this is my favorite music venue in phoenix. it is a smaller venue best for local or indie bands, but every show i've been to their has been far more memorable then any show i've been to in phoenix.

the place itself isn't too stunning, it is just a rectangular brick building with a bar area on the right when you walk in, booths on the left side of the wall, some high tables in the middle, a stage and standing area at the back, and an eclectic mix of art on the walls. however, the place has a really good feel to it and excellent sound that leads to really wild and memorable concerts.

the two that i remember the most were the presets/the rapture and spinto band/art brut/we are scientists. i thought the presets were pretty lousy until i saw them play there and the rapture played an absolutely amazing set that lasted almost 2 hours and inspired an epic, comfortably out-of control dance party. the other show was equally long and boisterous, highlighted by eddie argos coming out into the crowd to sing 3 songs.

the bad things about the place are that last time i went there was still no alcohol because they lost their liquor license. however, i heard that they have got it back now, but i'm not sure. the shows i went to i had to go down the street between sets and drink at alice cooperstown which isn't cheap. 

it also doesn't have a patio at all where you can hang out and hear the music or what is going on inside and drink or smoke. the venue reminds me alot of the lounge in the back of Plush in tucson except for the lack of a patio which is really important in a state like AZ where the weather is so good at night most of the year.

of course the worst thing is just the lack of bands that go there. most bands come to either marquee (heaven help us poor phoenicians) or even worse, the clubhouse. if you happen to be a tour manager reading reviews on yelp, please book your band at the brickhouse.

Update - 8/31 - Had to downgrade to 4 stars after my most recent visit. Its hard to believe that I'm downgrading them now that they have liquor available, but it's happening. 

They normally have local draft brews at this place for 2 dollars, but apparently when they have a show they don't sell it at all. Only bottles for 3 or 4 dollars. What's worse is that every bottle I ordered wasn't cold, tasted like they just threw it in the ice bin 30 minutes before. AND they kept running out of beers. What's even worse is that the mixed drinks run 6 DOLLARS for a really tiny glass. This place needs to get its act together. I'll be drinking beforehand and elsewhere in between sets from now on. I don't get why the music venues in Phoenix don't understand how much more money they can make at a show with drink specials.

They also apparently haven't invested in air conditioning which makes summer shows not even worth it. Okkervil River still put on a great show to my surprise, which is the only thing (along with the other great shows i've seen there) that kept me downgrading this place to 3 stars or lower.

They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now.
This is a cool venue to catch a show. I actually played a show here and it was good times. They have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers. They also have a nice sized Bar which can handle a good sized crowd. We all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue. I really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off!
So you wonder, (as you wander) does Phoenix have any history that pre-dates 1911? What happened to all the old brick and western style buildings that housed, cotton, supplies, cactus jelly, or whatever Phoenix would have had stored in a warehouse in 1911?  Well this is a place that has history (albeit, only 80 years or so, but hey we'll take it.) Coming from Boston, I yearn to have some kind of architectural history, buildings that have meaning, purpose,  character. I mean how many adobe style, clay shingled buildings can we have seriously? 

So if your looking for cool atmosphere, a safe venue (well lite parking lots) and great music, check out the brick house. I saw Okkerivil River here, and the experience was great, and the venue is the perfect size for a small show. They serve a wide range of beer and drinks. (food too) My only complaint, it was pretty hot inside, but then again it's ALWAYS hot inside buildings here in September. 

Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
I may not be very popular after I write this review, but I'm under the assumption I'm not popular anyway... so I guess it doesn't matter now, does it? 

In any case, I give The Brickhouse 3 stars based on my initial visit. Location is easy to find. There is street parking and I didn't get the feeling my life was in danger (even though somebody once told me that it was extremely dangerous for a girl to be out by herself in that 'hood and at that venue). A bum did stop along the sidewalk and ask for some spare change, but he wasn't a creepy bum (you know what I'm talking about). 

I chose for my first visit to The Brickhouse to be during a Beat Battle event. Granted, I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, but that was part of the draw. Rap? Turntablism? Beat Boys? I just had to know. 

I dragged a friend along with me. He seemed like a willing enough victim, though. 

Cover was $10, which isn't bad for any sort of musical event. Crowd was cool - plenty of unique individuals to rest your eyes upon. I enjoyed how this particular show brought out some pretty artsy-lookin' and jam-jivin' folks. I can hang with these peeps, I thought. I actually did enjoy the Beat Battle, for it was something new. Nothing like a new experience at a new venue to make one helluva memory. 

Only downside was that the beer selection was lacking. I wanted something seasonal, yet they didn't offer any sort of winter lager or ales. Bummer. I settled for a Kiltlifter to start off with, followed by a Newcastle.  Plus, there's a kitchen for people who have the munchies. They offered a drink, fries and burger for $5. Now that's a bargain.

Oh, and let's touch upon the bathroom, shall we. Ladies Room, my arse. More like a "Enter at Your Own Risk Waste Disposal." I mean, seriously. Door 1: the lock didn't align; therefore, the door didn't lock. Door 2: 1/2 the seat lid was broken off and missing. Door 3: Out of Service note. Door 4: The large stall with the big door that wasn't quite big enough to meet the stall column; therefore, it just swing wide open the other way.  Can you guess which stall I chose?  

But, c'mon, I admit it: I like this venue. I don't always need or want pristine, perfect or even pleasant. In fact, I am thinking my review will change and a 4th star may find its way into my rating if I go back here to see a band of my liking. I missed the Okkervil River show here, and I'll never forgive myself for that. 

Of course, this is definitely not a 5 star venue - unless, of course, there's the exception to the rule: no cover, better beer selection and Harry Connick Jr. on stage. Ha. I kid. Make it Bob Dylan and ya got yourself a deal.
i get lost almost every time i go here, but once i get there, i'm always pleased. 

every show i've ever been to here has been amazing. i've never been frustrated with the sound there, which is usually a big issue for me.
Wow, this is exactly what the downtown area needs more of. considering our nightlife is catatonic. a live venue is the only spark of civilization during the week nights. the area can be sketch..but usually during the day. you are spiting distance from the sheriffs office so it kinda gives a sense of security.

the look and feel to the place is classic old. seating is available for the loungers. a couple round booths and some stand up tables. stage is big enough to hold antedote, living legends, and hiero...so basically figure it's a large stage. 

beer selection is good. and they mix drinks too. I've had friends complain they are weak..but i usually roll with hardcore drunks...so go figure them being weak.

the acoustics are OK. some problems have occurred while i was there. but i am never phased by that. I've been to scrappy's and the Nile. so I'm kinda used to it.
Dunzo.

Too bad.  It was a poor man's Antone's [re: Clifford Antone].  Saw many good live indie acts there and the stage was oh-so-close to the audience, but it was hellish to try to get a drink during a packed house show.
This unlikely little club is considered to be one of the best places in the Valley to catch local bands. It's hard to believe this place is in sleepy Mesa!

The food is good and the selection is HUGE: Pizza, Calzones, sandwiches, Gyros, subs, burgers, steaks, and Mexican food. Watch out though-- cheap drinks and live music can make this place a madhouse!
Um...wtf?

So I heard on the DL that this was a great place to go for some hip-hop on Thursday nights for The Blunt Club. I was like "Really? Off Price and Baseline? In MESA?"

Yup.

Rolled up round midnight to find a FULL parking lot-we had to park way the f down! The cover was eight bucks (which was steep in my opinion) but we barely nudged our way into a full house. It was actually overwhelming-the hip hop was blaring, there were booths filled with averages, tattooed neck honiez, and head nodders. B-Girls and Pop Lockers were shakin their ish on the floor. The bar was like 3 people deep-I just went for a cold PBR in the bottle (classy!) and hung around the dance floor. All KINDS of people-probably the MOST diverse crowd I have encountered here in the AZ. It had a definitive west coast hip hop scene feel. 

There were three guys in highly rigged dj sets ups (VINYL-REAL CUTTERS) and an MC that kept the hype up. 80s jamz, new trax, michael jackson, it was all here-sometimes a little too mixed for my tastes. And a b-boy battle ROYAL happened organically on the dance floor-WHA? In MESA?

Yeah, man, in Mesa. Roll on up to the Blunt Club people-the (south) west is gonna show you how to party!
i first started hitting up the Alley at age 15, when I was finally allowed to go to shows... ha, it was the height of ska (i mean the height of ska before it hit uber mainstream and 90210 rocked Reel Big Fish in their opening music montage), and came here alot that year.

it's definitely a rock n' roll bar, that does an amazing hip hop night. yeah, sounds all over the place, right? but this joint pulls it off. it's been a year since i came to Blunt Club, but it was hap-e-nin! it was so crowded and it was a cool crowd with a nice mix of styles and great music.

i came here recently for a friday night happy hour, and it was dark and empty, which was fine by me. it's basically made up of two big rooms, with a large stage looked on with six or eight large booths, LA club style. There are plenty of other tables, bar stools, too. 

Ok, for such a rock n roll heavy decor i was MAJORLY disappointed in the juke box selection. it was one of those electronic ones, so i thought if they don't have what i want, i'll just download it...nope. either it was not capable, or i was not capable of figuring out how to do it. i wasn't drunk and i do it all the time at other bars, so i'm pretty sure it was the latter, not the former. 

other than that, it was a nice break from the usual HH scene, we had cheap drinks (they have nice stuff on tap and cold microbrew bottles, sweet!) and cheap food. rock on... i mean, without the rockin' music part.

oh, and yeah, this is BARELY mesa... it's JUST over the 101, on the other side of south tempe, so i guess that counts, but not really.
This is one of my favorite bars in this part of town. Unusual location, but a very fun place nonetheless.
This was a nice little place that my sister introduced me to. I played here and had a good time the crowd was very responsive. The bartender was very cool but it helped that my sister was a regular there. We only had few drinks, I had all mix drinks and stuck with the good ol' Vodka Red Bull. It was a good size drink (meaning I got a whole can of red bull not just half) hard to mess that one up.

All in all I had a good time just chillin with my sister after I played my set. She and her boyfriend showed me a good time while I was in town.

One think I really liked about this place was the fact we had such good service, and a nice place to sit down and talk at. I can't wait to go back and visit Hollywood sometime.
There's something deliciously seventeen about drinking in "The Alley."  Of course, real seventeen year olds can't get in.  This place is legit, but the vibe is very Lloyd Dobler in a gas station parking lot asking a bunch of punk kids why he just can't win with women.  (Don't worry Lloyd none of us really have that figured out and most of us who seem to be doing it successfully are really just faking it.)

The crowd here varies but I have always felt welcome.  Drinks are ok.  Sometimes they're great but it depends on who's tending bar.  The good thing is they're fairly cheap.  As a music venue I give it  high five.  It's dirty and dark with a one foot high stage that's obviously meant for performance but not so far removed as to make you feel like you're not connected to what's going on.  The sound is ok.  It depends on the show really but I've always had a good time and that counts for a lot.

I like the pictures on the ceiling. They're fun to try to decipher when you're setting yourself on spin cycle.  The pool tables are usually full so I can't really vouch for them other than to say that they're popular.  All in all, it's a decent place to pummel yourself in the face with your beverage of choice.
A dive bar with a Hollywood Theme?  Are you F'n kidding me!?!?

The promoter books CRAP bands on a regular basis.

Wheeeeeeee! Mesa sucks and Hollywood Alley fits in perfectly.
I was in Arizona this past weekend, and my buddy was playing acoustic here.  How convenient!  He put me on the list, and when I showed up, the conversation with the door guy went something like this:

Me: "Hi, I'm on Mike Jarmuz's guest list." (handing him my ID)
Door Guy: (rudely) "Who the hell is Mike Jarmuz?"
Me: "Umm, he's playing tonight."
Door Guy: (rudely still) "Yeah, I don't know what band he's in."
Me: "Well he's his own act, it's just him."
Door Guy: (now even ruder) "He's not on my list."
Me: "Are you sure? Let me take a look... ok, he's Muzz."

Fair enough, so I didn't know he went by his nickname but come on, you don't gotta be a dick about it.  Anyway, once inside we had a very good waitress.  Drinks were cheap, and she recommended a great independent vodka as an alternative to the Ketel the girl I was with was going to order.
Decent dive bar for Mesa (Mesa/Tempe border off the 101).

This is another place that depends on the quality of the band. The music is why most people are here, and you won't have much luck chatting after 8pm as the place gets LOUD. 

So, if the band is good - the place rocks, if not - it's just another average dive bar.
I've only been here once and I got really sick from drinking too much, but it only cost me 35 bucks.  The music was great  and the drinks vere very nicely priced.  For a dive bar, it was a great time.  Another plus is I live across the street within walking distance.
As a fan of dive bars I have to give this place a big thumbs up. I may be a bit jaded though by have alot of friends play here. Cheap drinks, dark, low stage all pluses in my book. Also gotta love they serve white castle burgers. If youre into dive bars you definitely gotta hit this place. 

Oh yea, and the pool tables are shit.
I went here just for kicks and ended up really liking the place. They have great food and a great atmosphere. The bands they book are just mediocre at best, but that won't stop me from coming back.
"Arizona's only Hipster Bar", or so the sign says.

We discovered this place when they started doing a Tuesday night Drum'n'Bass night.  The bar is great.  Dark, nice round booths, good decore, tons of beers on tap, even more in bottles, great sound system with a stage.  They've got a few pool tables in a separate little area so you can still hear the music but still hear your friends.  Staff is friendly, courteous, and all in all pretty cool.

I've eaten here once for breakfast where they screen movies on a bigscreen using a projector.  Omelet, Bloody Mary, Erin Brockovitch (ok, that part sucked) FTW.

That being said, I will prob. never eat here again.  Last night we were chillin' wih friends enjoying music and they were enjoying some burgers when out of the corner of my eye I see a roach just waking along the top of the booth.  Cruising around from one side to the other, checking things out.  

Now I'm not an idiot, I realize there are prob. roaches everywhere, but something psychological happens when you're two feet from a roach in a dining establishment.  Unfortunately, I'll never be able to eat there again, however I will return for beats and beers.  If you read this far you will prob. not eat there either but I encourage you to drink there (bottles).
Take two shots of penicillin and a tetnus shot after eating/drinking here.  And for god's sake stay out of the bathrooms.  Don't believe me, check out the expert reviews on Maricopa.gov, restaurant ratings...pretty yuk!
A safe house for your hang over.

I found this place while on a 12 mile bike ride to ASU and back in 105 degree heat.  It looked like a Dive and  I was thirsty so inside I went.  It was a dive, a real good dive and I ordered a draft of PBR.

My first impression was that this would be a great place to drink off a hangover.   It was dark, cold, cave like with lots of dive character.  Where else are you gonna find PBR on tap?
I have lived here in the Valley forever, and I've been here at least a hundred times to see various punk rock shows over the years. Hollywood Alley is definitely a classic venue.

I went here last night to see a friend's band play. It had been probably a decade since my last visit. Walking in was a very familiar feeling - passing by the cloud of cigarette smoke in front of the door (yack) and past the door security. I recognized the high-back booths and the layout hasn't changed much at all. 

Something was different though. It's clean now. It's actually decorated thoughtfully rather than just decorated with random band stickers. It's certainly not as legit as it once was, but it's nice now. It seems like it's more for grown-ups. Most dive bars seem to end up getting shittier and grosser over time, but this place is miles away from the dumpiness of the days of yore. 

I probably wouldn't make a point to go here unless there was a band I wanted to see. That's mostly because of the location. As a bar, I think it's nice. Strong drinks, cool layout, comfy booths. I can't picture this place booking a solid band I would want to see, so it's gonna be a rare occasion that I'll come back. I do like it though and I'm glad to see it still around. Brought back some memories.
It's the kind of dive bar that you feel safe in....slumming without the risk.  Last night went back again to check out a friends band.  The service got slower as the place got busier, I actually sat with no drink for at least 45 minutes.  Didn't try any food since we had eaten before, but what I saw go buy didn't inspire me to want to order - it all looked like sub-par, deep fried muck.  But I wasn't there for the food, I was there for the music.  

It's still a great venue for loud, fun music.  While you couldn't talk during the sets, the music sounded good, and the room shape and size created a nice fee, and the raised booths along the back wall allowed even those of us in the back to see the stage.

I don't ever see myself adding this to any of my must dos except for the music scene.  They do have a decent selection of on tap beers, so for a show and a few drinks, it's a good night out.
I go to watch Grounded and Fred Green there. Drinks are decent and cold. One of those places you can't believe there's a cover charge. Like Mandi said, slumming without the risk.
A timeless classic a place with more shows than I can / care to remember.

Seen a lot of up and coming people here as well as some pretty good regular nights as well.
Always an interesting collection of different music styles mixed in with a ton of talents of all sorta both local and elsewhere.

Cheap drinks and plenty of pool tables.
Old school video games and of course darts
Pizza and bar food that is actually decent!
I Love dive bars but this one has gotten me questioning the whole concept of it. Firstly it had a cover charge.. Fine it was supposed to have 3 live bands and I understand that we need to pay to see them. THe last band did not show up. WTF!!! they should have told me that at the door. The band that was playing was more interested in fornicating with one groupie that was there. We had to hear a whole monologue from each of the band memebers about how they deserved a dollar stuffed in their whiteys which was fine as long as they actually played a song but nooooo... we will not play until we get a dollar stuffed down our small weenies. "Then I will give a lap dance to the groupie and still not play". 

Great!! and I had to be there to waste my time and money to observe this. Then I hear the last group ain't here. So I basically paid a cover charge to see drunk band members hit on groupies.

 And lets not talk about the turd they served me as bar food. The grilled chicken burger turned out to be raw and the soup was well... bleech....

Why oh why do I subject myself to this mishandling... oh right I like dive bars, food joints etc.... because I believe mom and pop type establishments try their best to serve people well.....

Paradigm shift with this establishment... service was apathetic.. food well.... grungy... and music..... blase....

Truly a disappointment to my core beliefs
yeah as dive bars go, this makes the grade.  pub food.  nothing too special.  good atmosphere overall, with a mixture of pool, pinball, and old video games.  plus of course the music!  always with the live music.  i've been like 6-10 times over the years and always hear an eclectic and decent selection of music.  gotta visit the alley every once in a while to see how the seedy underbelly kicks back and has a good time.
Coming here reminds me of the hole-in-the wall places I used to see Aqua-Bats etc. in.  The place holds about 300 people total, and seems pretty cool for a show.

I grew up about a mile from here, and never went in.  My curiosity finally got to me, so I met a friend here for lunch.  As I walked in, I knew I was out of my element (I'm an accountant for G-d's sake) but although it looked like the clubhouse from Sons of Anarchy, I wasn't accosted by any bad-ass bikers.  

We were waited on by Kat (I assume with a K) who was also bartending.  She paid very good attention to the 4 people that were in the entire place at lunchtime.  She made a good recommendation for dollar-taco-tuesdays, and a few other specials made by "grandma."  Yes, they have a 94 year old woman who is the head cook ... and she's pretty damn good.

I ordered a mexican burger, which was really great with the green chiles.  I also felt a need to get a cheap taco, which was quite excellent.

I'll be back for the breakfast, and any time I want to be reminded of a kick-ass club playing loud music while I smoke beaties and getting rejected by hot chicks who are way more ska/punk than me.
Come here in the morning every once in awhile after work for breakfast, since they open at 6 am. Food is good, most of the time have a movie in the background, and the atmosphere has a home feel to it.
I live just up the street from here and pass the place all the time. Today I finally decided to stop in and check it out. 

I was there in the middle of a Monday afternoon, so I cannot speak to what the place might be like when they have bands there. But for an afternoon it was just great.

They have a pretty eclectic selection of draft beer, so I had a 90 Shilling (excellent) and a Hemp Ale (also good). They have a couple of more unusual brews, plus the regular assortment of domestic brews, Fat Tire, Kilt Lifter and an IPA....oh and Guinness, of course.

I had just eaten, so I did not try the food, but some of the others in the bar seemed to be enjoying theirs. I looked over the menu, and pledge to return for food and report back.

The gal tending bar was great, super friendly and willing to give me the scoop on the good stuff they had.

Two premium pints and a $3 tip came out to $10. Needless to say, I will be back! An uber-dive to be sure, with low prices to match.
Sound is decent to good. The earps rock.
Went there to photograph a concert. Great crowd and fun quirky locals. Loved the dive bar ambience without being trashy/dirty. The lighting for the show wasn't great but the sound was good. Great beers, too. Get the 99Shillings.
This place is really cool.  The ambiance is certainly one of "sunlight sucks, that is what the outside is for".  If you are new to the place then PLEASE use the double doors as if they were an air-lock: let the outside one close before opening the next.  My retinas will thank you later.

There are three things that makes this place awesome imho:
1- Food.  The bar food is very tasty and you should get the large order of sliders if you have the appetite of a bear waking up in early spring or if you are chill with reheating.

2- Movie Screens.  That's right this ain't no sports bar.  The TV's, and often a projector screen, show movies that you probably haven't seen in at least 10 years unless you are a 2 AM junkie of TCM and the like.  It makes for a nice laid back atmosphere.

3- A sound guy who knows whats up?  For live music in the 3-4 tempe bar venues I've been to this is the only place where each band was able to NOT just throw the wall of sound at us.  Kudos to you sir.
This place gets an easy four stars for being a good spot to catch bands, grab some decent (but appropriately greasy) bar food, and enjoy an always decent drink selection. The extra star is for the owners, particularly Ross, who have done so much for local music over the years and have not received nearly enough gratitude for it. My bands played here when I was younger, I saw plenty of amazing shows here, and I still try to stop in when I'm on that side of town for an easygoing time playing pool and drinking beers. Truly an awesome small bar venue.
Have a great time dancing to the 80's music on Thursday nights.  Great crowd, friendly.  Oh and good food too.  Awesome!
The best dive bar in the Phoenix area. Been going there for years. Always stop in when I'm back in Phoenix. Great bar staff and drinks. Dank and dark the way a good bar should be. Loads of good beer and tap. Never had a bad drink there. Great place for live music too. Food is amazing too. Never go wrong with the Spam And Pineapple Pizza.
I JUST heard about this place and am sad I've lived in Tempe for four years without checking out Hollywood Alley.  Its fantastic!  There is live music almost every night... cool stage... really dark in there....big black 50's style leather round booths/tables, posters and random art all over the walls.  Perfect! I really prefer dives that 'try' to have an atmosphere... make themselves an 'eclectic hole-in-the-wall' not just a hole in the wall.  Hollywood Alley totally lives up to my expectations.

The back room is packed with vintage arcade games galore, a book exchange (YES, a free book exchange!!! How great is that?) ... mostly trashy romance novels but a few gems in there....  

Drinks were cheap and big... they put well drinks in HUGE glasses... definitely twice the size of the usual lowball glasses at most bars.  Really fantastic beer selection too! Haven't tried the food but I will.... definitely going back to Hollywood Alley!
Best 80's music in Phoenix, and no cover!  Between the ambience and the deejay I ended up spending a lot longer than I had planned.  i heard LOTS of songs i hadn't heard in more than a decade.  I the service was okay, but i didn't mind waiting because the music was really good, and the food was very good.  Try the Fajita wrap!
Love the ReUnion Thursdays.  It's the best 80's music in the Phoenix Area.  It's great to dance and watch movies on the big screen from back in the day.  Reasonable drink prices and really good food.  I highly approve and I'm glad it's every Thursday too.
I have only been there twice for lunch.  Food kinda sucks.  Pizza really sucked.  Service slow... and there were children in the bar!??  I love the ambiance.  The TV's can get a bit loud.  I would like to check this place out at night to see a show.
We came to Hollywood Alley as part of an impromptu Friday Night Bar Crawl - meaning I had already had several adult beverages when we got there. It was after 12pm so my friend and I were a little shocked that we had to fork up $5 for the cover charge. We usually have a no-cover policy but the rest of our group was already there. When we walked in it was super loud and super dark and super crowded so we made our way toward where we guessed the bar was. Thankfully the group we were meeting are big drinkers and we ran into several of them at the bar or we may never have found them in the crowded, dark room. We grabbed our bottled PBR and made our way over to the side where there are games and pool tables. Still loud but at least you could yell and be heard.  Shot a few rounds of pool.There is a big padded bench that runs around the room,unfortunately if you are sitting on it, your likely to get hit with the back end of a pool cue. Overall, a good dive bar, I'd go back.... even though it's in Mesa!
Food here is always AMAZING!  Specifically Sunday breakfast and MOVIES!!!!!  Love this place!  AND all of the food is great I haven't ever had something here I didn't like!
Great place to kick back and enjoy some live music with descent food and good drink.
Loved this place for a recent party that was had...my idea of a dive bar with great sound.  The wait staff was had was friendly and just awesome to all of our questions and requests.

The only draw back might be parking and that the air conditioner is an issue.  Definitely dont layer when you go there!  I was lucky I wore a stapless dress and was cool, but everyone else was sweltering! 

Defiintely would go again!
Not sure what it is, but I love this place! It's not so much the cheesey Hollywood themed dealio, but every time I have gone here I've had a good experience. That counts for something when you are talking about night spots. Mostly original, local bands play here, on a medium sized stage. Nothing special as far as service, bar, etc. Check to see who's playing before arriving- You may not like the genre/type of music. Overall, very cool place!
Perfect place for third dates and indie rock shows.  Food is okay and decent vibe depends on what bands are playing.
Best dive bar in AZ, Bloody Mary's & Breakfast are the best!!
Holly Would in the Alley
By The Rue

I spent a few hours at Hollywood Alley,
I didn't go with a girl named Sally,
Located in Arizona, not in Cali,
$21.64 was my bar tab tally,
Live music here isn't like a pep rally,
It's one of the best dives in the valley,
It's as big as a ships galley, 
They don't do a grand finale,
The owner's last name isn't O'mally,
If in Vegas don't stay at Bally's,
I like berries just not Halle,
When you order don't dilly dally!

Van Nuys!!
This place is an East Valley institution! For starters, they have live music regularly, and they always have an annual show with Melt Banana from Japan, which is always a blast! Sound is awesome, and the cover is reasonable. Drink selection is amazing, and they have a signature drink menu as well. They have a full kitchen, and even offer breakfast starting at 6am! Perfect for those working the graveyard shift. Prices are good and drinks are strong. The decor is awesome, a good mix of pulps and movie posters and the like. All in all a solid neighborhood bar, music venue, and all around fun joint.
I love this place!  All the guy workers are awesome!   Julie, Angie, Heather, and Zayne are the best girls ever.  ;)  I get treated very well here, and I love the atmosphere. I've never been treated so well at any other restaurant in my life.  I used to go here almost everyday for breakfast and lunch, because they have such great deals!  I've been here a few times for karaoke and to watch local bands.  I have not been disappointed at this bar.  Grandma still cooks at this place, and her food is fabulous.  She is the sweetest lady, and she is more than happy to talk to her customers; you can even call her Grandma!!  Even their doorman is super friendly.  This place is like a home away from home.  Thank you, Hollywood Alley.  :)
One dive bar to rule them all.....

Seriously, this place is the definition of a dive but on the flipside it's some of the best grub I have had in a bar, the staff is really nice and they have pretty decent shows. I am a fan. 
Tip: There is a hidden bathroom behind the pool hall that doesn't smell of death.

I saw nothing.
Not a bad place. I came to the jazz and poetry night Tuesday. I enjoyed the atmosphere and my cheap beer. The round booths facing the stage makes for comfortable place to sit for a few hours.
One of my favorite watering holes, Hollywood Alley is a must for a drink in this part of town.  Great greasy pub food and awesome service makes for a good time.  Check it out!
Awesome place to kick back after a graveyard shift
When I first moved to AZ back in 2007 I lived within 5 minutes walking distance of this place, and since I didn't have a car it became my regular hangout.  The inside is dim, divey, and dumpy (just the way I like it).

They have surprisingly good food which is pretty inexpensive.  They even serve breakfast. Great selection of beers and mixed drinks, and priced right.  They also have some of the best local bands playing on the weekends. The staff is always really friendly too.

Overall, this is a great spot to spend a Friday or Saturday night, or just a few hours in the afternoon if you have nothing to do.  I have a car now and don't live next door anymore, but I still go once in a while and grab a burger and a beer.
Comfy place that draws a varied selection of performers... not always the best fit for such a small venue. Layout definitely limits line of sight to the stage in over half the bar, acoustics not too shabby. Service was good. Great place to hang if there is a band you want to see on the bill, but not a place I'd drive across town to on a regular basis.
Not that this review will matter because theyre closing, but I just had to get it in.

I love this place. Theres always something going on, whatever day of the week it may be. From live music, to movie nights, to the bloody mary bar on Sundays. There really is something for everyone....or I guess I should say was.

Ive seen countless bands perform here and have even sang here myself. The stage is huge. A great jam session stage, if you will. And theres plenty of seating/space for those there to enjoy whatevers going on onstage. Theres even the "back room" that has games and more seating if you feel like just listening to whos playing.

One of the biggest things Ill miss about the Alley is the food. Grandma does it up right. Ive never had a bad meal here. They have one of the best cheesburgers Ive ever had. The service was always slow as molasses at lunch, but that burger was always worth the wait.

Every single employee that I encountered here was so so nice too. Thats rare in a rockbar. No attitudes.

Im sad to see you go Hollywood Alley, I have lots of great memories of you though.
I can't believe I never reviewed here before, and so sad it's too late. Just got news that after nearly 25 years, they're closing their doors. Devastated. Me and my guy fell in love here. Planned to get married here. Planned to have Holleywood Alley around! We live 1,200 miles away now, and we are so sorry to hear the awful news. We will miss this place no doubt for many reasons. Thank you, Hollywood Alley, for the amazing memories..
I used to frequent this place back in the day and was sad to hear it's days were numbered.  Loud!, rockin and packed is how I will always remember It.  Hopefully someone takes this place to new heights.
Hollywood Alley RIP!

In my wildest dreams, Hollywood Alley would still be open. I would be at the bar watching the Goonies, eating way too many hot wings, drinking too many vodka crans... Talking shit with the bartenders and other patrons. Ahh, sweet memories. 

I loved Hollywood Alley. We would come here early and watch creepy documentaries with the bartender Eric. Crappy bar food, cheap beer, strong drinks.. What's not to love? Never use the bathroom and try to never imagine what it looked like with all the lights on :) I hope Ross is doing well, such a shame to see this place closed.
WAIT! STOP! Do NOT go here for the Pizza!

Will it kill you? I think your life is more at risk by walking through the parking lot during the snowbird season. The pizza is passable, but you do not go to Organ stop for the pizza.

To enjoy Organ Stop, you must be a music lover. I mean the band geek variety. I was lucky enough to get my father here before he passed away, and every time I go since I reminisce in his enjoyment, in my parents enjoyment of a wide variety of music.

For the uninitiated, the location at 1149 East Southern Avenue in Mesa is built to house a Wurlitzer Organ (OK Mike, try, try to avoid the huge organ jokes) with over 6,000 pipes. Additionally, percussive and horn instruments are tied to the instrument, not to mention the dancing cats, singing birds, disco ball and bubble machines. Keep in mind, one person operates this thing. I know they do have the ability to sample and replay the different overlays, but it's still very impressive stuff. I've seen three or four musicians in my many visits, my personal favorite in Charlie Balough.

The crowd varies between kiddie and senior, and can be especially senior during snowbird season. After it warms up a bit, it's much easier to get in, sit down, eat mediocre pizza and drink a pitcher of beer while you list to an artist play a wide assortment of musical selections. 

I've been there many, many times, and it's a consistent experience. Enjoy yourself and teach your kids to appreciate music.
It is true that the pizza isn't any good.  the music is fun and the kids have a blast.  i never go during snowbird season.  i have found that the organ guy keeps playing the same tunes over and over again.  i think i went one time during disney week, cause that is all we heard.  i request Boston's Walk On everytime and can't get them to play it, but the mission impossible theme song is always a cool his.
We used to have a place like this in Daly City, CA called Pizza and Pipes, but it's no longer around.  I went there when I was a kid, and it was nice to find a place like this while I was visiting my fiancee in Arizona.

Places like this are well-known for having great organ and not-so-good pizza.  However, I found the pizza here absolutely delicious, with just the right balance of sauce, cheese, and topping.

The BIG draw here is the organ, and I was really blown away by how entertaining it was.  The organist was a great performer, and it seems as if the entire room of the restaurant was part of the instrument he conducted from the rotating keyboard on the floor.  There were flags, dancing birds, purcussion, bells, and lots to look at in the two-level restaurant.  On the night we went, it was absolutely packed and everybody was having a great time (including me).  People were clapping and singing along.  This place is definitely worth repeat visits.
Organ Stop is like a trip down memory lane. Our family used to go a very looooong time ago, in the early 80's, when they were located in far West Mesa. 

As a child I  can remember this giant organ bursting out of the ground like magic. As it towered over the audience, complete with lights and sounds I was mesmerized by its beauty. It's a childhood memory that is seared into my brain. I'm sure many of the children that go will find it truly magical. 

The food is not what you go for, it is the entertainment and novelty of seeing this incredible organ being played, and the experience of enjoying something that you won't find many other places. 

*****PLEASE NOTE******
They DO NOT accept credit cards!!! Cash or check only. 
There is an ATM on site if you forget this.
If you want to have a nice conversation over dinner, this is not the place to go.  If you are looking for quality pizza, this is not the place to go.  If you are looking for a place with some very unique entertainment to accompany some not-so-great pizza, than this is the place to go.  I love the entertainment.  The restaurant is built around the largest Wurlitzer theater pipe organ in the world (Almost 6,000 Pipes!). The organ controls violins, drums, horns, xylophones, and many other special effects hanging on the walls of the restaurant.  The music is a lot of fun. The organist plays movie scores, TV theme songs, Disney songs, Broadway hits, patriotic songs, and even takes requests!  Don't expect to be able to have a normal conversation since the noise is high volume.  The food is nothing special, so don't go expecting that and you won't leave disappointed.  

Thanksgiving through Mid-April:
Sunday - Thursday 4pm-9pm
Friday - Saturday 4pm-10pm

Mid-April through Thanksgiving:
Sunday - Thursday 5pm-9pm
Friday - Saturday 5pm-10pm
This place really is quite special. It's a natural tourist trap, so expect to see plenty of pasty, obnoxious Canadians and so forth, but from what I hear it is a sort of local landmark. 

I went for my birthday this year at the recommendation of a few work friends, and I had an incredible time. The pizza gets alot of flack, apparently, but I enjoyed it just fine. It's not likely to be mistaken for gourmet brick-oven pizza that snobs in Sedona eat, but it's still rather good from what I remember.

The organ was incredible. Gigantic. Played by a really good musician. The song selection is pretty universal, showtunes and the like, but just seeing the thing in action is remarkable. I highly recommend it. Now stop bashing the pizza!
So let me set the scene first, My church social group took a trip here last saturday. We are not your mothers church. The churhc is Community Church of Hope, We are the valleys largest GLBT church so when we desended upon Organ stop Pizza, in LDS land you know we look a little out of place. We had about 50 people from our church come and boy did we have fun. 
There was a baptist church a couple rows down from us who didn't see it coming. Now we aren't a bunch of flamers frolicking around or anything but we do tend to get a little loud and generally have a great time. I did recognized some of the music  so I was able to sing along with those. 
This is a great place to take anyone over 50. 
I do think they might be washing dirtymob money or something since the business is cash only.........which I think caught a lot of people off guard including me. 
The show starts at 530  so dont be late !!!!!!
After driving out to Mesa from Phoenix, we found this place to be HUGE,  with about a three acre parking lot...totally jammed...Inside there was a long line and the dining room , on two floors was packed to the rafters.  We would have had to wander around for a week to get a table. The organ is pretty impressive, and the music was nifty, but the crowd and the chaos were not so nifty.  
They do not take credit cards- is there ANY restaurant that does not take plastic  any more?- only cash or checks (!).   They had an ATM but I was afraid to see how much they charged for cash. 
The prices seemed  OK, but the pizza didn't look all that wonderful- I guess they're selling the organ music.  The clientele was young couples with kids- noisy ones- and old snowbirds from Canada.  The ambiance was part Vegas early-bird senior buffet and part Cub Scout Jamboree, unsupervised.  There's no service.  You order at the desk and come back and get it when it is done.  
I dunno- maybe you like that sort of thing.  Ain't my cup o' tea.  Maybe a return visit on a Tuesday in July.
Five stars for the memory. (hope you all enjoy it) When I was a kid we went here as a family all the time, but one time when I was a baby the organ came out and started playing and I almost bit my moms boob (other parts but keeping this pg for the kids) right off. No matter how many times we go back, nothing will ever get my family to stop telling that story. Lol.  Pizza is decent, and service has always been ok, although I haven't been there in quite some time!
My two stars is for the food and ordering process.

I still thing going to the restaurant to experience the organ and bring friends or visitors is a must.

They only accept cash or check and that is always inconvenient.  Very few places don't take debit cards and I contantly have to remind myself to go to the bank on our way to Organ Stop.

You wait in line to order your food and it bothers me that I can't get mushrooms on only 1/4 of the pizza.  Toppings are only done in 1/2.  After you pay for your food you wait in a new line to get your drinks.  Frustrating!!!

The pizza is not even worth eating, IMO.  The fried appetizers are decent- I like the zucchini and mushrooms but not so much the mozzarella sticks.  The salad bar is an option.  The beer and wine is CHEAP.

If you want ice cream after your meal that is a third line you wait in.
if you are MSG sensitive stay clear of this place. I haven't been here in 2 + years ever since my last experience.

like most reviews the pizza is so so...more along the lines of grocery store pizza....the music is wonderful. Like a previous poster said the ordering process and the lack of credit card acceptance (or lack thereof)is a huge drawback
OK. Imagine the Grand Canyon had ice cream. Not the best ice cream, but hey it's ice cream. Would you tell people, "Yeah I went to the grand canyon, but the ice cream was just alright. I don't know if I'd recommend it." If you would, take a run as fast as you can (head first) into a wall, come back and read this again.

No! The pizza isn't the best. But hey! It's pizzaI The Organ is what you are going for. Take your kids and anyone else you can pack into your car and go. Have a day!
I had not heard of this place until my sister brought it up.  We were planning a place for my birthday that my nephews and I both could enjoy and this was the perfect fit.  An adult Chuck E Cheese.  

The pizza was that of an adult entertain place as it wasn't the best however it wasn't horrible either.  You go there for the Organ and thankful you have some adults options for drinks and food.  

We all enjoyed looking at all the all the stuff going on around you and the kids liked they could be kids.  

Would I go back?  Yes, I would as it is a one of a kind.  As for being hungry for a good pizza, well, you're in the valley; good pizza is hard to find period!
The pizza is ok, but nothing special. The big draw is the organ, of course! Organ Stop is a great place for having a fun evening with a group. I went last night with my girlfriend and her family, and we had a blast!

Definitely go early, as this place fills up fast! (Same with tune requests & birthday announcements. Get em in early.)

The crowd is quite diverse. Little kids having birthdays are quite common, as are those from the 75+ crowd.
I wish this was the kind of place to go for a good pizza, unfortunately it's the kind of placeI I would recommend going half full, with a few drinks in you, to enjoy one of the worlds largest organs displayed for quality entertainment purposes. God love this organ, I certainly do.
Have you ever felt the sentiment of when something is so bad it actually surpasses its badness and becomes good?

now let me ask you this......have you ever had that feeling where its so bad it becomes good then goes back to bad then meagerly yet triumphantly manages to fall into the GREAT category??? 

I give you... ORGAN STOP PIZZA!!!!!

Rule #1
You will want to be under the influence of ANYTHING upon entering this establishment.

-TRUST!!! ordering here is a nightmare..it's a really weird system..u may have to barter and/or trade wives or something to get pizza....could be cash only.. idk (or can remember [ I adhere strictly to Rule #1]) but do you really go for the pizza...or the experience-- this word needs to be italicized.

Rule #2
-You must drink alcohol while in this establishment!!! For your own sake! (be surprised they even serve alcohol here!)

Rule #3
- It is encouraged to request crazy-ass songs... "they" (being the crazy exclusive largest organ on earth made of cellophane/cardboard/packing tape illustrious organists) seriously know everything!! They even know Beyonce! for real, I swear one time they played "Crazy In Love". 

-Also, you can totally take credit for this, but suggest to your friends a game where your group is versus every other patron/family there and try to totally dominate the request bowl. 
here's a hint: suggest- "moon river", anything disney ("under the sea" boasts actual bubbles that float down from the ceiling and land in your pizza), I don't know the name of it but we call it the 'crazy cat song'...it includes a puppet show of 4 janky-azz cats that bop up and down behind the organist....they seriously look like they got the mange. definitely request that one..it WILL get played. in fact that's the only reason we go anymore..for the cats.

-Rule # whatever. sing really loud to annoy the 65+ ...once they leave you will be the only ones there...just like a private show! 

-RULE: Don't forget to tip!

*and don't forget to stop at the "gift shop" on your way out!!!
Chuck E Cheese for retirees.  Don't take offense if you are a retiree because I am getting pretty close to that myself, I just thought that the crowd would be much younger. I was astounded at the sheer volume that place does on a weekend as the place was huge, people were packed in like sardines, I felt like I was at a KISS concert.

We had the kids with us and so no alcohol consumtion was possible....that might have helped.  Once we found a seat with aisleways that were not large enough to sit down without getting up every five seconds to let someone through, I had a chance to look around and was impressed with the building, which is the organ. Very cool ,thats why the two  stars.  Past the organ and the show, the place was a tad annoying starting with the fact that they only took cash and checks chiseled on stone tablets like the flintstones. I got in the long line to buy the pizza with the one check my honey gave me and then found out that to order drinks, I needed to get cash out of the ATM in order to get in a second long line to buy drinks.

Food was edible...not good, not the worst. Price was actually not bad, but keep in mind we did not drink.  I think next time I will just get some Totinos Party Pizzas, tune in the Lawrence Welk show and sit 6 people at a card table and the effect will be similar.

I would go back for the organ during the summer, on a week day, when they first open. I think if the crowd was smaller it would still be a cool place to take the kids.
You don't really go to Organ Stop for the pizza.  The organ is fun (especially for Grandma and Grandpa - as well as kids).  

Ordering is a bit of an adventure - cattle call ordering line where they give you a number and you come back in another line to pick up your food.  There is also a third line because you can not order your drinks (soda, beer and wine) in the line where you order your pizza.

The pizza is made on a chain belt and is average at best.  I was pleasantly surprised by the lasagna I ordered and the spaghetti looked good but I didn't try it.

The real star of Organ Stop is the organ and the man who plays it.  It may sound corny but it is fun and it is a hoot to see the older gentlemen stand up and salute when they play "Anchors Away", "Nothing can beat the US Air Corp or "The Halls of Montazuma"

In Summary  - average pizza, above average entertainment - worth taking your parents or grandparents to when they visit the Valley!
I'm back. . .

and this place is as good as it was when I first came here in '08.  Apart from the organ, which is the main attraction that everybody is drawn to, I like the pizza here.  For me, the sauce on a pizza is everything, and this place has great sauce.  The pizza overall is a bit pricey, drinks are not bottomless, and this is absolutely no place to go if you are in a hurry to get somewhere after you eat.  But, if you want to spend an evening with your family enjoying pizza and listening to a pipe organ with all the bells and whistles (literally), this is a good destination.
Bad Pizza, very bad pizza... I think most people are being very generous to say it's OK. I love the atmosphere here, the organ is great... Very bad pizza. I can only imagine how great this "once every 5 year" place could be if they had even "good" pizza, it would not even have to be great! Another yelp-er, compared this place to going to the grand canyon, you know, something you got to do.  I agree you need to go here... I actually brought my own pizza from Old Chicago, the last time I went... No one even tried to stop us. I think the wait staff understood, every time they passed our table they smiled. We got ice cream for desert and also left a big tip... This place has Pizza in it's name I would give more stars if they called it Organ World and charged for admission.
This is a great place to take the kids for pizza and entertainment when you're sick of the stagnant Chuck E Cheese's franchise.  Their pizza, though not great, is better than most of the kid-oriented pizza places in town, and they offer more options on the menu (including alcoholic beverages for the grown-ups!).  

The main attraction is the giant Wurlitzer organ in the middle of the large, two-story dining room.  I like the fact that the entertainment is included in the price of your meal, and it's actual LIVE entertainment - the organists even take audience requests.  I went with my fiance and his almost-5-year-old in December, when about 75% of the songs are holiday songs.  I recommend sitting on the second floor, where you get a great view of the organist and an up-close look at a variety of the instruments.  

After about an hour, the organ music can become a little too much, but at that point, you'll be done with your meal and on your way out the door.  This is a definite must-see place for anyone with kids or out-of-town visitors, especially during the holiday season!
When we arrived, my husband was a little discouraged by the number of elderly people that were waiting in line to get in.  But after our experience we realized this is a great place for a break in the monotony of multi-generational family dinners.  

The pizza earns 2-3 stars from me.  I'm more of a Pizza Bianco/Humble Pie/La Bocca kind of girl.  Not a big fan of the doughy, over-cheesed kind of pizza.  But, that's what they have here, so that's what we ate.  Really nothing special, but not horrible either.  Their salad bar is pretty standard; also nothing special.  We didn't try any of their sandwiches or specialty dishes.

However, the entertainment was unlike anything I've ever seen before, and we all really enjoyed it.  The organ pipes are quite a spectacle: a countless number of them, two stories high, all throughout the dining hall.  There are drums and bongos on the walls and bells and xylophones hanging from the ceiling.  The organ itself rotates on a platform at the front and center of the dining hall.  I bet your organ doesn't do that.  (On that note, I'll inform you that the "giant organ" and "huge pipes" lend themselves to a number of inappropriate jokes.  So, have fun with that!)

Being the holiday season, we heard a lot of Christmas music both familiar and unfamiliar.  My stepdaughter was elated when they played her current theme song, "All I want for Christmas is My Two Front Teeth."  And all of the kids loved the "It's a Small World/Mickey Mouse Club" theme song medley with the banner of Mickey hanging from the ceiling and "Under the Sea" with blue lights on the disco ball and bubbles at the end.  Personally, I was a fan of the Phantom of the Opera medley.  

The organist has a request box at the front of the stage that he checks every so often and he recognizes birthdays and special occasions and plays songs for them.  

We're looking forward to doing another family dinner here sometime. Between grandma, adult kids and grandkids (ages 1-7), our gang had a really good time here!
This place has a very unique atmosphere, with a live organist playing all kinds of crazy instruments hooked up to the stage organ and taking very limited requests. This is primarily a pizza place with similar sides, but nothing there is good except the beer. I personally had a bad pizza experience there and now refer to this place strictly as "The Organ Stopper". Bring kids up to ages 8 or 9, but beyond that they will probably get bored or annoyed fast, unless they are very musically-minded or have an organ-playing scholarship on the horizon. For adults, bring a DD and knock back a pitcher or two to make your time worth it.
Organ Stop Pizza is truly a family oriented establishment.  Long, large tables end-to-end everywhere, and (2) stories to boot.  The pizza was better than expected - traditional, not greasy, plenty of toppings built out so that there isn't even a bone.  Our group which had ages 1-60+, didn't have a single complaint and we had over (10) pies served of varying types.

Above all else, the music is great.  I've never experienced anything like this, and if you enjoy good wholesome family fun, I highly recommend Organ Stop Pizza.
Coming from Los Angeles... you don't get that kind of spectacle.  Especially while you're just looking to grab some pizza and a beer.  We get chuck e. cheese... not a grand organ orchestrated by the organ master!  Request "The Choo Choo train" or something like that.  The whole place seems to come alive.  Man, old people in AZ know how to have fun!  I didn't have much time in AZ, but this stop was definitely the highlight of my trip.  I'll definitely be back someday.
Completely unaware of its reputation, I came here with my wife's family for a family gathering.  Well, they couldn't have picked a worse place for "family gathering."  The place is loud (you have to shout to each other to carry a conversation), jam packed (we had to sit in tables in the opposite corners of the place), and the pizza is horrible (more on that soon).

To me, the only positive thing of the place is the organ music.  I guess that's how they earn their keep and draw the large crowd.  They take crowd requests, and the organist actually is quite good.  But that's about the only good thing of the whole experience.

As soon as we walked in, a huge sign greeted us "Cash or checks only, no credit or debit cards."  What era are we in, 1940's?  In this day and age, the only places that accept cash only are those taking tax advantages.

And the pizza.  Tasted like cardboard with cheese and not-so-fresh toppings.  Any store-bought frozen pizza would have tasted better.  And then they cheated on the toppings too.  We ordered a 2-topping pie, only to see the number of pepperoni on ours being about half of that of a 1-topping pepperoni pizza.  Hello?  I paid for 2 toppings, not 2 different toppings splitting half-n-half.  Honestly, I really don't know how other reviewers think their pizza is even "ok."  To this day, I could not believe anyone could ruin pizzas this badly.

Overall, the place has the ambience of a German beer hall during Oktoberfest.  Organ playing was kinda cool, and I can see how this is a "family place" cuz kids generally would like the music.  But the food is terrible.  If you want to come here, eat somewhere else first (get a hot dog from the gas stations nearby or something), then come enjoy the organ with ice cream.  But then again, if they screw up pizzas so badly, maybe you shouldn't brave the ice cream either.
Great place to take kids.  Been going since I was a kid - pizza is okay and cheap.  Cash only, but they have an ATM on the premises.
Such a fun bit of Americana! A friend had his birthday celebration here and  I must say that it was quite the entertaining experience. Food's OK and not too badly priced, considering the entertainment that comes with it; and, $2 mugs of beer on tap ... yes!

The Wurlitzer was impressive: around 6000 pipes and 4 large turbine blowers make it one of the largest theater organs in the world. The pipes themselves, as well as accessory instruments - piano, percussion instruments, even a mechanical quacking duck - are scattered around the interior of the building and displayed and lit to become part of a grand light and sound show. I thoroughly enjoyed the organist's performance, which ranged from folk to pop (including adventure and sci-fi movie themes) to classical pieces. The performance ends with a sing-along.

Pretty much all ages are represented in the customer demographic, from toddlers to seniors, but leaning heavily toward family groups. Kids definitely love the place, as I saw many of them break away from their families to go beside the organ platform and spontaneously dance to the music.
You don't come for the run-of-the-mill pizza. Nor do you show up for the cheap pitchers of beer. No, you make it here for the show. A massive organ fills the entire building, incorporating dozens of intruments, and the virtuosos playing it take center stage. Sit back and watch then perform your favorite songs, from Star Wars to The Little Mermaid. Don't let the average food dissuade you from a one-of-a-kind experience.
Five star for the experience and the amazing organ player who apparently knows every song in the world by memory! Pizza is better than a Peter Piperish place, but that's definitely not why you go. The organ is amazing and the kids love it. The history of it is pretty cool too!
I recently moved back to the valley and the pizza has improved. The sauce, toppings, and crust are all high quality and fresh. Organ Stop only gets better.  I love the music and it a great family friendly place to eat.  My daughter gets so excited when they play her request.  Lew Williams, the organist we saw on a Thursday night even played Stairway to Heaven on the organ! Wow.  I don't know if they still have classical concerts but I hope they do.
Really thrilled that I finally made it out to this place after over a year of knowing about it.  I really was organly blown away by what is the coolest pizza themed joint anywhere.  I love organs and it was simply fantastic to hear all the songs on this instrument housed in the skeleton of the building.  The pizza itself was just okay to me, but they have Blue Bell ice cream to make up for that!  And of course... the great promise of your favorite contemporary song being played on the organ.  Family fun, birthday fun...its organzmic!
Stopped here for dinner on a Monday night with my cousin and boyfriend before flying out of Phoenix. 

We shared a large combination pizza, onion ring app, and a pitcher of Miller (pitcher was only ~$7!). Food was okay, but the star was the live organ playing. It was so impressive I cannot even begin to fully describe it. The organ pipes and everything took up an entire wall of the place, with additional sound/visual effects lining the ceiling and interior. It was so cool listening to Phantom of the Opera, Mamma Mia, etc.

The crowd was mainly older folks and families with children. Although there are signs that tell parents to make sure their children don't run around everywhere, many parents seemed to ignore that. Children were running everywhere, up and down stairs, and screaming. This was the only thing that detracted from our experience.

Otherwise, this was definitely a very cool, unique place to go to. If my parents ever go to Phoenix, I would recommend them stopping by this place!
My brother would not stop talking about this place. Finally he decided I had to go for my birthday. Wasn't sure if that was the best idea but I trusted my brother anyway. This was a few years ago mind you so I was turning 22 at the time. I wouldn't recommend this place to just adults but it is a family eatery for sure. The food was decent but what you really go there for the ambiance. The entire building is a HUGE instrument and one man controls them all. He does take requests and my brother graciously requested for him to play Happy Birthday for me as well as a Star Wars AND a Disney montage of songs....yes they do montages. It brought me to tears! It was so wonderful! Great for birthday parties because you can bring your own cake and the food is decent and cheap! I would probably compare the pizza to Peter Piper's pizza.
the food wasn't very good, and the organ player didn't seem to know any of the songs we requested.
Organ Stop Pizza is a very unique restaurant in Mesa.

Organ Stop has a massive 1920's pipe organ and has an organist play songs while you eat your dinner. It's a pretty cool experience and even cooler because the organist takes requests and is able to play a surprising variety of songs.

The food is just average, nothing to get excited about or even good enough to earn a return visit on it's on merits. It's not bad, just nothing that will blow you away.

So basically, if it wasn't for the organ, the place wouldn't be worth a visit. 

They also have a limited selection of domestic draft beer for you to sip on while you enjoy the show.

The unique organ experience gives Organ Stop Pizza an above average rating of four stars.
I'm giving Organ stop 4 stars purely because of the organ. I would give the food and service 2 stars. It's cash only and that's just silly but beyond that they have a separate line to order pizza and then to order drinks! 
The food is so so but really it's all about the experience and not the food. Kids live it and a word to the wise- don't go at prime dinner time. There will be a ton of old people and no seats.
Still the best dinner theater .Great for all ages .Very clean ,and nice .
well its like this....very incredibly hokey, but really cool. I could picture this in pigeon forge or branson but it really is worth seeing. Pizza is OK (nothing Special) salad bar and Ice cream are also available...Amazing Pipe Organ+++ lots of extras...we drank several pitchers of beer
Pizza....meh
Music...holy crap amazing.
Best nights are when they play the Star Wars Medley.  Pure heaven.

Take cash or a checkbook, they don't take credit cards or visa.
We went to Organ stop mainly because we thought our daughter would love the show.  We were right.  We all loved it and were suprised when the pizza was acctually good and so was the salad bar.  I think what she  enjoyed most was the dancing cats.  I would have to recommened getting there early, my husband spent 30 minutes in line waiting to order, and if you dont get the seat you want be ready to table hop.  I think we moved 3 times until we got to a table that we had a really good view.  It was a lot of fun and we will definately go back.
The food was okay, but what brings people here is the Mighty Wurlitzer organ. The musicians are amazing. They take requests and play without sheet music. As much as I enjoy the professional musicianship, sometimes the medleys repeat and seem like they never end. We requested Phantom of the Opera (I'm sure they get that a lot), but it wasn't as grandiose as I had hoped. Extremely entertaining nonetheless. Sitting in the restaurant feels like sitting in a smaller version of Hofbrauhaus.

The restaurant only takes cash.
Awesome pizza! Music was so cool too! Great for all ages! He accepts requests to plus birthday announcements!  Accepts only $ or checks!
I am thinking people are writing reviews for the atmosphere and not the food.  The food is not good.  You go for the adventure of it but not the food.
The concept of this place is pretty neat, but I didn't have the best experience here. The ordering process is a little confusing and I didn't see any signs that said they were cash only. I had to go to the ATM then stand in the long line again. Once you order, they tell you to wait for your number to come up on the board. The number board is inside the dining room near the ceiling and it's hard to find! 

I had the mushroom and sausage pizza. It wasn't bad but could have used more sauce. I had a glass of red wine which was served chilled....

I would give this place three stars but there were little bugs crawling on the table. ewwww!!!!!

We really enjoyed the organ player and would have stayed longer, but there were too many kids. This is a cool place to check out but watch out for creepy crawlies...unless you want them on your pizza.
Ok here it goes....If you are looking for amazing food this is not your place. It is ok pizza at best. Stick with the pizza. Trust me! The place only takes cash but have an ATM inside to get the cash which is a pain in the butt. So why the 4 stars????????????

I have a definate affinity for the most unusual, off the wall, freakish, wickedly awesome, magical attractions I can find. I like attractions that you can barely imagine in your mind. I Iike attractions that you cannot accurately describe to others due to the sheer awesomeness of what you experienced. Organ Stop is a place that has impressed me every time I have visited. Do yourself a HUUUUGE favor and get there before the show starts. You can litterally feel the anticipation of the patrons that know what you are about to experience. I do not want to ruin anything that you may see, hear or feel during the wondeful performances. What I can attest to is that one of the songs made my wife cry. I can honestly say that if you are open minded, young at heart, believe in magic, and are not a stuffy pretentious person, this place is a veritable treasure trove of wonderful experiences. It truly is a freakishly fantastic place that will leave you wanting more.
Great family venue. And the pizza is pretty good too. The history and scope of the place is pretty impressive. It really is a bit of yester-year that is becoming harder and harder to find.
Just know to bring cash and some tune ideas for the organist to play. I'm guessing they'd prefer a little more variety than is usually requested.
Most the crowds (with small kids) tend to eat earlier in the evening, so it's usually pretty spacious in the later hours.
The felt that the food at Organ Stop was just So-So! Nothing special! The Music there is great! You defiantly go to Organ Stop for the Organ! Not the Pizza!
Horrible food (except the garlic bread, that was actually pretty good!).  It's annoying that they only take cash, I feel like this is 1995 again.   It's also annoying you have to go to two sections to order your drinks, you can't order them with your meal.

HOWEVER, it's cheap entertainment.   Have a little kid? Spend $25, take the family here, they will enjoy it.
Great pizza with fresh ingredients. Seriously - we all liked it, and we've had pizza all over the country, including New Haven, CT and Chicago, so we know what we're talking about.  AND... the largest Wurlitzer organ in the world played live by a team of experts, one of which has been taking requests and playing favorite pieces there since the 1970s. Loud, fun, family place with long family-style tables, but with so many seats and such a big staff that you can find a seat and get your food right away. We heard everything from Michael Jackson'sThriller" to 1930s jazz ballads, complete with light show (no extra charge for the music). Pay with cash or check only. Fantastic!
I ate here once for a retirement dinner for a friend, and once was enough.

The place was nasty dirty, the tables (that you eat on....) were the worst.

The pizza was pretty bad ( Eatza Pizza, Ci Cis, etc level) and to be honest I have had frozen pizzas that were better.

I find it disheartening that so many people rate this place based completely on the novelty, as I would rather have great food in a bland place then horrible food in a dirty place with a gimmick. 

With all the diverse places and interesting food choices we have in this city, paying for really bad overpriced pizza in a place that they don't even bother to clean is silly - even if they do have a Organ.

And they only take cash? Seriously? My landscape guy even has a credit card machine in his truck, so why can't this place accept debit/credit?

Bottom line, ignore the novelty - if you want pizza go to Spinatos or Mellow Mushroom.
Can't believe we drive 40 miles for this place. What a joke! They only take cash or check, come-on in 2012, pay the merchant fee and get a credit card machine. Then you have to separately order and pay for food and drink. Yes that's right, go stand in two different lines. No refills on soft drinks, horrible beer selection and the worst BBQ chicken pizza I've had. I didn't know you could screw that up. We came, we tried, we won't be doing it again!
Random, but really cool! Great place to take the kids and keep the whole family entertained. Good place to take out-of-town visitors too. Had the BBQ chicken pizza which was delicious. Will definitely be back again.
I am on a staycation with my wife and 3 of my 4 kids. We were in mesa pondering dinner when I had an aha moment. No not the lame band from the 80s. I remembered Organ Stop Pizza. Neither my wife nor I had been there in years. The pizza was adequate. It was very similar to Peter Piper. The sodas were a bummer. I paid for soda refills. The real reason to be here is the show. The show is fantastic!!!! There is so much to listen to and see. The music tends to be Disney and classical. My boys love giving their song suggestions. It was a wonderful night that I would suggest to everyone. We will be back.
Crass incongruity at its worst. Or best? Is there a difference?
This restaurant features average pizza and a magnificent pipe organ. My parents and I arrived just before the music began, and I was so excited at the prospect of hearing some of my favourite classical pieces.
Oh, I was a fool. 
The organist played marching band music and doo-wop. It was so loud that my deaf parents shut off their hearing aids.
The customers actually interrupted their meals to stand at attention, and then cheered wildly when the organist played "America the Beautiful". My smartass dad asked, "What song is this?" A burly guy with shaved head and shark eyes sitting across from us responded by showing my dad his fist. His entire arm was covered in American flag tattoos. 
An ideal place for the very young, very old, deaf, or fanatic.
Went there tonight with my friend and her two kids. The kids and I had a large pepperoni pizza that I thought was pretty darn good. My friend has spaghetti and she said is was very good.  So is this gourmet? Did we expect gourmet? Of course not, what we got was pretty good food and a lot of fun. The kids thought the music was a blast.  They sang along with the Christmas songs and smiled the whole time. A lot of people on Yelp are complaining because the place only takes cash.  Well, this place has a feel from years gone past with the music and the flavor of the old times. Everything was cash years ago, quit complaining and pay as you eat, don't pay later with interest added on. The evening was a fun time for all of us and the kids want to come back again.
Food was great...
Organ Stop Pizza -- one of my favourite places to go when I'm in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.

First off, don't get me started with all the reviews about the pizza -- its average at best and yes, its expensive.

You don't come here for the food -- you come for the entertainment.  Watching the professionals that play that monster of a Wurlitzer Theatre Organ is what you're paying to see.  The best views and best sounds are on the 2nd floor -- there is no elevator, take the stairs to the left/right.  Also, the large wooden pipes in the back throw out some of the deepest bass I've ever heard and felt.  Its also funny to watch peoples hair literally get blown around by these pipes.  

Again, the pizza isn't the attraction:  its just something nice to snack on while you listen to and watch this amazing machine.
Great entertainment. A must goto at least once and great for out of town guests and kids. Recommend eating a nice meal before and then enjoy some ice cream and entertainment here.
Having read many of the reviews, I expected to enjoy the show and tolerate the food.  Our group was pleasantly surprised to enjoy both the pizza and salad bar as well as some ice cream for dessert..  While I didn't particularly love the music itself, the performance was excellent.  I loved watching the various parts of the organ as it was played, we are looking forward to returning with visiting friends.
Wait staff at the front counter were awful! Not kid friendly in menu choices @ drink counter. Only accepts cash or checks, does not take debit / credit cards. Pizza is below average & over priced.  Caters to white-headed senior snowbirds.  The organ is the obvious highlight.  Stay away during snowbird season or if tour bus is in the parking lot!
Great food, good prices, fun atmosphere!  It does get crowded so expect a little wait.
As everyone has said food is soso but the do have to pump it out fast to deal with the crowds. The show is cool mostly an older crowd it was for my grandmothers birthday. It's funny to watch people try to talk over the music looks like everyone is going in for a awkward kiss. Overall it's a ok place with the fam
CASH ONLY, PRICEY, LEAVE IT FOR THE TOURIST!
Some friends wanted to eat here, because their senior parents love this place and would be dining with us. So we met friends and senior parents here for pizza. Let me just say this was not my thing. 

CRAZY setup, you wait in a line and order your pizza. Then you go wait in a second line to order your beverages (paying separately). Then go sit at school cafeteria tables, in a VERY crowded, VERY loud dining room. Can't talk to anyone, the music is deafening. Packed WALL TO WALL with senior citizens. Which explains the taste.

Now I've had Chicago style, New York style, and even California style pizza. But this pizza is Nursing Home-Hospital style pizza; it's not good, taste a little better than a frozen Red Baron.

Organ music is good, would be better if not SO loud. Would be better if you only waited in one line for food and drinks and paid for them together. If these two things were different, I'd say worth a trip in for nostalgic reasons. Oh and it's CASH ONLY. So stop by the atm and pull out plenty, it's also pricey!!!
If you're looking for some good old vintage music, this is the place!  Not many organs like this left.  Pizza is average, but that's not the point.  Its all about the organ music!
So strictly from an entertainment aspect, Organ Stop Pizza great! It really is a lot of fun. It was something different. The music and....choreography (maybe?) are awesome. Ok, there's no dancing but window slats and lighting and whatever move in time with the music. (Wow, possibly worst description ever. My apologies).
But it's 2013 and a nice venue, but still is cash only? What also makes no sense to me is why I have to order and pay for my food at one register, and if I want a drink, I have to wait in a different line to do a completely separate transaction?
And then there's the food. I read other reviews, ignoring the food, but come on now. IT'S A RESTAURANT! It's 90% about the food and the food sucked. Peter Piper Pizza has better food than this place. There was no redeeming quality in anything we ordered.  They say even bad pizza is still good. Not true. This was the first time in my nearly 33 year existence that I didn't take my left overs home. We had no desire to take them home.
With the music and everything surrounding the Mighty Wurlitzer, I don't understand why they can't charge a few more dollars for better quality pizza. This place would probably be spot on the gourmet pizza, waiters, private tables and booths (instead of school cafeteria style tables/benches).
It's obvious the owners are strictly in business for the money. They're penny pinchers. Why else would it be cash only (no transaction fees), low quality food (costs less to make), picnic bench style seating (cram as many people in as possible) and poor service (cheap labor). I want to go somewhere that wou can taste the owner or chef's passion for the food in the food. 
The only saving grace is the organ. I go to a restaurant to eat. Entertainment is just a bonus. 
I won't be back.
Always a hit with my out-of-town visitors. The musical show always impresses! I like their pizza. The crust is crispy but easy to chew. It comes out of the ovens in about 10 minutes. When you realize you're getting a theater experience plus dinner, the prices are reasonable.  $20 buys dinner and drinks for 2, with a couple of dollars left to tip the performers.
The organists are very professional.  Atmosphere is very casual, like a German beer hall.
Fun, unusual, unexpected treat in the desert.  Bring the kids.
Organ Stop Pizza, this place should be an Arizona treasure.  If they charged just to listen to the music, I would go. This place has the Wurlitzer organ that seems to control other instruments that are hanging all over the place, its amazing. The organ rises up just like in Dr. Phibes!!! 
Who cares about the food, pizza and soda.  Its not about the food.
Suggestion, have a Pink Floyd or Led Zep nite!!!

This should be a historical monument...that's what I think.  Go there and tell me what you think.  Bring cash.
We have a love hate relationship with Organ Stop Pizza.  It's great for unique entertainment and is always a sure bet to entertain company with but, their pizza isn't very good.  It's ok when it first hits your table (watch for your number because you have to pick it up) but if you let it sit for more than 10 min, it's terrible.  Good thing they have a salad bar, ice cream and alcohol to soothe your pizza worries. Still, the organ player is amazing in his playing and talking to the crowd.  We'll continue to go there every year or so but would probably go more often if the pizza was just a little better.  Oh yeah, make sure you request your song before you get your pizza so that you'll have a chance to hear it!  And tip him.
This is a great place for the family! I love that they take music requests as you eat. The puppets, drums, and lights add to the organ experience! Wish it was a little less crowded and more organized (perhaps reservations).
Love the organ...  Sad to see this Arizona historical treasure in such danger of mediocrity due to poor management.  The pizza we had wasn't worth taking home.  I didn't want to insult the cardboard box by putting pizza in it that is more tasteless than  itself.  Fix yer food folks!!!
This is a very cool place to visit every few years.  The kids love it and the food does is as is expected.  It can get a bit crowded and their ordering methods are a bit outdated.  

Make sure that you bring cash!
We love this place! The Wurlitzer is amazing and it even has dancing cats, a quacking duck and bubbles! The pizza is just good but the entertainment value is priceless... Especially when kids or Mom and Dad start dancing. We like to sit upstairs for the viewing.
Having grown up in Mesa, I've been here many, many times. The last time I was here was 15 years ago when I was in high school. Tonight I brought my husband and kids.

The place literally has not changed in all these years. It's crazy! Like a time capsule! These lose a star for me because of their totally antiquated POS system (ok it's not even that, it's a manual old school cash register). It's CASH ONLY. I mean seriously? Also, you have order your pizza in one line and get your drinks in another line, and pay separately. It makes absolutely no sense!

They also lose a star because the pizza is terrible. I mean just awful.

Ok now that the gripes are out of the way...we had a blast! My kids were all smiles, laughing and dancing the whole time. They were fascinated the the huge organ and all the bells and whistles. The dancing cats, the bubbles, the lights! The kids LOVED it! The organist was really good. He played a stunning version of Phantom of the Opera that I loved.

We got the kids ice cream which was only $2 each. Not bad.

Bottom line the entertainment is great, the venue is very casual and super family friendly. It's a great time with the fam. But maybe I'll just get a salad next time.
My grandparents figured I'd like this place because I am a musician, and had never been to an organ stop. First of all. The organ is very cool and interesting to watch while eating here... Kids will love it, as well as the older 60+ crowd.  However, the pizza just isn't that good or memorable in any way, you have to pay cash (which is annoying since I don't carry any these days, and wanted a beer), and they've eliminated servers and make you serve yourself like you're at a hot dog stand or something. Not cool. For the prices they charge, I should get a cute waitress, a really good pizza pie, and a charge for another pitcher of beer on my visa.
If you've read any of these reviews, I'm sure you see the recurring theme- you come here for the experience...certainly not for the food or service. 
One star for the organ- it's truly a thing of beauty. You should wander upstairs while you're there so you can get the full effect. The second star is for the the people who play the organ. They are EXTREMELY talented. When I watch them play, I'm totally in awe. 
Sadly, two stars is the highest I can rate Organ Stop. This is a great place to take out of town guests, kids, or winter visitors. Just don't expect to be wow'ed by anything other than the music. Pizza is not so great, service is just ok, and cash only? Seriously? Plus the way you order is a mess. I wish Organ Stop would make a few updates to make the experience better but since they can make loads of money without changing a thing, I won't hold my breath.
Food....great pizza, excellent salad bar.

Ambiance....this is the best value in all of Arizona. The show is amazing. I have never seen anyone leave this place dissatisfied. 

Staff.....ok.

Verdict.......EAT HERE!!! Take your out of town guests here. From kids to elderly everyone enjoys this place...good family entertainment.
Stay with me, this might get confusing for ya, my daughter (3rd oldest) was in town for the weekend for a visit and my other daughter (2nd oldest) said we should go somewhere where it doesn't matter how loud the kids get, where it's fun and entertains them and allow us to visit and for others to join us, I told her I had my fill of Peter Piper Pizza for the year not going there, she said Mom lets go to Organ Stop Pizza, I laughed, no really I laughed, Organ Stop has never been on my list of places to go and its sort of a running joke on YT,  my daughter then told me that she has been before and my grandson loves it.  Come to find out, most of my kids (have 4 total and not so much on the kid side anymore ranging frm 22 to 17) have been to Organ Stop and do enjoy it. (I fully believe they live a secret life when my eyes were closed, I thought they were out running the streets, but nope it was hanging out at Organ Stop haha) So Organ Stop Pizza was the place picked, time to meet up was a Friday night at 6:30pm. Off we went

We got there a little before 6:30 because wanted to make sure to get tables and set up for everyone, and damn the parking lot is FULL, Yep I was shocked! Didn't know it was such a hot spot to go to.  Prior to coming my (2nd oldest) daughter told me to find tables on the 1st floor (1st floor??? WTH this is a pizza joint right??? 2 floors?) And after walking in I saw what she meant. When you 1st walk in you are facing the menu board to order pizza, I'll get back to that, but if you go to your right you will see the dining room, and low and behold it has 2 floors of seating. 1st floor was completely filled up, so I went upstairs and found us 2 long tables.  Then I stopped and really looked around. 1st observation, DAMN THAT'S A HUGE ORGAN, and not so much a HUGE ORGAN, it's the pipes, they are in the walls, and all over, is this a sound proof building? Can you hear it on the street??  2nd, this must have been an old church, that's the feeling it gives from the 2 floors and seating arrangements.   I have to say hearing scores of the Phantom of the Opera played on that bad ass organ sounded amazing and the light show that went with it, I liked it. 

Ok like I said when you 1st walk in you are faced with ordering your pizza. This is where the place loses points, it's all scattered. In one place you order your pizza and pay for it, then get into another line, order your salad and pay for it, then get into another line for drinks and pay for it.  Why can't it be one stop shopping experience?  Oh and everything is CASH ONLY.  I ordered 1 large Hawaiian, 1 Large Combination, 1 medium Spicy Italian for 54 bucks, then ordered 3 pitchers of soda (MT Dew, Root beer, Sierra Mist) for 15 bucks. I tried the Hawaiian & Combination, the Hawaiian had chopped ham throughout the pizza and good amount of pineapple, the combo pizza wasn't lacking the bell peppers, for that's all I remember from it, but the pizza itself was not that great, it's like Little Creasers pizza but with a car dealership sticker price. 

Do I feel like I got my money's worth? No not really, but what I did get was a meal with all 4 of my kids, 3 of my grandkids, tons of family and friends, some laughter and smiles, and that right there is what counts.   Return factor though is really low.
This was my first time here and will probably be my last time here too.  I will admit that it was a cool place to go to and see the biggest organ in the world.  

The restaurant is two stories; they only take cash or checks for food and drinks. When the organ plays the lights go out and you cannot see your food that you are eating.  :(  Also luckily I had cash that night to pay for our food and drinks.  

Well it was a cool place to go to and see the organ playing.  If the lights stayed on all the time I would probably give it another try.
I finally know the irony behind "Phoenix's most romantic restaurant." If you've ever had the pleasure of asking Yelp Talkers for a suggestion on where to take a first date, second date, anniversary date, valentines date, or date of any type where romance is foremost on your list - you may have incidentally ended up here dressed in your best duds. I fortunately, didn't fall into that particular trap, I did however, show up here cause a friend had some family in town and invited us all out to dine with her.

What fun, I thought, I'll finally get to see what all the hubbaloo is about, I finally get to experience romance at it's finest. Secretly, I never really checked the place out at all, I didn't read about it, I had no real clue as to what this place was. I always just assumed it was some weird mixture of pizza joint, strip club, and themed in hospital recovery room and left it at that. 

Boy was I wrong, and not necessarily in a good way. I will say that this is certainly an experience, one that you'll not have anywhere else, in town or out of town, except maybe unless there's another organ stop pizza somewhere. Touting the worlds largest Wurlitzer pipe organ, the name finally makes sense. Organ has nothing to do with the male organ, nothing to do with greasy pizza stopping your organs as you eat it, nothing to do with stripping, boy was I wrong, but I'm still not sure if I was wrong in a good way or bad.

Either way you 'slice' it, the pizza here is less than mediocre, but the ambiance! The ambiance less than makes up for the mediocre pizza. The thrill of pipe organs lasts only so long, and I think I clocked it at about 3 minutes and 47 seconds, but the kids all seemed to love it. I guess if you've got kids, feel like seeing the worlds largest Wurlitzer in action and in all it's glory, then you know where to go this Friday.

So Phoenix Yelpers, I hope I left you with some insight into Organ Stop Pizza and hopefully you don't get trapped in the age old Phoenix Yelp Talk question of "Where's the most romantic place to take your girl?" because unwittingly, you'll be sent here.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Amazing must see place. Live entertainment and the organ wall is just so cool. I didn't like how it was crowded after only an hour after opening for dinner but its just that popular. I'm sure the food was good but we couldn't find a place to sit and the lines look long for drinks and food too and I didn't see servers
I've been coming to Organ Stop Pizza since I was a kid with my family. The organ music and atmosphere are unique and enjoyable, and I love coming now for those reasons...but the food....not so great. The pizza isn't anything special, not much better than a $5 frozen pizza, and the salad bar is lacking. If they stepped it up on the quality of the food I would probably eat here more often. 2 stars for the awesome entertainment.
At first glance, I wanted to run far away from this place.  I went on a double date and it seemed so loud that we weren't going to be able to talk.  It was packed and there were long lines for ordering pizza.  Be advised CASH ONLY!!  After we ordered our pizza, we scouted out for a table.   If you are patient and wait for the groups to clear out after the music, then it is fairly easy to get a good seat.  All of the instruments around the place were really neat, and they light up when they are being played.  The pizza here was awesome too!!  So, the music that he played....Star Wars theme-which was my second favorite.  The best song though was Phantom of the Opera.  It was memorizing and I fell in love with Organ Stop Pizza at that moment.  I am sure that the man is tired of playing those songs over and over but he was in good spirits and played them with a smile.  
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to go somewhere different and doesn't mind crowds or loud music.  Hell, even if you don't like crowds or loud music (most of the time I don't) I would recommend this place!
We got there early and there was a line to the parking lot to get in. The senior citizens acted like kids by counting the minutes to get in. Three cafe style lines to order food at. These senior citizens jumped ahead of me in the beverage line. The onion rings were good. The pizza was some weird and mixture of blah. It was nice to see the worlds largest organ of its kind. But really, why do senior citizens have to act worse then terrible two year olds. The people under 18 were very well behaved.
-Tourist trap, nothing to special about this place besides a large organ.  

-They don't take credit or debit cards, if they did the line would move faster & more efficient.  

-really annoying you order & pay for food in one line & then have to go to a 2nd line to order & pay for drinks. No refills on drinks. Obviously the owners are tight wads for bit doing free refills & no credit cards. 

-lots of old people, most crabby & inconsiderate.  

-my kids thought it was cool but nothing 

-Staff doesn't go above & beyond. I asked a girl picking up our dishes for a to go box & she said we have them downstairs you can get there.  Gee thanks as I'm sitting there with 2 young kids. 

-Pizza is mediocre. Nothing great

-again just clearly a tourist trap.
I used to go there yearly with the retired in laws. I think they love it. The pizza tastes like it came from a box. Very crowded. Amazing organ player if that's your gig. Everyone should go there once in life, or should they?
We had a great time being entertained while eating a delicous pizza. Yes it was crowd but there is plenty of seating. A special experience.... it is "cash only" so come prepared.  It was a fun time..
We love Organ Stop! When you have friends and family visit this is a great place to bring them!  The pizza and salad bar are pretty good. Great, affordable entertainment. Kids love this place!

If you can, plan to arrive just as a set is ending. It might be easier to find the seat you want. The upper seating area offers a nice clear view of the whole room.

It is cash only. There is an ATM in the lobby.
I really like this place.  It's great to go out with friends and family with their kids and see the happiness of the children as they watch the show. I always get excited when my favorite part, the dancing cats,  come out.  The only thing I hate is that it is cash only.  To not accept credit cards is ridiculous.  I hardly ever carry cash so it is really inconvenient.
Stopped here on a recent vacation to Arizona.  It's one of the places you need to stop at while you're there.  A huge pipe organ playing all kinds of tunes.  The pizza was pretty good but it's more about the experience.  There's two levels so you can sit upstairs and overlook the stage or sit on the ground floor.  Worth a visit if you're in the area.
Well we finally tried this Arizona landmark. Everything that you've heard is true. Food is mediocre, organ and room is entertaining. The building is all pipes! It resembles an Octoberfest Brewhaus, with a balcony, and long tables with seating in the round. You pay cash for your food and wait to see your number on a board. You then go pick it up and walk it upstairs. Not ideal but ok. 

Food was blah. Organist and atmosphere was something we haven't seen before. 

Every one at the table said, so we got this place outta the way. Meaning we've all been trying to experience it. We have. Now we can move on. It's hard to say if I'll go back.
We finally made our way across town to Organ Stop and the drive was totally worth it! The organist is amazing! He does the music all by memory, even the requests. The room alone is pretty cool with all the different instruments to compliment the organ. From Disney to Star Wars to Classical Pieces, my entire family (ages 1-65 years old) enjoyed the experience. They released bubbles during the Little Mermaid's "Under the Sea" which, of course, the kids loved! I'm not sure why people are griping about the pizza though. We thought that the pizza was exceptional and we're pretty picky about our pizzas! We ordered a couple regulars as well as a gluten free pizza for my mom and it was easily the best GF pizza we've had anywhere in the valley (go figure!!) 3 large pizzas plus a small order of fries that was actually quite large, ran about $50, fed 6 adults, 2 kids and provided ample leftovers. It would definitely be cheaper if you're not needing gluten free.

Sure, it's slightly annoying that they only take cash but they do have an ATM in the lobby if you don't plan ahead. The water tasted terrible. (Maybe that's just a City of Mesa thing?) so bring your own or just buy a pitcher of soda for $5.

Aside from those 2 negs., I would definitely recommend Organ Stop and I will most definitely return!
A totally earned one star review.  Avoid this joint if you have children, and here is why:

DESPITE the Az Central 2009 award for "Kid Friendly Destination" maybe somebody from AZ Central should have seen if they have your basic kids cup.  You know, the kind that is not 16oz+ and has an actual lid...

Unless you want your kid wearing their drink, you get the idea.  Now the funny part, when I complained at the restaurant the excuse was "We don't have a license for that type of cup."  Apparently the Pepsi people have to collect some money to allow them to have that type of cup.  If that is true, they should get the license.  Duh...

Of course, when I voiced my displeasure on my check-in, it cross posted to Twitter, and the reply was altogether different.  A 144 character line of baloney about how if they had kids cups, somebody could put beer or wine into it and drive away.    I did not have the heart to tell them that neither their beer, wine or food is good enough to "sneak out" of the premises.  

Seriously, this is about as stupid as a pizza place that does not have a knife for you to cut the pizza for your kid.   Oh wait, here is another miss.  You see, these guys just don't get it.  The organ music is nice, but NOT worth the brain damage of visiting a business run by clowns.
Great music and the pizza has gotten much better over the last few years. If you are looking for great entertainment for "kids of all ages" and quality pizza, this is the place.
A truly unique dining experience! A must for any music lover!

I celebrated my mom's birthday with family and friends. The pizza we had was good. The salad bar was fresh. The ice cream for dessert was premium.

The highlight, of course, was the music. The organist has the capability to play anything. I am sure there are exceptions, but he handled many of the requests we submitted and played music I would have not thought possible with the organ. He played big band music, Broadway musicals, movie music including Disney songs and symphony music, as well as some pop songs (Michael Jackson's Thriller). Music included lights, a cat puppet show for the song "Alley Cat", and even bubbles for "Under the Sea".

Conversation was difficult during the music show, but that's to be expected and did not detract from our enjoyment.

All food/drink purchases are cash/debit only. There is a gift shop with t-shirts, CDs, etc. as well.
Organ Stop Pizza is a childhood favorite of mine. We visited this location as well as the downtown Phoenix location before it for years. Now that I live in the far west valley, it's been, easily 10 years since I last visited OSP.  We happened to be in the neighborhood for a Convention so we brought a large group of friends to experience OSP themselves.

First things first, this place is visited by a lot of retirees. And by a lot I'd say that we were the youngest group there by at least 50 years...and the glares to the kids in our group did not go unnoticed. But our kids are all very well behaved despite the daggered looks from those who forget what it's like to have children. 

Speaking of children, OSP is not very kid-friendly when it comes to certain areas that we apparently take for granted. There are no cups with lids on them at all. We were informed that they need to have a special 'license' for that from Pepsi. This is news to me as I've worked with Pepsi for years and know of no special license. The excuse was that they were afraid that people would take the kid cups, put alcoholic beverages in them and walk out of the restaurant. um...WHAT? Additionally, if you have a child who requires his pizza cut up into smaller pieces, good luck trying to find a knife there. There was 1 and I mean o-n-e (1) butter knife in the whole restaurant that we practically had to sign over our first born child in order to use. I'm pretty sure that the retirees aren't looking to shank each other in the parking lot so to have to play verbal judo with the staff to use a standard utensil was really ridiculous.

The restaurant is now cash-only. This means no debit or credit cards are taken but they conveniently have an ATM machine located in the lobby to not only dispense cash but charge a hefty $3 fee to use. If you want to have a refill on your drink, there is a charge for that too. Buying drinks by the pitcher is fine but it's soda...seriously? The pizza is alright, the salad bar is 1 trip only and is sparse at best. 

The single saving grace of it all is the Organ. The piece de resistance. This is a good thing and a bad thing because given all that I've described, its simply not enough for me to drive an hour out of my way for an otherwise aggravating time between musical sets. While you're there, it makes those aggravating occurrences not quite so bad though because it's such a unique, memorable, interesting experience. I loved OSP as a child and enjoyed so many wonderful, memorable visits. Unfortunately, it's not always enough.
If you go for the pizza you're doing it wrong.  It's not very good.  1 or 2 star pizza at a five star place.  But sub par pizza is still pizza so it ain't all bad.  We got our food really quick and stayed for about an hour an half to watch some kind of mad genius play something that looked liked the cab on an old steam powered locomotive!  He controlled a little mechanical bird that chirped notes to certain songs from that thing!  The future has truly arrived!  Do you hear me?  The future!!!!!
This is not your typical place to go out to dinner. They have a huge organ that a very skilled organist plays about a 15 to 20 minute set of music requests every hour or so. 
Not my first choice for a dinner with family, but they were from out of town and my sister is a music major. Needless to say she loved it. The food is ok.. Nothing to write home about, but you aren't there for the food -you're there to hear the music! Lots of kids lots of seating- I think it it would be hectic if we went on a weekend- we went on a Thursday and seating was easy to find for a group of 5.
One word: Kitsche. I was looking for a fun dinner "experience" to treat my daughter to. This place comes up in every family dining guide and I guess it's because only kids under 7 would not be completely horrified by this place. 

First of all - cash only. You stand in line to order. The food is overpriced and very sub-par. You have to cram yourself in on a bench next to strangers (unless you have a group big enough to take up the whole table - maybe 6-10people?). You will probably lose your seat if you need to get up and order another drink or use the restroom. 

The organ plays... Interesting... Pieces of music. It *is* cool to see how different parts of the room sync with the organ/music as it plays. However it was not worth the overall experience of being smushed next to strangers, overpaying and eating bad food. 

I will admit - my daughter was enthralled by the "finale" song of each set - where they blow bubbles and the disco ball comes out and it's like a 2minute party in the room. But again... Not worth it. It's 2 min of smiles and 60min of torture.
To sum this whole paragragh up......
"BAR" = DUMP, WIFE = SKANKY LESBIAN RUDE BIOTCH, Bands suck, the most sober gets everyone else kicked out...never happens, Cheap for a reason thats the only way they get the money. Spend more get better!

This "Bar" is a dump! The owner's wife is an idiot! She's running this bar to the ground! If you want to have a good night forget going to this bar you'll get nothing but a horriable nightmare! It's not even a biker bar.....maybe if your 60 or older but under the age of 35 don't go! This is a warning! We went one about a month ago and the owner's wife drunk as hell and start's yelling at my wife check this out through the cracks of the bathroom stall telling her not to use all her toilet paper. So we decided we wouldn't go there again, then again we decide it's very dirt cheap so lets go back well last night we did what dumb mistake! We start there with an old crappy band, and then decide lets play pool put 75 cents in the machine, one ball is missing, can't play with one ball missing so we decide oh well lets just play take away the other color ball, we start playing and all the balls got stuck, and the pool sticks had no tips we had to share a stick. When we decided to complain that we couldn't play anymore because the table was broken 1st she decides to say it's not broken I just got this fixed.....well we didn't break it so idiot someone did. While she's away one of my friends decided to get the balls off the table and "punches the balls" she comes out yelling it costed her $600 to get it fixed and was making a big deal over the balls even though thats the whole point your supposed to hit the balls....with a crappy stick! She yells at my friends then comes to me and my wife even though were no where near her and starts yelling at my wife through me. She says everytime you guys come here theres a problem....and includes when you left last time you left trash...oh I'm sorry forgot this was a prissy bar where the owner is LAZY doesn't want to do her job or pay for it.....but she can "FIX" a pool table. I said what? and she keeps going then decides to call me a drunk....when she's the worse person in the whole bar, and I was the D.D. how the hell was I drunk? Then she keeps going when I'm clearly ignoring her so finally I asked why she was still talking to shut up and she said don't tell me to shut up. I told her it's okay you just lost $100+ a night from us so thats fine you'll never see us again so she decides because were leaving to say you guys are 86'ed really? Because your drunk ass can't handle the sitiuation. She ruin's everyone's night even the person that is not saying anything.....She's an old lesbian even though she claimed she's been faithful for 4 years and then asked my wife if she's jealous that she's making out with other woman on the pool tables....that she's mad about I mind you....but she's "faithful" my ass! To finish and sum it up I'd rather pay $6 a beer at the expensive bar's then go here ever again!!
I went to Octane when it first opened and have been there a few times since. I have basically watched this bar turn from a pretty cool local bar into a biker bar and now into a somewhat gangster rap bar.. music so loud that you need to see an ear doctor the next day.. hats tilted on heads, mens pants below thier asses with boxers showing. enough jewelry in human holes to create a strobe light, who can give the dirtiest look competitions.. just ridiculous..bring your numchucks because no one is here to have a good time unless your just as gangster as they are trying to be. But hey, if this is you.. this is your bar.

Ive never ever given a one star review, this is my first. 

 I do like the name of the bar though :)
I really like this bar.

It's nothing fancy, there's no kitchen, and the crowd isn't the prettiest to look at...

But the bartenders seem to genuinely care about customers, the owner seems like a really nice guy who goes out of his way to get to know his patrons, and the beer is always cold.  The prices are good for what you're getting, and the regulars are all very friendly.

If you're in Surprise and you're looking for a place to have a few beers and watch some television, this is probably where you should go.
Used to be a regular at this bar.  They fired Dawn the bartender who was the best worker this bar had.  Will return when she is rehired.
Horrible. All the other reviews are right on par. I have been here 2 times and both times were terrible. Bar tender was oblivious I was there even though there were only 5 other people in the bar. The last time that I was here there were 2 customers smoking weed out in the open near the back door and the bar staff had no issue with it and did nothing about it. This place is total trash
Kinda like this place..... No cuss, no problems.... Free to play pool ! Wooooo hoooo!!!!  Selection of beer but not wine.... Hope they will start to serve champagne , then I would come more often!
Typical divebar. Punk rock crowd. It's located in an industrial park area of town. 
Not the best location. Looks to have recent addition of backroom. Backroom has no character. Feels like a hotel ballroom. Come on guys.... Invest in some stage lighting. Overall..... Don't expect much. Nonsmokers need not enter.
It's kind of a sketchy looking place when you walk in. Few pool tables and some neon beer signs. The sort of place where you would expect Patrick Swayze to walk in and start beating people over the head with que sticks. 

The bar girls are very friendly and the man cans of Pabst are only $3.50 (Booya!). 

The stage area in the back feels more like a class room but that's cool. Once in while they bring in some decent comedy. 

And my personal favorite from my last visit was the creepy dude in the corner with a briefcase. Yeah a real briefcase. Seriously, what's in there? Scarface phone? A bunch of coke? Briefs? The curiosity was killing me but I couldn't muster up the strength to actually find out. Maybe next time, guess I'll have to go back.
I will go for Las Vegas Burlesque Live! Otherwise, getting a drink from that lame chick, Marie, is like delivering bad news to someone who's cat just got ran over. What really pisses me off, is the last time I was there, I asked for a cup of water. It was loud due to the live band playing. She brought me a bottle. I politely told her a cup would be fine. The look that bitch gave me...I wanted to slap it right off of her face. First of all, it's your f'n job. Second, I have worked in this biz for over 15 years and I appreciate an upsale. The bar was busy, so it really wasn't necessary. Third, Don't assume a bottle is what I wanted. And then get pissed because I didn't want it after we just bought 5 drinks. You are lame and I will tell everyone I know about you. The owner is super friendly and gets it. She knows what she is there for. I think Marie needs a hug. Even so, it probably wouldn't change her rotten attitude. A few months back, before leaving, I came up and left a tip for the night. It was pretty big. Do you think I got any love? So I haven't left a tip since and she just reinforces my decision. Yay for Cha Cha's Burlesque shows! Boo for the bitter bartender. I'll just wait and go somewhere else, like Frankie's, where I get treated better. Thanks! But NO THANKS! Lame.
Hellz, yeah, Boomers!

Who doesn't like boobies??  You can't find that person.  I challenge you!

Live Burlesque has their monthly show here and it is fantastic!  I like that you can reserve a booth so you can feel like a big shot Rat Pack member whilst watching the sparkly ladies take off their unmentionables!

Drinks are totally reasonable.  Not over-priced like you'll find on the strip!

Come to the Halloween show!  Yours truly will be performing along with a stellar cast.  A good time will be had, for certain!
Came here for New Years Eve and the burlesque show. It was a really great time. This place is a total dive bar, but I like my bars divey. The burlesque show was very good, very funny and the room is small enough where most seats are good seats.

This has been mentioned in other reviews, but the Boom Boom Room (where the burlesque show is) is quite small. So get there early unless you want to sit in the back.

The crowd was lively and fun. I had no problems with the service either, everyone was really great.  There isnt much around here though, I don't live in Vegas, so I couldn't tell you whats even close. Its like a totally random business area. 

I wish they had the show more then once a month tho! :(
Nothing to complain about.  Went down for a comedy show on Sunday, I think they do it every Sunday...if they do, YOU NEED TO CHECK IT OUT.  Booya and his crew are the business.  Only $2 enterance fee.  Bartender was really cool...what was her name...

Game of pool?  Totally in.  You'll probably lose your dollar the first try, but the bartender will definitely toss you a bill to replace it.
Also, they've got a new school Juke Box.  Righteous!!
Same here, nothing to complain about. I really like the location of this bar. It's tucked away just West of the strip in a dark area with the Vegas lights in full sight. Perfect place to chill and get a few cold ones in before going inside. 

I been here a few times all for bands coming through town. They have a nice little set up inside with a back room and small stage for the bands. 

It's been a few months since I been here but I'll definitely be back when another worthy name comes through.
I'll support any quality metal band that travels over 6,150 miles into the hot desert, so last night I came here again just for that. This time around it was Romania's Negura Bunget. 

Every year there tends to be more shows around May, June and July. You can thank the huge music fests that are coming up within the next couple months, i.e. Maryland Deathfest, Central Illinois Deathfest, Chaos en Tejas, etc. A lot of the bands are actually from overseas and don't tour the states that often. So if you can't make it to one of these festivals, you still have a chance to see some bands that take advantage of being state side and tour. 

On a side note, some more bands touring as of right now: Nasum (Sweden), The Devil's Blood (Sweden), Demonical (Sweden), Church of Misery (Japan) and Horna (Finland) to name a few. 

The place was the busiest I've ever seen it. There was only 1 bartender working so the wait for drinks was longer than usual. I seen about 10 different kinds of beer on tap. Domestic pitchers were $12 and $16 for imports. 

I had a good time largely due to friends and the live music. Negura performance was on point. A Black Metal band with traditional Romanian folk instruments would be my brief description. Being in the position to see them again within a few weeks in Maryland is definitely a plus.
I only went for an event in the back room. As I pulled into the parking lot, I saw a woman trying to cross the area in front of me. I flashed my lights and she started to approach my car until she saw I was a woman. So...  hookers in the parking lot? For me as a one year resident in Vegas, i was disappointed by the area and the lack of any kind of security present to disallow things like that. But it seems to have a very specific event following for certain burlesque and comedy shows which are in the back room. Other than that it's a pretty empty beer bar. Yikes.
I've been here a couple of times for some comedy shows.  The drink prices are great.  The back room is a good size room for a comedy show.  The sound and lighting are great for this type of audience.   It's nothing fancy but does the trick.  I haven't had the food but the serving sizes looks plentiful and I haven't heard any thing bad about the food.
My 1st visit and of course it was a Saturday night for the monthly burlesque show.  I had NO idea it would be as packed as it was, but also didn't think I would have such a blast either.
The bar itself is huge with plenty of seating, pool tables, darts and a stage. The bar itself is long with tons of stools and room to order drinks. The bartenders were very busy, but managed to make almost everyone happy (there is always that one guy) and the prices are pretty reasonable.
The burlesque show is in the back room. The seating was, limited and if you do find a seat your lucky. We could have reserved a VIP booth for $100 prior, but didn't think it would be worth it...it would is!  I would however suggest you don't get one in the back as everyone else standing will be in front of you.
Over all, fun bar and good crowd. We hung around for an hour or so just talking and relaxing at the bar.
Oh...parking is a bit crazy on busy nights and street parking is allowed. Just watch for the red zone on the one side.
I usually only go to Boomer's when they are having an event in their back room (mostly the amazing burlesque shows held there).  Parking is not an issue as they have a lot, plus ample room on the street. I am not a drinker, but have noticed that the bartenders are very prompt and courteous, and prices reasonable. The men's bathroom is clean and well-stocked.  Plenty of tables, plus they have pool and a few other bar-type activities.  One of my favorite things to do is walk up and down the metal steps on the East side of the building.  They look like they've been taken from a ship or something.  The bottom step is a bit bowed, so be careful with that one.
This was a very nice chill bar. I went on a Sunday for the comedy show which was unfortunately cancelled. Yet 4 comedians showed up and the owner allowed us to put on the show without the regular host. One of my friends took over the hosting and we had a very funny comedy show. The drinks at the bar are well priced not too expensive. 
They have a kitchen that's separately owned but it's good. The food is good. Not blow your socks off good but it definitely did not disappoint. 
They also put on a burlesque show every last Saturday of the month
umm, they are open 365days 24/7..ok, disregard the previous comment.  This bar is not open 24hrs, my bad.  I only come here on Sunday's, they have open mic comedy hosted by DAT DUDE DONNIE, right now you can catch DAT DUDE every Friday night hosting and headlining at Sapphire's Friday Comedy  Hour.  (Sounds like I'm a promoting him, hmm) ok, so I am just a little.  Oh yea, this is a review about the bar huh? 

This is a old school bar, off in the cut.  Cheap drinks and even cheaper laughs.  The bartender LISA is really, really cool.  Please tip Lisa if you do happen to take a trip on the wild side and experience BOOMER'S.  I don't know what it is like during the other days of the week, but Sunday is a Adventure and she's bartending SOLO up in there.  

No real pizzazz here, a couple of pool tables, dim lights, chairs and bar stools.  

BE WARNED: the bathroom stall door in the ladies restroom sticks.  I promise (and I'm laughing as I type this) my friend got stuck in the bathroom for like 15mins.  She couldn't text me because she left her phone w/ me.  When she came out of the restroom she hits me on the shoulder and says: "B!tch, didn't you hear screaming your name? I was stuck in the bathroom"  My response was: "No hag, I was wondering what was taking you so long"

hahahahahahahaaaaa, I don't care, that is still funny till this day and that happened like 6months ago.


Overall Boomers is an ok spot..

 but this is only my opinion, check it out for yourself

Dee :-)
Boomers! What! Cam here for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and I will be back for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and the cheap drinks! 

An average divey, hole in the wall, down to earth bar. Good size bar and seating area, they have a couple pool tables and I think a dart board. Their Lagunitas IPA is $3.50! And you can start your drinking with the free Bud or Budlight with your Yelp check in. Crown or Jack(I can't remember what the BF ordered) was $4-4.50. Not bad either way. 

Come to the Christmas in July Burlesque show on July 26th. You're in for a treat!
The Cheyenne's been around for a while now.  At first it was mainly a country and western bar and restaurant.  I remember my friend dragging me here when I was 14, kinda goth, and she wanted me to learn line dancing.  Oh, that was mortifying.  Hilarious in retrospect, mortifying in the moment.

Now it serves as mainly just a bar and music venue.  For a small local place, the stage ain't too bad.  For the type of music they bring in (X107.5ish sounding stuff, for the most part) they do a good job, although if you're not into it I doubt you'd stay long.  

Service tends to be quick even if the bar's packed and the prices are reasonable.

I come out to see my friends' bands and that's pretty much all that would get me out there.
The Cheyenne is definitely way out there - in the northern part of Vegas.  We found ourselves here because of a local band playing - The Day After.  Cover charge was $10, which was a bit steep for a dive bar.  (I think they had a major act coming up, but we didn't stay for it.) 

Tons of parking here, a pretty long bar to work with, and a few pool tables that occupy the space as well.  Walk down a step and there's a dance floor in front of the stage.  More of a place for bands to perform than anything.  And yes, it can be deafening here.

Prices could be cheaper - $6 for a whiskey and water.  I didn't really peruse the drink selection, but another friend wasn't too impressed with their well drink choices.

Women's bathrooms were surprisingly clean - well lighted with toilet seat covers, toilet paper, hand soap and hand towels.

You'll probably only come if there's a band you've been watching out for.
Went here on a Thursday night to hear a few local bands play. The sound in here is killer, great place for the heavier acts to play in.

Yes its up in North Las Vegas, but a good show is a good show. There is tons of parking and a Micky D's in the same parking lot if you are looking for cheap eats before or after you hit up the bar. This night I just stuck with pitchers of beers with friends so I can't really comment on how much they charge for mixed drinks or the quality. 

All I know is that I will return to the Saloon for more shows because this place is great for that local band feel and sound that I have been missing.
The Cheyenne hosted the first Doom in June festival. Awesome staff and the sound setup was great. Pitchers flowed cheap. We drove all the way from the San Francisco bay area and will be back next year for Doom 2. Cheers to saloon for hosting all of us!
Not amazing but looking for a dive differently a place to check out!
My first review, so I'll start with a place I'm familiar with. 

The only time I go to the Cheyenne Saloon is for shows, particularly underground metal shows. During my time of 2 1/2 years here, I seen performances from Sadistic Intent, Monstrosity, Master, Vital Remains, Dreaming Dead, Goreaphobia, Deceased, Gravehill, Diabolic... all of which are well respected in the metal community. Now back to my review. 

I think this place is perfect for shows. Personally, I like a bar setting for shows. I'm also not a fan of the stage being close to the entrance, not the case here at the Cheyenne. I'm not too sure about their bar prices because I don't drink when I'm going as just me and when I do drink, it's more of me to congregate in the parking with fellow show goers with store bought beer. The bouncers there are pretty laid back and not too critical when the place gets rowdy up front. 

My only gripe with this place is the smoke and pool tables. This place gets pretty smokey and your clothes stink after wards. As for the pool tables, they could use some leveling. I would comment about the bathrooms but do you really expect a nice bathroom in any bar that has these type of shows? 

Words of advice. Bring your ID, you will be carded. 

So if you see a show in town you want to check out here, don't hesitate to check the place out.
This is the first place in Vegas that let me book my shows. They started it all for me. I like this place but never work things out with them where it profits us to play here. the bands love this place and beg to play here. They get some huge acts sporadically coming through here also. The drinks are affordable and the sound is excellent for a medium sized club. I will always like this place and support them, long live The Cheyenne Saloon!!! "PAN"
Love this place!!  Close to home, inexpensive, dive bar with pool tables, dart board, decent tunes and friendly bar keeps! (shout out to Chance!)  Just what we've been looking for!!  Felt like home.  I just wish there were more local punk shows.  Seems like your choices are Metal, Hip Hop or Country. We went there today to do a little re-con to see if it is a place we'd like to go when there is a band we like playing... and were so pleasantly surprised to find out that on Sundays the Pool tables are OPEN!! aka FREE.... Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!!  Top that off with a Pitcher of Fosters for $7.00 and they just bought themselves loyal return customers!!  So what if I,m cheap... I ain't easy!
Awesome local bands, and great prices on drinks.
This place is Ghetto and in the Ghetto!! But its the only venue that has  Death Metal concerts which out weights all its cons! Bartenders are cool and friendly tho!
While I am not too big a fan of the dive bar scene, this is a good place to catch a local show.  A friend's hubby is in a band, and they frequently perform here, so I came here for two of his shows.  

Wow, this bar is roomy!  I am used to cramped dive bars, but this place is quite large, with lots of room even away from the "concert floor".  They have a couple pool tables and a couple of arcade games, though those tend to be blocked by an engineering booth during live shows.  There is a pit in front of the stage which acts as a concert floor.   I can't comment on the drinks since both times I came I was a sober driver.

The sound is crisp and clear, and while it is a smaller music venue the audio never feels like it's going to blow your eardrums to South America.  If you stand near the bar or pool tables, you can even have a reasonably audible conversation.  Shows do have cover, but the prices are very reasonable, and you can often get presale tickets for less if you know anyone in the bands.

I do have one large pet peeve with shows in this venue: they never start on time!  They go by what I have effectively dubbed "Cheyenne Saloon time", in that all shows start one hour AFTER their scheduled start time.  The second time I came here, my friend's band was third on the lineup, and the first band started just after 10 PM.  They eventually went on at like 1 in the morning, and by then we were all burnt out and just wanted to go home (the second band was awful, and were on stage for about an hour compared to most other bands who play for around 30 mins).  Please start on time!

Secondly, since I wasn't drinking alcohol, I wanted an energy drink.  They didn't have Red Bull, but they had some generic brand that I never heard of.  The can still cost five or six bucks!  Are you kidding me?  Some of the domestic beer costs less than that, and it's not even Red Bull!  Non-alcoholic drinks SHOULD NOT cost as much as an import brew.  Makes it harder to want to be a DD, le sigh.

By the way, someone scratched a passage from the Book of Revelation in the bathroom, and it's filled with typos.  That's annoying to this English major, so fix it!

Personally, I don't like watching concerts in bars, preferring an exclusively music venue like The Farm, but it still is a good place to catch a show, and I will probably find myself coming here again for other shows.

PROS:
Big and roomy for a dive bar
Clear audio that doesn't sound too loud or distorted.  
Good setup for shows

CONS:
Generic energy drinks are pricey for this DD!
You'll come out smelling like a human sized Malboro
Shows start late!  

THE VERDICT:  Good live music venue, but not a favorite of mine.  I'll occasionally come back.
OK so it's a dive...that happens to have live bands playing, and I was there for Jungle Rot and Immolation!
Beer prices are very fair,even on weekends, but don't expect premium drafts. They have a few of those available in bottles,but seeing as how I'm watching my weight, I settled for a $4 Miller lite!
Had a great time at the show, as I always do. Never tried their daily drink specials, but I have bought pitchers here. Again, fair prices.
Here's my favorite part: it's close to Savers! I can go thrift store shopping then go get a drink and watch a show,love!
I went to Cheyenne Saloon for a concert on Halloween night, 2011.  What a night that was.  The show was supposed to start at 9:00.  It started closer to 10:00 with local band Kreep.  They were great.  The sound was aweful but that was no fault of the band.  They were getting frustrated by it and had to cut their set short.  This sentiment was echoed by the next band (whose name is not worth remembering) and the headliner, the legendary and surprisingly unknown Anvil.  When all was said and done, I had been taken from Monday evening to the early hours of Tuesday morning.  It was a crazy fun night.  I love a good rock show.   The sound may have been horrible.  The air may have been saturated with cigarette smoke.  The drinks may have been pricey.  The point is, it was a fun and intimate setting for such music.  By intimate I mean small enough that there is a very real chance you will get to meet the bands and have a drink with them.  I met Kreep through a mutual friend.  He met Anvil by staying a while after the show.  If you are a metal head like me.  If you appreciate the unknown garage rock sound.  If you don't mind a somewhat dirty and sketchy environment, by all means check out Cheyenne Saloon.  It can be fun.  Just don't expect too much.
I must make this clear at the beginning of the review...I'm not reviewing the Cheyenne Saloon as a bar, but as a concert venue. I don't drink at all, so I couldn't even begin to expound on whether or not the drinks are worth the money or not or if their selection is anything to write home about. This is all about the musical side of this particular place.

The Cheyenne Saloon is a fantastic shithole. It's situated in a not-so-great part of town in the furthest corner of a nondescript strip mall on the corner of Cheyenne and Rancho. You would never think that it would be such a great place to see a show, but the bottom line is that it's perhaps one of the most intimate venues in town AND the shows are usually dirt cheap (Anywhere between Free and $25).

Recently, the stage area was given an overhaul and the room looks fantastic compared to how it used to look. The stage is much more wide open and the ceiling has been gutted and re-worked so it's much higher and less claustrophobic. Unfortunately, the air conditioning is actually worse than it was before...so the place usually becomes a sweatbox by the middle of the show. 

The pit in front of the stage is about two feet lower than the main floor of the venue and enclosed with a small fence, so it's quite easy to avoid the maelstrom that sometimes erupts in front of the stage simply by staying on the main floor. It's sort of a nice feature, as it becomes frustrating when trying to watch a band, manage a beverage and make sure no one is careening towards you from the mosh pit.

The only real downsides to this joint are the somewhat rowdy clientele and the pervading smell of smoke throughout the entire venue. You DEFINITELY can plan on washing your clothes the night after a show if you want to completely get the smell off of you.

Despite these few downsides, this place is really a paradise for fans of metal music. While they do have the occasional punk show, this place tends to lean towards bringing in national 90s metal bands as well as heavier local acts. It's pretty neat to see bands that use to headline House of Blues and Ozzfest up close because nine times out of ten they come off of the stage and hang out afterwards...great photo opportunities and autograph signings may ensue.

Just so you can get an idea as to some of the acts they've had in this venue, here's some of the bands I've seen come through the Cheyenne Saloon:

Mushroomhead
Powerman 5000
Fear Factory
Soulfly
Paul D'ianno & Blaze Bayley (ex-singers of Iron Maiden)

Not at all a bad place for a heavy music fan to be. Check out their show schedule!
I reviewed this once and yelp removed it because, they said, it didn't include a first hand experience.  so, here's my review with a first-hand experience.  I went there...and it was a filthy dump.
Very slow service. Stood at the bar for 20 min before getting served. Finally got my drink & it was served to me in one of those small plastic juice glasses! That sat empty for awhile before anyone noticed. Finally got the bartender's attention & ordered another. This time he took my glass, with some water in the bottom (melted ice) & added stuff to it & served it to me that way! I just looked with a shocked expression & he asks me "What? You don't want it?".
It had been YEARS since I'd been in there. Only went because a friend's band was playing. That will be the only thing that gets me back in that place.It's a shame the sound guy couldn't get it right. They no longer serve food either.  Apparently the new ownership hasn't made a difference.
First visit and didn't even know the place was there till just last week when I joined a pool league and was given the location.  What can I say about the place, it's a typical bar from what I've seen so far.  It had a decent beer and drink selection, friendly staff (Cali the bartender was great) and decent seating.
The majority of the bar is for pool tables, with an area off to the side for concerts it appears.  Everyone was talking about the last concert and said it was great.  I could see why, but haven't been to one, so can't rate it that way yet.
The other patrons were friends and fun bar folk.  I could tell there were some regulars there, but it seemed to have a good mix of everyone.  The ratio of women to men was horrible, so if you are looking to meet women there I wouldn't suggest going on a Tuesday night at least.
I didn't see a menu so I don't think they served food, but the beer was cold and cheap.  The bar was pretty smokey, and I'm pretty sure I was the only one not smoking the whole evening.  It's a bar, people smoke, so if you don't like smoke...this isn't the place for you.
I will be back...have pool league there every Tuesday for the next 3 month, so as I learn more, I'll post more.
Place has seen better days, but at least they've upgraded the sound system.
I've been shooting pool in this place for years.
In fact, within the past few years they upgraded their tables to Diamonds, which are my favorite tables.
The owner is very friendly and I can't remember a night that I've been there and not seen him, which is uncommon for a lot of pubs in this area.
It's a shame that their kitchen shut down after the smoking laws came into effect, because the food was pretty good.
They have video poker, a nice (but often too loud) jute-box and a rather substantial dance-floor and stage.
They also have bands in there regularly on Fri. and Sat. nights (but they're also a little too loud for me...I'm old).
I know the place inside and out, and when I'm there, I usually know most of the other people in there as well.
But I've seen people walk in there for the first time, and they seem to just blend in like family.
That's the atmosphere...It's welcoming.
Simple bar, nothing too special. I went for a event to watch some bands and had a good time but not a place I would come back to. Only person that was cool was the door man. Watch some people playing pool and grab some drinks.
Hard to decide what to rate this place.

We drink, and now that they added food offerings we eat,  and shot some pool, but we came for the live music.

Last night Feb 13, we went to see a real good local band called Resurrection LV that we saw first at Las Vegas Country Saloon and also at the Dive Bar.

We paid $5 each to get in. Worth it because Resurrection was awesome, and we also liked the band after them from Oregon called Buckle Rash.  

We definitely will see Resurrection again, they have a show March 15 back at Cheyenne, and we are going to check them out at the new BB's Clubhouse over on Boulder Hwy on March 11th No cover and its Biker and Ladies Nite, and maybe at Dive Bar again on March 13. 

Back to review of Cheyenne Saloon - its got a good sound system, not that I'm an expert, but it sounded good. The sound guy was funny and the door guy was nice. The bartender was cool.
\m/   \m/   I may look like an accountant or IT guy but at heart I'm really a metalhead! Now granted, I've only lived in LV for a year and a half but as far as I can tell, this is pretty much the epicenter of the metal scene in this town. So far I've only been here once but I definitely had a great time and I'll definitely be back! Huge Fosters cans were $5 which I thought was a pretty good price during a show. I must add that for a smaller club, the sound here is quite high quality. Some could argue that when a band like Cattle Decapitation is doing their thing, PA quality wouldn't matter, but I disagree. Despite the massive sound and huge vocal range, I couldn't hear any distortion (guitars of course withstanding) ;).
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for quite some time seeing as I frequent this saloon often when I go to see bands perform.

I give this place a 'one star' because well...it's horrible.


The drinks are some of the worst drinks I've ever consumed. I ordered a long island and got syrup and water. It was disgusting. They don't have a great beer selection by any means unless you favor the more commercial pisswaters, such as bud, bud-light, bud-extra-light...lime? Anyway...

When bands play live, the sound system that they have don't do them any justice. Pentagram played there recently and even Bobby Liebling complained quite a few times during their set. Every band I come to see complain about the horrible sound "system" they have to endure. The way they handle shows is not the greatest, with promoting, the amount they charge, the sound. This venue is thee worst possible place to have a band play.

Besides the place being a ghetto-styled, dirty cesspool, I would never come here willingly if it weren't for the bands that have no other choice but to.
I just saw Sacred Reich here and I really liked the place. Yeah, it's a little dive bar, but that's exactly what I expected. The sound is pretty good, they have pretty decent specials on your standard beers  and the bartenders didn't try to act too hip to serve you. There are a few pool tables and a kitchen, too (pizza, I think).  That's about all you can really ask for, in my opinion. I dig the separate, sunken area in front of the stage too. It keeps the pit contained and allows an extra couple of feet viewing space for people a little farther back.  It seems to be mostly smaller/local, hardcore metal bands, so if that's your thing, I recommend this place. Again, a dive bar in a sketchy shopping center, but a really good place to see a smaller-level metal show. Check it out.
I used to come here back in the 90s when this was a great bar.

Well it's no longer the 90s and it's no longer a great bar.
Nice burgers, Irish beer, and the World Cup soccer is on TV - all v. good. 

We skip expliring the rock formations of Sedona, to get further along. The limit is 75, yay. I-5 in California needs this to prevent falling asleep at the wheel.

There are plenty of Adopt a Highway signs, with a cactus giving us the finger up. Finally on the approach to Phoenix, we get to see the famous Arizona jungle-gym cactuses. 17st 16 east blah, the road signs are as confusing here as ever, but luckily you can see the skyscrapers, so you can roughly pick an exit.

Phoenix is another surprise after driving through the desert, a handsome, clean city.
I can never quite decide how I feel about Seamus'.  On the one hand, the bar is well stocked with Irish beers on tap and all the associated "Look we're Irish!" crap, just like Rosie McCaffrey's.  From first impressions, I thought it was an iffy place trying a little too hard, but I must confess that I've spent some great nights holed up with a load of friends drinking in one of the corner booths.

Prices are pretty standard, around $5 for an import pint.  The food is good and they tend to keep the kitchen open fairly late (10:30 or so).  

Still, the overall impression is of a place that's uncomfortably straddling the line between bar and restaurant.  Not quite homey enough to feel like a real Irish pub and without the eccentricities of the Bikini Lounge or even Bar Bianco.  Not really close to Casey Moore's or Rula Bula in terms of Irishness.
The place seem to ONLY serve as a quick stop for people attending a downtown event to get a drink or two prior to the event (The Dodge Theater, Suns or Diamondbacks).  Crowds come early and leave soon there after ... some may return after the event but I wouldn't count on it.  The peeps are either sports fans and/or music fans that enjoy seeing a show sitting down in a cushy seat (i.e. The Dodge Theater).  The fish dinner is good and Brittany the waitress even better (I'm a "big fan") ... but all-in-all ... not my cup of tea.
I can't think of an easier bar to go to. It always has a bizarre-if-nothing-else kind of crowd and the extensive scotch list is great for an adventure. It's also a great place to bike to if you live in the hood. The bartenders remember names in a cheers-esque manner and are quick with your next drink. Also, they leave you the hell alone if you're knee deep in conversation. 

Minus a star because of both bathrooms smelling of a variety of bodily functions generally displeasing to the olfactory functions.
I have read a couple other reviews on this pub and I have to chuckle a little at some of the comments, one person even said it is not Irish enough.  Pardon me if I seem a little defensive but I have been going to this pub for years.  The person who created this pub could not be anymore Irish and even though Seamus is no longer the owner (he sold it to Frank his long time lead bartender several years ago) I can tell you it is still the same place.  

I have to admit it is not uncommon for there to be a lot of patrons that are not necessarily there for the pub aspect as they are just looking for a drink before or after an event downtown.  That said the atmosphere has a lot of character being attached to a historic hotel, it has that vibe only an old building can have.  There are even some fun urban myths that go along with it.  Some people say the hotel is haunted and the pub is not immune from those rumors, just ask some of the women who have used the restroom upstairs.  For some reason I don't know of anything being said about the men's room that's right across the hall.  I have not heard anything too crazy I just think some women get themselves psyched out about the rumors before they even go up stairs.  

Ultimately this is one of my favorite pubs and it's also one of the best places to be on St. Patrick's Day when they close the street off in front of the pub.  It is a surreal scene to see people partying at 8AM in the middle of the street in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  I hope to see you all there.  Slainte
My real complaint with this place is the set up.  Its organized far too much like a restaurant and not enough like a pub, which sucks when all you want to do is cozy up to the bar and all the stools are taken.  The beer selection is fine, pretty typical, though i haven't dabbled in their scotches.  Just not the type of place I'd want to drink fine scotch, anyway.

Their smoking patio is cool if you get a sizable group together and you can complain about how dead downtown is and be irritated by the construction of Monroe 44.  

I think once their highrise neighbor is established this bar will get much more lively and won't have that dreaded "am I the only person drinking in downtown" feeling that i always get there.  

As mentioned on this page, its a good spot to grab and drink and go but not really a place to blow it out all night.
Great little (maybe I should say really little) Irish Pub with great food.
If you are a Jameson Irish Whiskey fan like me, this is the place.
They serve 18 year old Jameson and it is amazing.
The fish and chips are really good, too.
They have a good beer selection, one you would expect from an Irish pub.
There are live bands that play traditional Irish music, a cozy dining room and patio tables and chairs right outside if you prefer to smoke and drink.
The service has always been good and the staff is pretty friendly.
Parking is a little tough sometimes since it is right downtown.
Seamus' is always a great time, friendly crowds and great drinks.
I've just got to say .... Service (or lack thereof) can have such a huge effect on an experience and the way you forever remember that place. 

Last night I was at the opening night of DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE. After spending about 30 minutes at the cast party, my friends and co-workers decided to wander elsewhere for another drink (or two). A few suggestions were tossed out, ranging from sports bars to hotel bars, but I recommended Seamus McCaffrey's and held to my suggestion strongly. So off we went. 

The times I have been there before were fine. Great. Lovely. No complaints.

Then last night we had the most grouchy waitress I have ever met in my life, both in person and created by a writer on TV or in a movie. Seriously. She was so completely unaccomodating and rude, that I don't think I will ever think of Seamus McCaffrey's the same way. 

Isn't it odd how one experience can affect them all? 

It really is a fun place to go for a drink, so please do try it out. And, there was great live music last night that I enjoyed immensely.
With the two restaurants closest to the Dodge Theatre not serving alcohol (you know who you are....bastards!),  finding Seamus McCaffrey's before the Margaret Cho show was like finding an EZ Bake Oven under the tree Christmas morning. Complete joy! I really don't know downtown so when we turned the corner and saw a bunch of smokers shwilling pints on the sidewalk, we ran like school girls chasing Zac Efron. Quickly and with our tongues out. We were thirsty and ready to catch a buzz before the show. Inside it was sort of narrow with a long bar on one side and scads of tables throughout. We spied an open table on the "patio" and were told we could nab that and our server would be right out. And she was. Delightful and speedy. We ordered two Stellas and a couple shots. Didn't see any food, but perused a pretty big menu. Usual fare with approachable prices. Thank you, though, Seamus, cuz the group on the "patio" was much more entertaining than Ms. Cho!
I don't drink... but Seamus' is an alright place in my book.  We dropped in after a DBack's game the other night, and I was seriously about to chew off my own arm I was so hungry (and nothing else was open within walking distance... at 10pm... after a baseball game...in the 5th largest city in the nation. Seriously people.).  

Seamus' came through for me though - even though the kitchen was about to close and they were only serving apps... I was able to find something veg to eat - Potato Skins, sans bacon.

The service was acceptable overall, but the waitress went out of her way to make sure that I was happy.  When the skins came out with bacon, she had the kitchen remake them right away.

I had to knock off one of the stars because Seamus' is a little bit dirty.  Old bar dirty, not anything to be completely grossed out over... but still.

Go here.  If you drink, have a pint.  Try some food (if you get there early enough).
Seamus is a dive hole in the wall. I have been drinking there for almost a decade. Everything is overpoured, and you can fall off a barstool here and nobody will care. I've seen fights break out, been in fights, lost wallets on the walk home, etc. That said... it's my kind of place, just crappy enough to be awesome. I don't recommend the food, but if you want to go out with friends and really tie one off this is the place!
Awesome wings!  They're big and meaty, cooked to our specifications of crispy and with a really good spicy/vinegary sauce.

Actually I don't think I've ever had a bad meal at Seamus's.  It's not fancy, it's just a bar with a sampling of American and Irish food.

Service is always good.  They have a variety of booze and beer from Ireland, as well as crap beer for lame people who would dare step foot in an Irish pub and order something that isn't a Guiness/Harp/Smithwick's.  And I've had many good times at this place over the years.
Great place for Happy Hour,  specially for the downtown folks.  The bartender are not frugal with the spirits when it comes to mix drink if you know what i mean.

For Lunch time, I recommend the Shepard's Pie or the Fish and Chips and stay away from the Mushrooms for some reason their chef's cannot Fry this bad boys properly.
Run of the mill Irish bar, but with a friendly bartender and cheap shots. Most of the customers seemed pretty drunk. There are not many nighttime options in downtown Phoenix so this had to do.
Note: didn't eat here, only drank

My boyfriend talked my ear off about this place for like a month before we came to Phoenix.  I have to say, he talked it up just a liiittle too much.  But it is a special place for him, so I'll forgive.

The place was small and not fancy---just how I like it.  Service was good---meaning I just got off a plane and wanted to get drunk fast and they made it happen. 

And great live music!  Carla will return.
Absolutely love this place.  Frank, the owner, bought the place from Seamus, who went on to start Rosie McCaffrey's.  You won't find a more authentic Irish pub in Arizona.  Plenty of choices for beer on tap, although no domestic beer on tap.  If you go, get the fish & chips or the shepherd's pie.  If Andy is tending bar, you'll be well taken care of.  Check out Andy's authentic collection of police patches around the bar area.
I definitely don't make special trips downtown to have a pint here anymore, but if I happen to be in the area for a night, then I will generally stop in. It's not the nicest "pub" in town, but it's cozy. The food isn't fabulous, but the wings are pretty good and as far as bar grub goes, it actually isn't bad. The staff is usually quite nice and if you happen in more than once, they seem to remember you, which is a huge plus in my book. But the best part of any visit is the people watching. There is literally a cross-section of the entire Phoenix area crammed in to this one little spot. And I love that there is absolutely not one pretentious bone in the whole place. I spent one night there on my hands and knees helping my friend find his tooth (literally it popped out like 5 times) and no one even gave us a second glance! I guess that alone should rate this place a solid 3.5 stars!!!
Going into this place really teleports you to an east coast bar/pub

Unfortunetly the local customers are not what you expect to see in an east coast bar/pub

No obvious cops shooting the shit after a shift, frankly not a lot of people at all. Of the two bars that shared the McCaffrey name. this bar is by far the lesser of the two. From what I've heard Seamus doesn't even own this place anymore. Maybe that is part of the problem...

Police patches adorn the bar..so I'm surprised to not see any police.

There used to be a large collections of lepperchans, I didn't see them last time I went (pub crawl) but I did see a friend from another bar...that was cool. Other then that..i will continue to stay clear of Seamus McCaffery's.


Sorry Bud. 
may ye luck be at anothee Baah
I'm going to go out on a limb here and give Seamus McCaffrey four solid stars. Given that I don't really like pubs or pub food, I think that four stars is a pretty high rating. 

My rating is based on three major things about the place: 

1. The outdoor smoking patio with high tables is really nice if you like to smoke when you drink. It's small but certainly serves its purpose. If you don't like being around smoke, you won't agree with this reason. But you have been forewarned and you can feel free to discount my review. 

2. The patrons are a really interesting mix of people. When my husband and I went for happy hour, we saw business men in suits and pony-tailed, t-shirt-clad bikers alike enjoying themselves and relaxing after a hard day at work. 

3. Maybe I haven't been too enough pubs to know any better, but I really felt like this place had some heart to it--maybe not soul, but certainly heart. When we went for happy hour, I felt like I was hanging out somewhere that had personality (something I can't say about pretty much every other place I've been downtown). While fun, chic, upscale bars have their appeal, sometimes it's nice to just enjoy a beverage in the comfort of a spot that's a bit more real. 

Well, folks, these are my reasons. I fully accept that they may not appeal to you, but if anything I've said strikes a cord and you're looking for a chill place to hang out downtown, check Seamus McCaffrey out.
If you work in downtown Phoenix, you know that there is absolutely no-fucking-where to eat lunch after 3pm. I mean, the Burger King on 1st St. closes shop at, like, 1pm. So unless you think Baja Fresh is legit Mexican cuisine or that Subway doesn't taste like junk, you really don't have a lot of midday options.

That's why you should break the rules and have a beer on the clock at this sweet pub instead. The food here definitely falls in the upper echelon of bar cuisine (try the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato - it's pretty much the proverbial bomb). All the bartenders are totally friendly and the regulars are grizzled, but harmless. As a situational drunk, I have no complaints about the atmosphere, pricing, or beverage selection. Way better than being accosted by homeless lady-dwarves outside of Quizno's.
Buried under the wonderful Hotel San Carlos is the perpetually popular Seamus McCaffery Irish Pub. I'm not a big drinker (actually, I don't drink, but I used to) but I love going to bars. There is something about the ambiance of a good Irish bar that doesn't try to be more than that. McCaffery's has a pretty decent menu for a bar. Corned beef and cabbage and fish and chips are expected but uncommon in the downtown area which makes them welcome fare. The beer selection is excellent with tons of imports in bottles and on tap. The burgers aren't great but the tuna sandwich is killer. There is live music on the weekends usually and the crowd is pretty constant most nights.

The service is terrible but it's a bar, I'm not sure what you expected.

If you are looking to drown your sorrows or surround yourself with a blue collar crowd, this is the best place in town to do it. If you are looking to grab a bite to eat, the Silver Spoon next door is a safer bet for variety and service.
Wow, after reading mixed reviews i wasnt sure what to expect. We went here for dinner and drinks before a show at the Dodge Theatre. It was packed, but luckily we found a seat. It seemed to be understaffed for such a large crowd, but the waitress was great. The food was even better. My girl got the fish n chips and i had the shepards pie. Very conventional irish fare and a safe bet. For $8 an entree the food was amazing. The beers were cheap, tasty and always full. The atmosphere was a typical Irish pub, being loud and lively.  This place is great and will only get more crowded as soon as the light rail opens. They also have a great whiskey selection and great decorations. FYI this place is perfect before any major event downtown.
I have read a few reviews here and some rate this place pretty high despite their feedback on this place.  This place is probably one of the only Irish hell holes in Phoenix that resemble those nasty pubs from the ghettos back east.  Dark inside with unfriendly asshole bartenders, and the waitresses seem to run like chickens with there heads cut off when ever your in for lunch or a concert night at the dodge.

The food is definitely not a love maker, I can only imagine the old cookers and fryers that produce a less than average fish and chips and stale Fries.. UUURGGHH
 
Only reason they get two stars? There are cool bike guys that will shuttle  you to the dodge for a concert.

Stay Classy!
We stopped here for dinner before catching the performance of HAIR at the Herberger Theater with Amanda B. and her sister. This pub / restaurant has a quaint laid back atmosphere and quite a few brews on tap Guinness, Bass , etc; I chose a pint of Smithwick's to accompany my dinner. 

The menu has traditional Irish fair like Corned Beef, Sheppard's Pie, as well as burgers, salads and sandwiches. I went the safe route and had a Swiss Cheese Mushroom burger which went well with the pint I ordered. I liked the fact that the burger was 1/3 pound and had a decent flavor. 

Seamus' has a great downtown location, half a block off the light rail. The majority of the menu is priced under $10 and quite an array of offerings so everyone should find something they like.
It's true, their wings are really good.  Also they have tons whiskey bottles to look at and I guess you could probably drink some of it too if you just ask.
this is a decent bar in downtown phoenix, but not really special in any way. 

it's too expensive, not irish at all (most of the music is, like, tupac and deftones and stuff), and overall just kind of boring.

the food is pretty good, for sure. also, there is supposedly a ghost lady haunting the place (when you go upstairs to the bathroom you get a creeeeeEEEEEeeeeeeeeepy feeling), and sometimes you get to see some sweet fights. and once some huge creepy dude was either hitting one me or possibly going to kill me, i couldn't tell. 

good location, right next to san carlos, but there are better bars.
Wasn't in the mood for any of their Irish dishes, so I had the Beef dip sanwich, which was decent. The Au jus dipping sauce was WAY too salty. anf the fries were average. The prices were average, nothing too outrageous, but the beer selection was a little limited for my palette. There was live music, with an older gentleman singing a mix of Irish songs, Johnny Cash and Country tune all with a distinctly Willie Nelson tone. Out waitress was great! Funny, helpful and sarcastic! Decent bar food and "irish" like pub if you're downtown but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
just say no.

this place is truly awful. 
too bad it's taking up valuable space on monroe.
This review is based on the place as a drinking establishment. I have not tried their food, but have been here twice on Saturday nights and was not impressed by either experience. 
The bar area is a bit tight and very loud. It's nearly impossible to have a conversation. The music is decent, though as someone else mentioned, very little of it is Irish. On my last visit, I realized the drink prices are high and the bartenders, perhaps not trustworthy. 
My friend had opened our tab and thorughout the night I had 2 drinks while he had 4 - that's a TOTAL of 6 drinks, all wells. After closing the tab, he came over and told me the total bill - $60!!!!  I marched up to the bar to see how that could be and found they had added 4 more drinks to the tab, as well as charging an extra 1$ per drink because we'd asked for them tall (meaning a little more soda - most places don't charge for this). The bartender did not want to go through the hassle of voiding the CC transaction and instead said he'd refund us cash. The first refund was only for 2 drinks so we went back to ask about the rest. He said "oops" and gave us a refund for the other 2. We gave up and left at that point, but there still was no refund on the added $1 for those for drinks or the total tip which was based on a $60 bill that should have been $36.   I may be venting more than reviewing now, but take heed here and review your bill before paying it!
I was craving an Irish Car-bomb on my birthday and this place did not disappoint. The old, drunk patron sitting at the bar did. He had THE worst BO I have ever experienced. We walked in and ordered at the bar. I thought Nico and I would just down the Car-bombs there at the bar, but could barely breathe because of this clown so we went out to the patio. I mean, how could he not know what he smells like? Oh that's right...he's drunk at an Irish bar. 

It was a nice day out about 4pm and there were a few folks sitting outside. We enjoyed our drinks and chatted for a bit before heading out. I've also been to Rosie's and even given our short stay at Seamus's, I'd prefer to return to Rosie's.
I worked here for about 3 years.  My mother actually turned on a lot of people to this bar.  The food is amazing... salty at times but the head cook has been there for over 10 years and comes up with new things all the time.  Daily specials are always fresh and just the right price.

Night time is the best time to go if you are interested in having some drinks and talking to the cutest (and very talented) bartenders.  The drinks are a little pricy but what else can you expect when you're in downtown Phoenix?
I like this place.  It's not great, but it's not bad.  I always feel really comfortable here.  The seating situation can get really difficult if you come too late after all the downtown workers get off for the night.  

The food is cheap and respectable.  I usually get the shepherds pie and I am never disappointed.  Mounds of mashed potatoes covering a rich and salty gravy loaded with beef and veggies is hard to mess up.

Their fish and shrimp and chips is always a good standby.  I love how it's always so crunchy.  I live like a 3 minutes walk away from this place, so it's a good old standby.  Nothing to write home about though.  Try the Turf for a more sophisticated Irish pub experience.
Not bad at all.  I come here about 3-4 times a month during lunch.  Whenever I do go there my friends and I usually sit at the bar because you get a lil better service from the bar tender when you are eating lunch or having drinks.  I don't know how the service will be at the bar from now on since the bar tender has resigned as of St. Patricks day.  Will just have to go down and check it out.  Recommendations: try the Sheppards Pie or Fish and Chips.  Also on the way in check out the special of the day which is written on a chalk board outside the front door.  It usually displays items that are not on the menu.
I ended up here on St. Patricks Day, because I need a true Irish drinking experience on St Pats and I was told this was the best PHX had to offer. And while this ain't exactly like being in Chicago, it'll more than pass for the middle of the desert.

First the annoying: cash only.  We weren't exactly prepared for this, bubt made do.  It was also a $10 cover and the drafts were all $5.  Again, I can understand that this is their big money maker and I won't hold a grudge over it.  It was still easy to get the drinks, and that's what really matters.

As for the ambiance, its pretty much what I needed.  Everyone was drunk by the time we got there, and they shipped in someone to sing some dirges and drinking songs.  This made Ayesha come to the conclusion that I may be whiter than she originally thought.  I wasn't sure that was possible, but there you have it.

Seamus is an Irish dive bar.  If that's what you're looking for, then more power to you and come on in.  I'd have no qualms about coming back.
I was totally expecting to add another star to my review after participating in the Seamus/Turf festivities for St. Paddy's day.  Definitely not the case.  I couldn't have been more pissed off.

The husband and I went to the Turf around 5 to grab something to eat.  After paying a stupid 10 dollar cover charge, which included both places, we though McAffrey's would be a better choice since they block off the street every year for the party.  That did not happen this year.  The pub became more crowded than ever and we couldn't even get in.  What a waste.  I was really disappointed.  Between the Turf and McAffrey's and 40 bucks later, we only got a couple small plates of food.  BOO!
I take the light-rail downtown sometimes just to go here. I walked in the first time to a bustling, energetic, singing, cheering crowd and thought, "where the H am I??" I felt like I had left Phoenix and ended up in a far away magical land of wonder and excitement. Food is decent for a bar, great beer, great local music (it's the first time I saw The Waters). Downtown Phoenix needs more places like this.
Last night a colleague and I went to Twitter's Phoenix Friday Nights at this irish pub downtown. The location was easy to find, and for a Friday night it was a well balanced pub without too many people (as you can sometimes see in downtown bars on the weekends) but enough that it didn't look empty. It wasn't too loud but still had good activity, which made it great for a group meeting.

The full bar looked impressive and a bit authentic as you'd see in Ireland. The bars on the menu were well balanced with different types that I enjoy. I order a few half and halfs Guinness/Strongbow which were really good. After awhile the food people were eating around me looked really good, so I ordered the Shepherd's Pie. I enjoy this meal at many places, so I figured I'd try it here. The waitress was very amenable and highly recommended this meal.

When it arrived, the layer of potatoes was very thing and the cheese was sprinkled across the top instead of layered nicely. The meal was too hot so I had to wait quite a bit to begin eat it. When I forked into it, it was definitely tasty but thing and there wasn't a ton to it. Don't get me wrong, I liked it, but I just expected more.

The wait staff was great, and since we had about a dozen people and they had to weave between us, they were great. We loved the staff. Nice people, good beer, ok food..
Probably my favorite Irish pub in AZ for Sunday nights because it's rather casual, with live music, and the service/food isn't bad either.  I can't comment on the busier nights here.  They pour a good pint of Guinness and it has a small, intimate feel that I miss from the Irish pubs I used to frequent in Chicago.
Ordered the mushroom burger, they put canned mushrooms on the burger. Gross! The patty melt was good. But it's really hard to mess up a patty melt. My salad had a bug in it.

Service was nice. And they do have a yummy cider beer.
Good pub food is a lovely thing to have downtown, especially when Seamus is a regular after-work stopping point. My coworkers are pretty cool cats and we've been here several times after the office closes to get a few drinks. Seamus is where I had my first Irish Car Bomb. Guinness is positively delightful and I could drink it every day.

The service is polite, the food is very good and the price is reasonable. I couldn't begin to tell you how much I love fish and chips. And Guinness. Maybe that should be my request for a final meal, if I'm ever put on Death Row and the prison offers such a last request.
Enjoyable downtown pub. I almost always stop here when I'm downtown late at night. It's an institution, for sure.
Why 5 stars? Well 3 stars just for being open on a Sunday night without a downtown event going on! We walked all over the stadium and arena looking for any signs of life. (I forgot how pathetic downtown is after 5pm). I remembered Seamus and hoped that it would still be open at this late hour of 8:30 in the evening. Sure enough, it was still serving beer. Yippie! And on top of that, the kitchen was still open. I ordered the Sheppard's Pie and it did not disappoint! In fact it was awesome! 

There were still a few patrons in there, a good mix of people, young and old. I think some old ladies complained when I put in some Dropkick Murphys on the juke box. Screw em! The song seemed appropriate. 

The staff was uber cool, too! Our bartender, slash owner, was really cool and talkative. The waitress that would come by to place orders would stop and chat, too. Very friendly staff.

There's no doubt that this will be my new downtown spot.
4 stars just because I have not tried the food here yet.  This place has one of the best scotch selections in town.  Matt who was the bartender last night was very cool.  Even helped me prank a bartender at Cheurvont.  So funny..  

Had a great time, and will most certainly be back..  Also, I will update with a food review once I actually eat there..  :)
I stopped in for a pint of cider on Friday night with some friends. This place is much less of a pub-in-a-box than some other Irish Pubs in the area and has some character to it. It wasn't packed, but was semi-filled with an interesting mix of people trying to get out for an after-work drink downtown. 

The wait staff was very attentive and it was a reasonable $5.50 for a pint of Stongbow cider. 

Seamus loses a star for having the worst bathrooms EVER! The god-awful stench as you ascend the stairs is enough to make your eyes water and pass out from holding your breath. It smells more like a sewer problem than the bathrooms themselves, but it was enough to make me think twice before bringing out-of-town guests here again.
Stopped in here before a Diamondbacks game, because we had just learned that the Copper Door (located a few feet away) was no longer in business.

Hey, it really smelled like a bar... but it is a bar, so good job!

The fish and chips were OK.  The Irish stew was OK.  The Blue Moon had a big wedge of orange, and it was great.  They had bottled Bud Light.  And the review from "suneel t." wonderfully described the patrons.
Five stars for the amazing two person band that played there last Saturday!  They rocked Last Dance with Mary Jane and we had an amazing waitress who brought on the shots and beers!
It is what it is.  A real Irish bar, reasonably priced beer and wind.  Good bar food and good talk.  I am comfortable here talking to the locals and the tourists.  If you are a bar afficionado, this is the place in Phoenix for good talk and a few drinks.
I came here with a coworker while in town on business Saturday night after watching the UFC fights and had a good meal.  There was a decent crowd and sat ourselves at a table near the door to people watch a bit.  Typical Irish Pub menu with really great prices.  Our waitress was nice enough but after we told her we needed a couple minutes to look over the menu - she didn't come back for like 15 lol.  We both had a Strongbow cider and the Reuben sandwich.  Both were very tasty.  The sandwich was a good size - I ate about 3/4 of the sandwich and only half my fries before I was full.  I would definitely come back here again and maybe try a Boxty dish :)
2nd stop off the rail pup crawl.. a little walk, nice place for regulars but they did not seem to like having a large excited group there. The server was good, the drinks were good and the price was good. 

The restroom stunk like old piss.
Shepherd's pie washed down with an icy pint of Newcastle... mmm! There was a gooey chewy layer of cheese over the potatoes and I could really taste the peas and flavoring with the meat. A side order of Irish soda bread came with it. I wasn't too into this (it was crumbly like cornbread but more dense and the flavor was practically non-existent, but maybe that's what soda bread is, I don't know) so I swapped that for some garlic bread which was actually a breadstick with some butter swiped onto one side... didn't work out for me.
Like the other reviewers said and I agree, the bathroom (I only saw one M/F share) is questionable. And although the location of the pub is very close to the light rail, I still have to go all the way downtown to get there and I'm incredibly lazy, so I won't be making any special trips. 
There are a lot of items on the menu besides the usual Irish things, such as burgers, salads, and sandwiches. Pricing is inexpensive.
I was out with friends on a saturday night and we decided to check it out after going to a bunch of snooty bars in the area. I liked the casual atmosphere and the dim lighting. The only problem I had was that they did not know how to make a black and tan, which was disappointing because we were in an irish pub. I was also charged for two drinks that night when I ordered one drink and after much debate I was given a "complimentary" drink, which was not really free since I had already paid for an extra drink. But other than that, this place is good place to hang out if you are looking for a casual bar. Oh, and a friend had the chicken tenders and said they were good.
I stopped here just before the [Title of Show} OYE event to grab some dinner. I love an Irish pub! The location was very convenient - right downtown, just a few blocks from the theater and the light rail. I imagine if I were a visitor at staying at the San Carlos Hotel I would be regularly stopping in for at least a drink.

That said I went for my usual - Fish and Chips. Original, I know. The menu indicated no newspaper - which is fine. I also ordered a draught of Four Peaks magical Kilt Lifter brew. The waiter brought the drink quickly - I had asked if there were any happy hour specials. The special was 50 cents of a draught. Not very happy, is it? So instead of $4.50 for the beer, it was $4. I think I prefer the same brew at San Felipe's in Tempe for $2.25 during happy hour....the size of the fish was good. Two filets - and by filet that is what it looked like - two Filet o' Fish from McDonalds. Just a size comparison - the taste was fine. The fries were good and I had everything I needed. But for me, it wasn't anything fantastic. If you blindfolded me, took me inside and removed the blindfold, I could be at any Irish pub in the city - or any city for that matter. The side dish of cole slaw was not very creamy, but it wasn't bad. All in all, the meal was fine, but just par for the fish & chips course.

The atmosphere was a little interesting - so I didn't mind having a Kilt Lifter in an Irish pub. The tables were regular tables rather than old wooden ones found in many Irish pubs and the music playing was country...Huh? Country in an Irish pub just seemed like an odd combo. 

An order of fish & chips along with 2 Kilt Lifters came to just under $18. Again, a little pricey for what was provided for an otherwise average experience.
Stopped in, had a couple of drinks, paid and left. Nothing to get excited over, but a decent stop if you like Irish whiskey and need a fix.
Always there and (almost) always reliable, Seamus McCaffrey's is still my favorite place to grab a beer downtown.  Last Friday night, I convinced a couple of friends that we ought to go check out the newly burgeoning night life in downtown Phoenix, since they had both moved away in recent years.  So after being thoroughly un-wowed by the Roosevelt row area, we decided to head back to our favorite old standby, Seamus.

My only complaint was an out-of-order men's room, which gets a pass for being in a known old building and for the bouncer explaining our other options politely and immediately.  After all, what's an Irish pub without a pisser?  Thankfully, still a pretty good Irish pub in this case.
Whiskey Cake?! Sign me up!

So the cake wasn't as delicious as I wanted it to be. A bit too strong for my taste. The only reason I like Seamus is because I've always had a good time there and I think my friends played a huge part in that.

They have an extensive menu of Irish food and the service has always been good for me. Some nights, there is live Irish music too. I don't really care for that because that's just one more thing I have to talk over. 

There is lots of seating, but don't come here on a First Friday night because it gets packed. Their chairs have taken some abuse over the years so don't be surprised to find a chair with a broken back but when its busy, take what you can get. 

Overall- nothing spectacular here.
This is exactly what an Irish pub should be; the bar is unassuming and not trendy or too upscale. It's a nice "neighborhood-type" spot, with live music, great food and bartenders who pour drinks a little heavy-handed.
What can I say, I love an Iris Pub.  Seamus does a good job of providing good drinks at a decent price. Seating is a little limited for really large groups - we had to take over more than one table, but the staff didn't bat an eye when 20 or so people stumbled in.

Live music was good, just made it a little loud.  I love to eat there, but instead tried on a liquid diet.  I had some of the various beers they offer, but my friends tried the "Prairie Fire" which was strong enough to make my eyes water from 10 paces.  I actually think they have to have a fire extinguisher handy in case you spontaneously combust while drinking it.

All in all Seamus is always a solid choice when downtown, for lunch, dinner or an evening out.
This place is a hole in the wall, and in this case that's not a positive. The food was nothing I'd go out of my way to have again if I'm ever in town again. To top it all off, the sole server the night of my was very rude. She complained a lot about having to deal with a large group (despite the fact that it also probably meant a large tip), as well as a number of other things. I'm sorry we ruined her night by bringing in a bunch of business on what was an otherwise slow night. Food was nothing special.
Good lunch here today.  Service was good, food came out quick and was tasty.  Worked with our substitutions with no complaints..

We'll be back.
This is a neat little place that looked pretty full on a Friday night because most of the patrons were jammed up top the bar area. Otherwise, it was only about 1/4 full. I was wondering why there wasn't a couple of guitar players or something on the small stage but then I realized I would have not been able to hear people talk. Friendly, unpretentious patrons all around us! 

I think if I lived downtown, I would come to this place regularly. My guess is that it has a pretty good happy hour crown during the week.
Friendly staff, plenty of options behind the bar and decent food for the price. I had the "boxty."
Great location, good beer and liquor selections, prices on the higher side, mixed service, lame food.  I've met up with friends downtown at this location several times.  The Irish in me is drawn to these watering holes faster than an Arizona Republican is drawn to a pro-S.B.1070 rally.  I want to like this place more than I do...  Maybe it's the higher prices and lack of any sort of happy hour that provides good deals.  Maybe it's the fact that the rubin I ordered looked like one of those sandwiches mom packed in my lunch box stuffed in a ziplock bag back in 3rd grade - and didn't seem to taste much better...  Or maybe it's just the fact that with all of the other great places there are to eat and drink downtown, Seamus didn't get the memo.  Bottom line, stop in for a beer if you're in the area but look elsewhere for deals and good food.
Went here for lunch, was super excited about getting into some Irish cuisine, but left with my hopes and dreams shattered.

I started off the evening with a delicious and refreshing tall glass of the one and only Guiness beer, off the tap of course.  It was amazing as usual.  5 stars.

Next I ordered a shepard's pie, which I'd actually been craving for quite some time.  When it came to me I knew there was going to be some problems.  It was tiny, and looked like something I could whip up in my kitchen in no more than 5 min.  And I guess that's all they did in the back of the bar, with little to no effort, it tasted as much.  Minus one star.

I was still hungry, so I decided to order another meal figuring it was still early and I could just eat the leftovers for dinner.  I elected the corned beef and cabbage.  5 min later I received an impostor.  This was no corned beef I've ever seen.  It was instead a shaved meat that tasted kinda like it, with obviously CANNED potatoes, surrounded with an abundance of cabbage and now I'm upset.  Minus two stars.

This is a PUB, NOT A RESTAURANT.  Guiness was great, food sucked big time.
I wanted to like this place, it has a lot going for it.
-awesome location
-perfect ambience
-spot on decor
-good standard irish pub beers on tap
but sadly prices were a little high, and our bar tender wasnt very attentive
a smithwicks and a newcastle set me back $11 + tip
this was during happy hour no less
pffffff
weak
Had a great happy hour there. Staff are very nice and helpful. This place attracts good people. Shepard's pie is delicious, so is their fish and chips.
Picked up boyfriend from the airport, so wanted to take him downtown to go to some local pubs. Pretty cool place with lots of seating and friendly-ish people. It was relatively crowded when we came, which was around 11:30 or midnight on a friday, and it looked like they were still serving food ( they actually had a decent menu). Drinks were on the pricier side,  especially for a cocktail. We got the recommendation from a restaurant owner who said it was better then Rose & Crown, which we were looking for. They had a live band that was playing,that was kinda cool

It wasn't too hard to find, because the place next door had strobe lights and loud electronic thumping music and the pub was next more and much more quiet. Good thing bc the music next door was as cheesy as the douchey guys standing in the patio smoking, so we prob would've left
Decent Irish pub in downtown Phoenix...nothing exceptional about it, but good place to have a beer with friends!
Four stars because I have never left disappointed. Sure there are things the management could do better, it could be nicer inside, the appetizers could be a tad more appealing, and the wait staff could be a bit better at remembering things, but that's not why you come here.

The location is perfect, it's close to most everything downtown - the drinks are cheap to reasonably priced (you won't get nickle and dimed here), and the bartenders are great to talk to. They have a great selection of whiskey and scotch, and must better prices than other downtown bars (I'm looking at you Hanny's)!
This place has Powers...and they aren't magical. They have actual Powers which is rare to see now-a-days . This is probably because Powers makes magic happen (or the precise opposite,  more likely.) More likely jail time in Louisiana but that is a special story...

They have good Guinness, good outside tables, and a magnificent whiskey selection if you have that kind of money. I am definitely a fan :)
This Irish Pub is one of the best in the Phoenix, AZ area.  The bar staff is friendly and the atmosphere is really good.  Along the bar they have patches from different law enforcement agencies.  Because of the downtown location, there are often meetings and conferences for law enforcement agencies.  They donate a patch to this bar.  I have seen patches from all over the country, including federal agencies.    

The food is typical bar fare, with an Irish theme (go figure).  Some of the food is delicious, like the burger.  However, the Cobb salad leaves in a little to be to be desired. 

Overall this is one of my favorite pubs in the Phoenix area.  I would recommend it to anyone.
A great location for meet-ups before heading over the Dodge (ok ok, Comerica) Theater.  Good solid bar food, good service and a good choice of beverages.

I was particularly pleased that my wife and I were able to share a meal and they had no problems splitting it for us without making a big deal.  For this they get four stars in my book!

Enjoy!
I've only been here once. Took a date here. Heard good things from others but I wasn't too impressed. It a dive. Which is okay but i was expecting a bit more. 
So putting it in the "dive" category, drinks are cheap, food was good. But the service could have been better. 
I wouldn't make the drive from my side of town one a regular basis but I'd definitely try it again if i happen to be downtown for a game or something.
Pretty cool place, easy to get to downtown, food is pretty good, irish atmosphere... i like it... not a lengthy review but it is a good place
Not a bad spot, open late and had good beer available.
The atmosphere is faux irish pub. The beers are slightly overpriced. All this could be forgiven if not for the terrible service. The waitresses were rude. Apparently serving customers was not part of their job description. Requests for service were repeatedly ignored and this cannot be blamed on a full crowd because the bar was half full at best.  Choose another spot for a truly friendly irish pub where the beers are cheap and everyone has to sing a song :)
I like this place. 

I came here for a few drinks as part of a Light Rail pub crawl/birthday night out and a good time was had by all! I was a little surprised that this place was legitimately an Irish dive bar (not that I'm an expert on Irish dive bars). For some reason I had this idea in my head that this was gonna be one of these places that calls itself "Irish" and a "dive," but is actually kind of "cheesy." I don't know why I thought this (location maybe?), but I just did. 

Anywho, there's not much to say about the place. There's live music, which I like. There's a small patio for smokers, which is nice for them. The bartenders & drink prices are decent enough. Me and another friend did try and order food, but it was after midnight and the kitchen was closed. I won't knock them for this, since most bar/restaurants close there kitchens early. 

When I'm back in Phoenix I wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
Solid 3.5 Stars
I've been here more times than I can count, but not as many times as I have gone to Seamus' brother bar, The Turf.   I have eaten and been a slight bit tipsy at both places.  What I am not fond of here is the bottle neck at the bar area....try getting in and out of here on even a semi busy night...and unless you are sitting at a table or find a spot to order at the bar you shall remain drinkless.  

Thus I prefer this place after work during the week and I tend to avoid super busy nights like First Fridays or St Patricks.  [I lie I enjoyed the trolly they had set up to take patrons back and forth last year between Turf and Seamus for St Patties].

The food is good but not great. The beer is cold and when you have a seat (at the bar or table) the service is usually good.
Seamus is quick sort of, easy sort of, and its not bad. There always seems to be a group of douche bags at the entry that might be security, might just be guys who are friends with the bar staff. Either way in three trips, they were always there and annoying as hell. 

The food is...meh (to quote my rating). I had the Chicken Parmesan, I am pretty sure it was Chicken tenders. Either way it was not anything special. 

Not a bad place to go to before going to a game or show. It won't be as busy as the spots right down town. If it is busy though, don't wait. You'll only get angry that you waited.
I can't decide which is worse...the food or the service. Actually, yes I can. The service bites big time. For a table of eight, you'd think you might wanna check back once, maybe even twice. Or at least make eye contact for Pete's sake! As for the food, the Shepherd's pie is a big No! How can you mess up Shepherd's pie? It was similar to Sloppy Joes or Hamburger Helper? Hey, maybe it's Sloppy Joe Hamburger Helper???The Chicken Boxty was not bad with big chunks of bell pepper-yum-but I think I detected a tinny flavor to the chicken. I wonder if they buy Chicken-in-a-Can @ Costco. Seriously??? The waitress STILL is not back!

Okay, I've simmered down since I originally drafted this. The service did suck, the food was okay, but what do we expect from a pseudo Irish bar, anyhow? :)
Seamus is a cool little Irish bar right in the middle of all the downtown action! We come here often bc A.) they have good food and an INCREDIBLE scotch/whiskey collection, B.) bc there are not many other bars right downtown... C.) It's the only bar I can come to on a Thursday night after my soccer game and get a cold pintdid i mention the scotch collection? I LOVE SCOTCH! 

The bartenders and servers are all very friendly, and this bar just has a nice neighborly feel to it
This is my go-to "no thought/effort required" bar choice when in Downtown Proper. It never fails - no matter what I happen to be downtown for, dinner at Hanny's, a sports event, a LR adventure, a night at PHX Art (if I'm driving, it's not walking distance from the museum) - and we need a place to have a few beers or cocktails before or after, Seamus is easy and effortless. It's never a destination, but it always gets a visit. Here's why:

The bartenders are always friendly and efficient
Prices are reasonable
Good draught beer selection
Seating is usually available
Atmosphere is lively and suitable for one-on-one or group situations
There's a jukebox
There's food, and it's also reasonably priced for its quality
There's a small patio for the smokers out front
It's walking distance to most downtown hot spots

There's something to be said for having a Seamus in your pocket when you just want a no-frills pub drink in a friendly atmosphere. It's hard to explain but this place really creates that laid-back old tavern/pub feeling that so many (SO MANY) bars try to reproduce and end up just being another generic bar. I think Christine O. says it best in her review: this place has heart and personality.
While rockin' the 2011 Comicon experience, you can work up quite a hunger.  We decided to get out of the convention center for a bit, and ended up wandering over to Seamus McCaffrey's for a beer with out lunch.

I had a grilled cheese with bacon and tomato, which was the perfect compromise between the grilled cheese and BLT that I was craving.  Kevin had the beef stew, served with fresh soda bread.  Both meals were tasty and filling, and paired with a Kilt Lifter, the perfect lunch.  

The music was at the right level for the crowd, the service was fast and friendly, and there were a few TV's showing Football (Soccer) but not too many to be distracting or annoying.
I would move back to the oppressive heat of Phoenix for some of Seamus' vegetable boxty.  Delicious. 

I have loved everything I have ever ordered here.  The french fries are pure perfection.  Everyone is super friendly and they have a great beer and whiskey selection. 

They open early for football games (not the American kind)--or they used to and the company at that hour makes for an interesting time indeed.
visiting from San Diego and thought we should stop in. Food was great and authentic irish (is that an oxymoron). The waitress did fudge up the order of beers but I like all beers so the problem wasn't really a problem after-all. It's location right around the ball park made it super convenient. We will definitely be back for a weekend night sometime in the near future.
Seamus McCaffrey's is always a good bet for good food and drink.  From the food menu, you need to stick with the Irish traditional dishes for the best food.

The boxtys, corn beef and cabbage and shepherd's pie are some of my favorites...with a Guinness, of course.
I get to come here often because it's my husband's favorite bar here in AZ. I guess it's the Irish in him! 

Don't get me wrong. I like Seamus'. Never had a bad time here by any means. It's a dive in downtown. Has that older (though a bit musty feel). I love all the trinkets at the bar and pictures on the wall. Obviously Seamus could use some new tables, bathrooms and carpet, but I don't expect this place to snazz up and become something it isn't. I find sitting at the bar to be the most fun area here. 

Beers on tap are cold, they pour a Guinness right, have wine, and have large pours on hard liquor. Small patio out front can certainly be fun for some people watching! Sometimes they have live music, which certainly peps the place up. There is always an upbeat feel here. A vibe of people having fun. Varied crowd and I have always felt safe and comfortable. Be careful if you use the restrooms upstairs. The stairs are rickety, steep and I tend to feel like the toilet is going to fall through the floor. It hasn't yet! (knock on the wood the bar is made of). 

Diverse menu with decent food. Always friendly service. Certainly not a place I would ever turn down going to. Just not my #1 pick for a night out. More like my #10. :) 

Cheers!
As I walked into Seamus McCaffrey's, I felt like I was in a serious downtown. If I hadn't known better, I could have said I was in a Chicago or San Francisco. This bar was jumping with locals, live music bounced off the walls and character filled the room. 

The bar is divey, it's cozy, it's dark and it's awesome. The drinks are cheap, the patrons are awesome and there's plenty of seating. Downtown Phoenix could use about 15 more types of these bars. 

I visited Seam McCaffrey's after a Diamondbacks game and it was so cool to see Downtown Phoenix alive and bustling on a Friday night. This bar is like a little taste of what the entire Downtown Phoenix area could be like if we took every bar and restaurant filled with character like this and placed them on the same block. Having just got back from Chicago, this bar definitely reminded me of the character the Chicago bars have and it really made my night to see it! 

So bottoms up Seamus McCaffrey's! You make Phoenix proud!
So, it's your typical Irish style pub, dark, dank, loud w/plenty of seating in a side section, and typical long straight bar stools.  The locals made it interesting and fun, I was able to witness some shennanigans one night that was rather comical (see below). the outdoor seating is minimal, but supports a crowd of 15 or so, with mist gently falling from overhead water spouts to keep you cool(er). The staff was great, the bartending on point and the bouncer was able to diffuse a potentially ugly situation. Overall it's one of the best and most hoppin' spots in downtown.  Decent pub style food, large portions, good prices? What more do you need? Oh yeah, brew selection. Good pints w/local flavors on tap, bottles, full hard liquor selection too. A good spot/loction for a few pints if in downtown AZ, 

PS SO, sitting outside enjoying a few brews on the solo tip 11pm ish? Three younger shaved headed guys, seriously vocal, decide they need to start chanting F#*K the IRISH, in the pub. The bouncer proceeds to get them out into the street where I witnessed some KnuckleHeadedNess I have not viewed since my college days. One dude says, you know hat time it is? Shirts off! (wishing I had a camera in hand) Then they proceed to scream PUNCH ME! Punch Me!! After 3 or 4 shots it was over, but the whole build up and theatrical show was worth the wait. And the shining knights of young male testostorone jumped into a taxi, off into the night.
I was told by the bouncer this is unusual, but like plenty of drinking spots, there's always the potential, it's how you handle it, and he deserves and 
A+ and maybe a shiny gold star.
Awesome pub, went there before the Dbacks game, good food and drink for good prices. Recommend this over most the bars around there.
ate a salad here and half a turkey sandwich.  later became violently ill, will never eat here again!
The Food? Only if you have to.

The Bathroom?  Only if you have to.  

So why the five stars?  Because it does what it's supposed to extremely well.  The second I walk in I hear "hey Dante" from the bartender as he pours me a Guinness.  Can you say that about a bar in town?  I can sit with friends on the patio and people watch.  You'll likely hear Bob Barker or see Cliff.  You'll notice the alley or like to call it "narnia" for the fact that no one who walks down it ever walks out as the same person.  You can sit on the patio of Seamus and judge the people at Ghost Lounge.  You see life walking around and can do it with a cigarette in one hand and beer in the other.
I've only been 1 time an it was for St Patricks Day. It was cool. It could have been much worse.I liked the Irish band that was on and love all the people doing the jig!
Kind of a forgettable experience as far as Irish pubs go. I don't remember much about it. Bland at best...
Okay, this place is killer. This place has great beer, great wait staff, cool atmosphere, and kick back to hang out at. The corn beef and hash was great, and they know how to make a black and tan right! LOVE it! The place is jammed packed on St Paddy's Day, so that tells you something!
If you're into dive bars/Irish pubs, you'll love Seamus'.
I'm not. I went with a few friends after the Rattlers game, and yeah .. not my scene. But the guys I was with that LOVE that sort of thing, rave about this place.
Had lunch here while in town for work, and later stopped back for a beer.  Food was average bar food, though they do that portion the ketchup thing (rather than have bottles at the table, or brought to the table, they bring out portions in little cups) which I think is silly.  My teriyaki chicken sandwich was just so-s0, but not bad.  There were like 6 people in the whole place, but the service was not all that attentive.  There was some good gossip happening as you could see all the staff clustered together chatting during our entire meal.  Later, the place was much busier, but the service at the bar - just to drink beer - was no better.  I'd go back, but I'd look for someplace as an alternative first.
6th stop of the dine around. 

Group rated it at 1, I'm bumping it up since I really didn't think it was that bad, just not our type of place. 

We came in and were told to seat ourselves, and just ordered the shepherd's pie. Our friend who ordered it was not a fan, but I didn't think it was bad. I'd never had shepherd's pie (a lot of firsts happened for me today), but it didn't resemble anything I was expecting. I actually thought it was pretty good

Though it looks like this place is pretty divey, but a good place to come watch a game or hang out with your buddies
Fish-and-Chips! Fish-and-Chips! 
GET THEM! Seriously, I'm normally fairly picky about my fish'n chips. For instance - chips are not french-fries, and they have to have some thickness about them or they're just two-faced potatoes. McCaffrey's has a great chip on their hands.
Fish is always cooked great - never too batter-y or greasy, and is never a disappointment! Lemon & malt vinegar, and you are GOOD TO GO!
I can't really give much pointers on anything else food-wise, 'cause I never cheat on good fish- but mum really likes their burgers.
Bathroom is okay. It's up the stairs, which I thought was moderately different, but it wasn't gnarly or anything - that may have something to do with the fact it is frequented by females, not males.
I've never had an issue with service, but I wonder if it's because they know me and mum by name (she works at the Chase Tower). We generally have the same waitress, though I've been horrible at remembering her name. 
The decor is slightly normal I think for an Irish pub in Phoenix, and it's fairly dark. Don't go in with your head shoved up your... you know. It's a dive-y sort of place, so if you're expecting pristine parlour nonsense you may not enjoy it as much as a Bostonian who misses Irish pubs from back east.
Just ah. I'm not sure why some are raving about the fish and chips. I'm not expecting the quality of fish and chips I experienced in Ireland but I've been to pubs state-side who can do it a lot better than Sesamus McCaffrey's. The breading is very heavy and oily. You can tell they either came out of a bag and fried or a very heavy hand was used with a flour-based bredding. Beer batter makes for a lighter, crispier batter which is a fish and chips signature, and this dish doesn't fit the bill. 
The potatoe skins wern't much better. Tasted out of a bag with some cheese and bacon bits (not real bacon pieces) thrown on top with a side of sour cream.

The tables felt really crowded together. The person's chair behind me was touching mine which made dinner awkward. Either the chairs were very low or the tables were high because I felt like I was sitting very low in relation to the table. 

I will give them credit for a very nice server and having some local beers on tap. I would say skip the food and come here for a few beers.
We stopped here after getting a hotel in Downtown Phoenix. The bartender was very friendly and guided us on choosing a scotch from their extensive menu. I had an Ardbeg, and at $8 it wasn't a horrible price. Beers were good - I had a couple pints of some local Arizona beer as well.

This is truly a hole in the wall type place and is very comfortable. Vintage looking but not run down at all. Great service and welcoming environment. Plus, they actually enforce the no smoking inside which is great!

I would rate at 4.5 stars given the slightly expensive price, but I'll round to 5 just because Arizona is awesome.
Ive only ever been here for drinks, but its always been a good time.

Great selection of beer and libations.

And im still waiting to see the Seamus ghost....
Awesome Irish pub. Great pub food and pub atmosphere. Very reasonable prices.
Main course was great app was bad... The manager was not very interested in my opinion on app. Her comment was "well that's how we make them here. "
Seamus was just one stop on my birthday pub crawl.  They play live Irish music, which I really enjoyed!  Very festive.   Our server was pretty nice and attentive.  I think the drinks were good, but to be quite honest, I don't really remember that much!  But we did spend a pretty long time there, so that says something!
Great little bar down town. 

They get oddly crazy busy just about every night of the week. I love living down town! 

Their kitchen stays open late, midnight I think, they have great beers and cocktails, its a scotch drinkers dream, I couldn't even count then number of single malts they had up there behind the bar. I dragged the boyfriend in a few months ago and he is in heaven!

I love the down town feel for this whole in the wall-ish bar that has been around forever it seems. 

Might be fun to have a few drinks then wonder over to the San Carlos hotel and get spooked. haha :-)
We had a chance to stop in while "killing some time" between a wedding and a reception. It was midday, so we had the bar almost to ourselves and the most awesome bartender. She took great care of us, fixing up some tasty drinks and serving some delicious bar food. I'm sure this place is hopping in the evening and I can see why! If you like great Irish fare, try this place out!
I go there often. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Great beers & usually great service
We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Orpheum Theater. It was busy but that was to be expected. The service was good, the food was good, not stellar but certainly not bad, they did have the Bushmill's girls walking around with free shots which was a big plus. They also had strong bow cider on tap. This is pure WIN in my opinion.

Pros: 
Good Food
Good Service
Fun environment

Cons:
Obnoxious drunks (to be expected at almost any bar)
Parking SUCKS but its down town what do you expect.
Fun little place. Hard to find parking so I like to take the trolley train thing (whatever it is called) to downtown. When we went, there were groups that were trying to get us to take their bus to go on a loop or to other locations (free of charge but a tip for the driver). We ran into a group that was doing a mustache party so it was awkward to be drinking next to someone with a Hitler stache. It was a mixture of rowdy bar-hopping groups and quiet little pockets in the bar where you could sit and talk if needed. Standard selection of Irish beers.
Love this place..
 Now that some of the old bartenders are gone its great.. I always leave much more hammered than when I got there.. good thing I can walk home..
certainly fits the description of a "dive bar."  although, that's not entirely a bad thing.  I used to avoid this place because the service was horrible, but lately it has improved greatly.  fun place to hang out for happy hour.  Plus the Irish food is pretty good too (try the Sheppard's pie).
Great bar with awesome music and food. Service and food were pretty fast. We went right after a D-Backs game and even though it was busy it was really good.
Awesome bar! One of the first bars I actually went to after turning 21 and now I constantly wanna go back. No matter what kind of mood I'm in I always feel comfortable and relaxed once I'm there. 

They play good music and at a decent volume so I don't have to shout at the person sitting next to me. Some nights they have specials like $2 shots and what not. 

Love going to Seamus with my friends, sitting in my usual seat, and hanging out for a good hour or five. I like that it's not crowded with a bunch of woo girls but is a much more mellow place.
Classic Irish bar in DTN Phx. I love Seamus because it just feels good walking in the doors. I've been her a few times and have enjoyed each experience. Good times!  On our last firm her I had the cajun chicken sandwich and my buddy had the classic corn beef. Both good but I have to admit that the I was jealous I didn't choose the corn beef. I'll be sure to have this on my next trip to Seamus!!!!
As a rule, I hate (HATE) Irish pubs. I think the whole concept is tacky and treads on ethnic stereotypes that make me uncomfortable. We live next door to Seamus McCaffrey's and when we moved in, it was a good news / bad news situation: you live next door to a bar but it's an Irish pub. Oh well. We tried it, of course and have now stopped in at least once a week for a pint or two after work.

I can't speak to the food, but the bar is great for drinking. Plenty of seating at the long bar and a really nice selection of beers on tap (and reasonably priced too, especially if you go to the 3-6 happy hour). The really surprising part of this bar is the amazing selection of whisky. I have never seen a better variety of Scotch, Irish, and Bourbon. The other thing that is exciting about this great selection is that the prices seem to reflect availability and not necessarily cost (for instance, some of the one-off, independently bottled scotchs are pretty expensive, but Lagavulin 16 year is around $8 a glass!). Overall, a great neighborhood bar and worth stopping in if you want to grab a pint in downtown.
Came here on a Friday night after a bike ride. As an Irish bar, there is a lot of whiskey on the wall, but they can make whatever you need. The food was a hell of a lot better than I thought it was going to be. 
On the encouragement of the bouncer, I ordered the wings which were meaty but I've had better. What I should have gotten was the shepards pie. 2 of my friends got it, and it was VERY good. I'm going to go back, just get it on my own. 
Lastly, this place dishes out cheap, strong drinks. Good place to get sauced before hitting a club.
Seamus is there for every occassion in your life.  Maybe it's St. Patrick's Day and you are hankering for some corned beef and a guinness - GO!  Maybe you're watching a show at Orpheum - GO!  Maybe you go for a run every Thursday with your friends and are super sweaty and thirsty - GO! (and join our run club, don't be a fool and run alone).  Seamus McCaffrey's is an old, long and narrow bar (just like the Philadelphia bars I've come to love so much) that has strangely cozy dorm-room furniture.  Be warned: it is definitely a local bar.  If you went to high school here, expect to see a fellow grad.
Somewhat of a dive but perfect for late nights after hitting downtown. 

Careful for the death trap to and from the bathroom, those stairs have taken down many a drunk.
Classic Irish Bar. The drinks aren't as stiff as I'd like, but well worth a visit. There are a lot of regulars that lay claim to the bar so you might get stuck with a table.
Stayed at the hotel above the bar, so it was super convenient.  Prices were decent, bartenders were friendly, and food was typical bar food.  Had a great night, so this gets 4 stars instead of an average 3.
Hey just FYI, try the potato skins, nasty made with imitation bacobits! Frozen potato skins as well. Other food was predictable.good price.
If this place were closer to my side of town it would be my usual spot. I'm a sucker for pubs, and this place has it going on.

So you like a chill spot... boom they got it
So you like cheap drinks.. boom they got it
So you like friendly people... boom they got it

The only thing that I saw that could be complained about... the bathrooms lol. Seriously dive/irish pub bars are known for really REALLY drunk people (not saying that what I saw here, just saying in general) and those stairs up to the bathroom and down to come back have to have had at least a small army of boozers piled at the bottom at one time... those things just look like a bad time is about to happen. But other than that Its a great place exactly what you would expect from a irish pub.. and I might be in love
This is a great Irish Pub, food is good, service is excellent and moderately priced. If you like a late dinner this is the spot for you. People are very friendly, environment is safe and I highly recommend this Pub.
Slow and unfriendly service.  Food is so so. Took 20 minutes just to get drinks.
I used to love this place when I lived down the street. I don't make it back too often these days, but I do remember some good times. Their food is consistent Irish Pub fare. It's most fun when they have a live band playing which brings out more of a bar crowd.
Who would have known there's a good Irish pub in the desert!
After my original flight got delayed, I finally arrived in PHX at 8pm. Hungry and slightly pissed that I lost a whole day of my vacation, I vowed to make a night out of it (at least not go straight to my place of lodging). Downtown Phoenix is a maze, not in a good way. Between the one way street, the split lane (due to light rail track) and limited parking, we finally parked at the Chase Tower parking garage (ended up being $6) and walked toward lights and sound. 
I saw this place came with high marks on yelp, so while it wasn't topical for my desert vacation, I can't really say no to a good Irish pub.  
First impression, great door/security guy.  He checked our IDs, introduced himself and the place (kitchen opens til midnight, drinks til 2am), and said let him know if we need a cab.  
We sat ourselves, ordered a pint each ($5.50 for imperial pint, I had Smithwicks Irish ale) and wings and chips and gravy.  I asked for the gravy to come on the side, so I don't know if its normally drenched in it, but even if it is you won't mind, because that's AWESOME gravy!  A small hint of curry, savory, I would have licked the bowl (wait... I did lick the bowl).  Wings were ok, a little too saucy. And the medium has quite a kick.  Service was ok, waitress was a little absent at times but I was in no hurry. 
My favorite part of the night was the live music. It's always nice to have an Irish band in an Irish pub. I don't know if it is typical of them to have an Irish live band, but I hope they do.  
Solid joint even for a visitor who wasn't expecting a St Paddys take two.
Low key establishment.  Its consistent so you usually know what you're in for.  Bar tenders are pretty cool - its the same hard working and nice young guys every time I go there (weekends).
This is just another trash bar in downtown. The service was so bad we did not even get past the first drink. Not only was the place dirty it smelled the way it looked. We decided to have a beer and play darts but, that was a mistake. They give us 6 of the same yellow darts which fall apart in your hand and act as though they are a gold. I went up to explain that we needed another dart cause they are falling apart one of the tips bounced somewhere in the bar. I was told not only am I not getting another dart but if I don't find the tip, I'm not getting my drivers license back. We immediately handed the darts back, demanded the license and left. There are much better places to spend your money.
The worse "Steak &Guinness Stout Boxty" -SUPER SALTY!
The service, not attentive and outright dismissive.

Absolutely not a place to come back if you are trying to get a decent meal. 

AVOID IT IF YOU CAN!
I work only a block or two away from Seamus and it is a great place to drink and eat after work. Beers are reasonably priced along with its food selection. If your a fan of Irish food I totally recommend their corned beef and cabbage, its outstanding with real soda bread to boot.

The only thing to avoid at Seamus is their fried appetizers, they have no taste. Service was quite prompt and friendly. Overall, a great place to hang out after work for a beer and a bite.
Good pub.
Been here a few times and always seem to meet interesting people for some reason.
Lucky me.
Good times.
My friends and I had a great time here!   We stopped in for dinner and drinks because we were staying next do at the San Carlos Hotel.   The food was great!   I had the Patty melt and my friend had fish and chips.  They were delish!   The waitstaff was super helpful and friendly.  There was life music in the pub/restaurant too.
Maybe there is better, but after a long work week it was nice to go have a drink with some good people.  The service was quick and attentive and the waitress even informed us that happy hour was ending to see if we wanted to get one last drink order in.  

Will definitely be back!  Black and Tan how I love you!.
Seamus is fun. When I lived in Phoenix I went there all the time.
Love the salads.
Ignore my previous review, I take it all back! Seamus is now one of my regular spots and I can't believe I ever thought less of this little corner of heaven, forgive me father for I have sinned.
upon entry it is immediately evident this is a 'pee anywhere' establishment, complete w/ pee pee scented pint glasses. stay away from the black & yellow.
Beth is the bomb-ass blonde whose Harlem-shake brings all the boys to the McCaffrey's yard. She serves booze, food and Weapons Grade sass. She also juggles chainsaws with her feet while doing prolonged handstands in a mini skirt. Dinner and a show?? What a deal!!!
Relaxed atmosphere. I ordered the fish and chips; my buddy ordered the steak and mushroom pie. Neither disappointed. Service was great. Our waitress was attentive and courteous. 

I will most assuredly return to this fine pub!
Great little dive bar in a fun and convenient location to any downtown events!

The food was pretty tasty, even if we only tried the happy hour fare...wings are similar to the ones at the "owl" establishment.  Very bready...maybe too bready, but the sauce is super tasty!

Great selection of beers, too.  It's a pretty cozy and fun place.
This is the rowdy, no-holds-barred version of Rosie McCaffrey's. With a small bar, and a tiny stage, it's easily packed to the brim, with raucous customers slamming Irish Car Bombs to the beat of an Irish jig. 

Nothing about the beer/liquor selection catches my eyes. The food is just plain old pub food. What it DOES deliver on is atmosphere, so if you're looking for that St. Patty's day vibe year-round, this is right up your alley.
Great Fish and Chips.  Nothing better than haven them with a Pint of Guiness and a couple of fingers of Jamesons.
BEST SHEPHERD'S PIE I'VE EVER HAD!

Service was slow because there was just one waiter to serve the full house. He was so nice, I felt bad for him! We will definitely be returning, great environment, they don't skimp on the alcohol, and I now have a constant aching for the shepherd's pie!
You can eat and drink as Irish as you please -or not, here.  A diverse menu, fresh, tasty food, good service.  A classy bar, a great place for St. Paddy's day or Cinco de Mayo.
This is a fun place to have a drink almost any night.  There is a very friendly vibe here.  It's not the kind of place you want to go if you are feeling antisocial.  And it's not the kind of place to go if you want to get rowdy.  I strongly disagree with the other review that said it's a rowdy crowd.  It's very friendly, open, and outgoing.  But "rowdy" would make it sound aggressive or violent, and I've never felt that vibe here.

If you sit outside or at the bar, you're going to end up chatting with people sitting next to you.  The staff is friendly, and usually pretty quick.  And the bartenders are always helpful, and willing to let you order things that other places might give you a hard time about (black and tan that's heavy on the black, or a mixed drink with any special instruction).

The bouncer is the coolest guy, but will not put up with anyone giving the staff or other customers a hard time.  If it weren't for him, I could see this place being rowdy.  He sort of sets the feel for the place, and does a great job.  It's not like he's never had to throw someone out, but he does and will the instant someone seems disruptive.

The live bands are usually good.  And when there isn't a band, the jukebox has a very wide range of music.  If you don't like what's playing, give it 5 minutes and you probably will like the next song.

And I've never had anything to eat here that I didn't think was great.

The thing I can think of that might be negative is parking.  But that's true of most places downtown Phoenix, so it doesn't really count against them.
Beware how much $$$ you give the bartender, likes to shortchange ya! Never that drunk that I don't know how much I am due back :(
A great place to grab a beer in Downtown. I've never had the food but I do enjoy a pint at the bar whenever I'm walking down in the area.
Love this place! Great bartenders, staff and great drinks. This place actually has character and the crowd is pretty fun- we made some great bar friends while we were here (the inexpensive drinks and beer concoctions helped in this friendship, no doubt).

It was pretty mellow when we came early in the night before a show we were heading to at the US Airways Center. The bartender was great- even gave us his personalized mini-map of the area with all his bar recommendations. Very cool! We came back after the show and it was rammed, but the staff was still friendly and we had hardly any wait at the bar, event though we were standing 4 people back.

Great place!
cold beer and tasty food served by timely servers on a cool patio, it doesn't get much better!
First off didn't stay here very long may be an hour or so, but seems legit. Cute college girls and full bar a plus, but a little run down. Appetizers (wings) were not very good. Drinks were on the soft side. Like the live band, and willing to give place another chance in the future
Just ate lunch here today and while the food was OK--but tending toward flavorless--I thought the service was rather brusque. Also they charge you $1 for a slice of bread if you want it. I get the charge, but at least toss in 2 slices of bread for a dollar.
Stopped in for some drinks with my boyfriend on Sunday afternoon. (I can't believe I haven't reviews this place yet.) If you like your bars dark and dank with interesting signage all over the walls and a healthy selection of Scotch and Whiskey, this is your place.  (I happen to prefer a dark bar so take this as a complement.)

After a few beers we ordered lunch.  I had the veggie burger with fries while my boyfriend ordered the chicken pot pie.  I hadn't been to Seamus' in a while and my veggie burger was better than I remembered.  The fries were exactly as I remembered.  (I love fries and steak fries are among my favorites right behind the super crispy shoestring variety.) 

All of this was a great reminder of why Seamus McCaffrey's is one of my "go to" bars.
The atmosphere is cool but it just turned me off when the bartender made me fruity requested drink (his choice) that tasted like Purple Dimetapp. Half of it was Seltzer. And then charged me $9 for it! I was told this was a locals bar with great prices. The beers were like $6! Mixed drinks - total ripoff.
A favorite pub of mine. Cheap and strong drinks. Friendly staff and always a good crowd.
If you are a veteran, I ask that you do not spend your money here! Last night I sat and listened to some d-bags here committing blatant acts of stolen valor! When I punched holes in their stories, and said "get out of here, you're not a veteran," to one of them, the bartender bounced me. Then one of the patrons said the bouncer was a vet. When I asked him if it was true, he just gave me a blank stare. Seems he isn't, but is allowing people to think he is. Why are there so many posers in Phoenix?! I am hoping to get the VFW and Stolen Valor involved. Businesses should not be perpetrating this violation against veterans!

SSG M
Cool place. Totally dig the neighborhood pub vibe. 
Unfortunately, the service is absolutely awful. The bartenders and waitresses are pretty rude and generally pretend like they didn't hear you when you've asked them three times for the same thing
This is the perfect place to finish up a night out. It's loud, it's cozy, it's cluttered. It's ideal for ordering one last plate of greasy fries as you sober up and prepare for a clumsy walk home. The service isn't always fast and the staff isn't always friendly, but overall the place is welcoming and easy to feel comfortable in.
We got here, probably around 11PM. The music was incredible (kudos to the Sea Merchants as well) The cocktails, particularly the 'Indecision' were spot on, and most importantly, the service was fantastic. Jessa put up with a lot, as there were a lot of us, but she took great care of us. The great service continued even after we left, as I checked back to find out what was in my new favorite cocktail, and Randy was happy to clue me in. I can't wait to find an excuse to be in Phoenix again to stop in and get a chance to order some food, as that all looked delicious. My only regret is not getting a t-shirt!
Perched at the bottom of the classy Hotel San Carlos, this cozy little pub was quite inviting yesterday after a long day of walking and gawking at ComicCon.  Ginger beer + Jameson totally hit the spot - followed by their French dip which was superb.  For me, with a French dip, it's all about the bread and the au jus.  I assume you've got the roast beef figured out, and they did.  The bread was nice and fresh, and the au jus was spot on.  Far too many places don't stir their au jus before putting it in the cup, which leads to basically dunking your sandwich in bland broth... but theirs was great.  The ambiance is classy and the service was good, I look forward to a mini staycation at the hotel and will definitely be back.
Propped up at the bar here with my sister last weekend - what a great time!

The jukebox had good tunes on, and everyone was singing along. The beer selection was pretty good, and there was plenty of whiskey (although they nearly ran out of Jameson's!)
Went here w my bro for my birthday. Loved it. Super casual, yummy beverage choices. Great crowd of weird people. (Seemed to be a costume event somewhere around town???) Anyways, it was a great way to go out, chill and have a couple of drinks for my bday. I will definitely go again! (Been trying to talk my fianc into in since we moved to downtown...) Also, GREAT music (nostalgic) and the other people were super kind and patient, considering how packed it was... Awesome atmosphere!
it is still a great place to enjoy a casual drink. There is plenty of seating at the bar, as well as tables and booths. They serve typical bar food and traditional Irish food. This is also a good choice for lunch downtown occasionally.
This is another one of those border Scottsdaley all $ goes into the looks of it with giant tiki men and fire at the entrance to the giant fish tank with expensive fish in it. There is a pool table or 2 and a small patio live music and either karake or dancing wknds. Mainly this is where older folks go to cut loose, the food was nothing to recall the only thing worth going is their giant volcano bowl drinks but I wouldn't go out of my way for them. The bar can get crazy and it can be hard to even get drink's here. This place may be a fun early dinner if you have kid's after dinner this turns into what we call an OPH=old people hangout sorry Joe.
I went to a bachelorette party here, a couple weekends ago. It was held there because the bride really likes the Crown Kings, a local band, and they were playing there. 

So, we reserved a 'surfboard' for our party of 20... which apparently does not come with enough seats for 20, even though we told them we planned to eat. After arriving, we were told a few times that it would be hard to get seats because they were a) remodeling and b) the new chairs were being held up in customs. Uh, ok. We ended up taking turns sitting on the seats we were able to beg, borrow or steal. 

The food was mediocre (chicken with some kind of jalapeno sauce that wasn't a sauce and more of a blackened crust - super salty), and we had some pretty long waits in between rounds. Kind of amazing, when considering there was a whole table full of women looking to get drunk - easy money, right? 

While the band wasn't my taste, the sound system was really good (translate: go outside and close the doors if you want to hear anyone else talk) and the bathrooms were relatively clean. The place was packed with a 30's-to-60's crowd. 

On the positive side, the guys behind the bar pour generously. A rum and coke is more like rum and a splash of coke coloring. If you do happen to go, the frozen mango something with vodka is really good. The dance floor is full of friendly drunks, and the bouncers are quick to kick any fighters to the curb. (Yep, this did happen.) 

I doubt I will be back here. This was (I think) my 3rd visit, with the previous one being about 5 years ago, and the only one where I actually ate anything. Not impressed... with the decent location and kind of cool decor, it could be so much better.
OPH how can I 'splain it? Someone called this OPH which stands for "Old People Hangout." Oh contraire mon fraire. There were a hand full of people in their late 20's. Ok...pretty much everyone here was in their 40's or 50's. Lots of divorcees here. So if you're a young single stud...cougar season is year round. 

This bar provided my first glimpse at a couple getting freaky to a U2 song. Where the Streets have no name will never be the same. 

Tip the bathroom attendant. I did..after I grabbed my 3rd lollipop. 

The cover band performing was in their 6th year in Cave Creek? Might be time to get out guys. You blew my mind when you dropped the parents just don't understand line. Wow. 

32 ounce beers are dope. 

Oh and some dude tried to pull my brother-in-law's sweater strings. So my brother-in-law gave him a titty twister. I watched this in a drunken stupor. Don't worry I was gonna step in when they started tickling each other and thumb wrestling.
Let me start by saying that each and every time I get suckered/dragged into going here, it reaffirms my vitriol hatred for this "establishment". You know how as a man or woman(I assume) you size up people in the place and inevitably you hate those of the same sex for some reason or another? No, just me? OK then. Well, here I hate both sexes just as equally! I am not sure I can really even put my finger on it. Maybe it is the shear desperation that is on everyone's face as the night starts to wind down and the women get drunker and the men lamer. 

The bar is filled with 40-60 year old men and women, who are looking for someone for the night. It is dark in the place so it is really hard to tell just how old some of the women are in this place. It could make for an interesting story I guess. 

There really isn't one redeeming quality about Cocomo's. Maybe I just have my Haterade before I go to this place? Who knows. Skip it!
We went on a Saturday night. 

Started with dinner - which was above average in quality. They serve simple plates of American and Mexican food. The band started as we were finishing dinner - "Easton Ashe" and they are an excellent cover band. The place was full by 10pm - we had a couple drinks and left to meet some friends elsewhere. Overall my first impression was good - as far as the older crowd goes - I didn't see many 20 somethings (kind of refreshing), I didn't see father-time either... mostly 30-50yr olds... Tom Chambers (Suns) was there hanging out...

We will be back to investigate further :)
I like this place.  I haven't eaten recently, but I remember their food being very good.  Never had a complaint about the drinks.  It's a fun place to hang out with a group of friends and do a little dancing while watching the band.  It's more chill than a "club" and more fun that a normal restaurant.  

Which band is playing makes a big difference.  I saw that Easton Ashe recently, they are very good and not too hard on the eyes either, which is always an added bonus!  

As for being an OPH crowd.....I mostly go here to hang with friends and I'll admit that since I'm not looking to pick anyone up I don't really pay attention.  But we're in our 20s... So.... Not sure about the cougar theory?
Next time I want to party with my mom this is where I will go, because every single person in there aside from the people at my table were old enough to be my parents. And most of them were apparently swingers.. 

Lovely. 

50+ year old husband/wife swappers looking to score.. The mental pictures are scarring my mind. Excuse me while I barf.

Anyway a few friends met up here to watch some football and drink some cheap beer. Who knew it would turn into Beerfestival 2009 accompanied by way too many shots of Jameson. I think this is the only way we all could stand the atmosphere. To top it off the food was not good at all, my Chicken Chimi tasted a little bit like vomit and the sampler was pretty much a roasted pineapple slice with a mound of hard potato strings and 3 overcooked shrimp on skewers growing out of it. To top it off, I was in the ladies room with 25 cougars and a mouse ran across the floor.. imagine 25 half naked 50 year old women bouncing up and down, arms flailing and screaming at the top of their lungs.. because that is what was going on. Ridiculous. 

I will only go back here if Georgie S. drags me here again for drunken football debauchery.. otherwise, count me out.
Cooooouuuuggggaaaarrssss..... here cougar, cougar.....

Botox: Check
Fakies: Check (including my own)
Vaginal Rejuvenation: Check

It gets worse... yes, can you imagine???

Affliction: Check
Faux-Hawks: Check
Overbearing Cologne: Check

Now that I think of it, this is probably a perfect match: Women significantly past their prime and the douchebags of society waiting to pray off of them...

I shouldn't judge; I really shouldn't... I may end up here in 26 years when I am at the equivalent age of the majority demographic. In fact, thank god this place exists otherwise we may have to worry about the douchebags and douchebaguettes (credit, Dallas G.) infiltrating our beloved downtown favorites. 

2 stars for the mojitos and wasabee dipping sauce.

Meeeeoooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Slow service and for such a big place terrible draft selection was disappointed. Great atmosphere and right down the road from me so that's why the 3 stars but upgrade that draft selection also I ordered a Joes beach burger MR and it came out raw still mowing
I feel like I have to defend Cocomos from some of the poor reviews on here. It is what it is first of all, its a bar/restaurant (technically in Cave Creek, but closer to being in N Scottsdale, but even closer to being in the middle of nowhere)...C'mon, its all the way up at Dynamite & Tatum and that far north there ain't much selection. There's nothing around it for miles. Everything N of the 101 is older crowd (30-60). That's just a demographic of being in the high(er) rent district. Most 20 yr olds cant afford to live up there and nobody is gonna drive up there w the insane DUI laws. So, if you are surprised that Cocomos is full of middle aged people its because you don't get out much or its because you are home from college and staying at your parents house or maybe you are visiting your grandparents. If you are surprised that ANY bar is full of Cougars or cheesy men you also don't get out much! If you are surprised that drinks in N Scottsdale are "expensive" you don't get out much. Funny, I saw someone complain that drinks were expensive but they also said the bartenders pour them strong. You cant have it both ways. I'd rather pay an extra $1 for my drink and have it be strong than save $1 and watch the bartender use a damn jigger. Also, my wife drinks wine there because they free-pour big glasses and don't use those sh*tty little 5.5oz measuring cups that most places pour and set next to your wine glass these days! 

The good: Live Music! Good/Decent live music! No Cover! In this part of town - unheard of! 
The good: Happy Hour! $2 Corona, Corona Lite, 1/2 price apps, $1 street tacos! 
The good: tons of TVs; not 1 but 2 nice patios; 3 pool tables; huge horseshoe bar; nice dining area or eat at the bar; bathroom attendants; lots of free parking; huge glass walls that open during nice weather. 
The good: COUGARS! My single buddies LOVE Cocomos! Since when are cougars a bad thing (unless the review is being left by some 25 yr old homely looking chick who is pissed that the bartender went home with the hot 45 yr old instead)!??? Got news for ya sister, you ain't gonna have much of a chance down in the valley at your crappy Applebees happy hour either. Trade in the bar stool for a treadmill and check back in 6 months. 

We go for Happy Hour and its a great deal. We go sometimes to party and see the bands and its always fun. In general we have had pretty good service at the bar although they kind of go thru a shift change in the middle of it and it can get kinda spotty at times. We have had GREAT service from the waitresses on almost every occasion that there hasn't been a seat at the bar. We ALWAYS try to sit at the bar wherever we go out, but we actually don't mind sitting at the hi- tops at Cocomo's cuz the girls take great care of us. You get the Happy Hour deals at the tables too unlike some places where you only get it at the bar and the bar is full so you sit 5 feet away and have to pay regular price.  I never understood that sh*t.

I have never seen a fight or anything which is strange with live music and pool tables, but there are several bouncers just in case. The girls dance in front of the band. The place is big, clean, well decorated, nice sound system, an actual stage for the band. Good beers on tap. Nice crowd. Free Wi-Fi.

If its a weekend night and there is a band you probably wont get a table and may have slower service....DUH.

If you dont like Cocomos you can go somewhere else, but you will find that there is either nothing else around there or that anything within 5 miles is full of an even older crowd, twice as expensive and twice as boring.  Your only alternative is Desert Ridge, so if you prefer you can go there and hang out at TGI Fridays with the 20 yr olds and drink vodka redbulls and talk about tattoos and skateboards. lol
A cool place to chill, relax with friends and have a drink or three on a Friday night but the food left a little bit to be desired. I Ordered the Fish Tacos (Being From Southern California I've eaten my share of both good and bad), when the arrived I noticed that the portion was good, the presentation was visually appealing with three tacos stacked atop mixed greens with a side of what LOOKED like mango salsa and a smal bucket of still warm, fresh cut potato chips. On 1st bit I noted that the texture was good, nice crunchy greens, warm soft tortillia and fish that....wait...where was the fish? There seemed to be a lack of fish, so I opened up all three and noticed that there was VERY little fish served with a GOOD bit of roughage and some sort of pinkish sauce that had the look and texture of 1000 Island dressing....Where was the Beloved white sauce and light, flaky fish that MAKES this dish a HIT? So If you are looking for a cool place to hang out and have a drink no problem, if your looking for tasty, authentic fish tacos...you've come to the wrong place. (I WILL say that the burgers, onion rings and hot wings LOOKED pretty damned authentic and tasty)
The first time I went here was as the guest of my cousin for her work X Mas party. She is a grade school teacher as were the rest of the attendees, so to say this was pretty low key is an understatement. It was a great time though and the food was pretty tasty. The staff was attentive and the atmosphere was really enjoyable. This positive experience, however, really set me up for disappointment when I decided to meet some friends here for a regular bar evening on Friday. 

First off, I thought swingers bars were only the subject of crazy mishaps and investigations on CSI and Law and Order. Turns out, they really exist and this is it!

It was the bar's 10 year anniversary so there was free champagne, a live band (they were actually really good) and tons of 40+ year old cougars on the prowl. I spent most of my evening on the patio as to hopefully not catch anything but a draft of wind, if ya know what I mean. Unfortunately, after the third request to turn the heaters on, the waitress informed us that all but two heaters on the patio were broken. Guess they were just there for show or to create the illusion of warmth, like the fire pit that didn't actually work. 

I was told by a fellow patron that this was a swingers bar at which point I thought he was making fun of all middle aged people on the dance floor bumpin and grindin (I still can't get these images out of my head). On my way to the bathroom though, this sentiment was confirmed. A very friendly and intoxicated woman walking in front of me pointed to a door and said "I have seen no less than 8 couple bang (she used another 4 letter word, but let's try to keep it clean here folks) in there". She then proceeded to tell me that Cocomo Joes's and her husband cheated on her after they frequented the bar for the last 5 years of their marriage when they were in an "open" relationship. I felt bad for a moment until she blurted out "all is forgiven now that I found my sugar daddy here". She wasn't kidding.

Although I got quite the kick out of the people watching, I can only pray that this isn't me in 20 years. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're into that sort of swinger thing...
Very good food. I'm 33. I didn't find that old of people here. I brought my kids. They had a great time.
This place is great if you have an AARP card. Cougars???? I think not. more like Camels and Lamas. The bar it self is cool though I guess.
I recently had dinner at Cocomos and wasn't exactly disappointed, but I wasn't really pleased, either. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and decor, but the food was lacking. It seems like I remember it being much better in the past, but now it's completely forgettable. 

We had the Nachos as an appetizer, which were good - how do you mess up nachos? I had the coconut shrimp, which was overcooked. The dipping sauce was supposed to be guacamole based, but it tasted mostly like sour cream so I skipped it. The veggies as the side order came out colder than the rest of the food, and were limp and mushy. The seasoning was overbearing, as all the flavor had been cooked out of the vegetables. One person had the cheeseburger, which they said was delicious, loaded with greens, and cooked perfectly to her order. Another person had the fish and chips, and the fish was over cooked and chewy. Both of them raved about the french fries. Another person had the catfish, which was over salted. It was served with rice, and for some reason I guess we were expecting white rice - but it came out with Mexican style fried rice - which just threw us off, I suppose. The menu just said "rice," though, so who knows. She had the same complaint about the veggies as I did. The last person order the Enchiladas Two Ways, which actually comes with three enchiladas. He said they were okay but nothing very special. 

It seems like they've trimmed their menu as I remember more items in the past - and they were delicious. Maybe they are focusing more on "bar food" type items, which is fine, but even those weren't executed very well. We all left full, but not satisfied. The service was mediocre...she was pleasant, but did the bare minimum to get by. The place wasn't that busy so I'm surprised she wasn't a little more attentive. 

I've been there later at night when it's a bar scene, and it's fine. Once again, nothing special. I've always seen a vast mix of different types of people there later at night - it always makes things interesting. There are plenty of places to eat that offer better food and service though - even if you're just looking for bar fare.
The only reason I used to come here is one of my favorite bands used to play here.

Thank God they don't anymore.

Overpriced drinks, weird (not in the good way) mix of people.

Never really liked the food.

And not worth the bitchy behavior of some of the more mature female patrons...
Had lunch here with a friend a few weeks ago. I had never been. My friend suggested we have the wings philly style, i believe. I was impressed by them. We also shared the chicken ceaser wrap which I thoroughly enjoyed. The fries were a bit of a bust, flavorless. 

Overall, I liked the atmosphere and layout of the place. Lunch during the week was not busy and I prefer it that way!
The night i went to this was on a saturday and it was a old crowd. If that's how it is on a Saturday night. Then that's probably the norm for that place. It's not a bad place to go to if you wanna find a cougar or a milf. Or a sugardaddy for you ladies out there. (or men, However you get down). I did like the live band that was playing there, Party Mcfly. Nice Back to the Future play on words.
This restaurant has a sports bar atmosphere with a tropical theme. Upon entering, one can enjoy the colorful fish in the saltwater fish acquarium. A hostess is often available to greet and seat patrons to seating inside or several outdoor choices.

There are some 20 televisions in the restaurant if one came to enjoy a sporting event while dining. The food is American and Mexican. Portions are generous and usually quite tasty. There appears to have been some changes in management/ownership over the years and the food quality has varied from time to time. On our last visit service was good and the food quite tasty.

This is a neighborhood bar and grill that is handy to residents North of Desert Ridge on Tatum and south of Cave Creek Road. The atmosphere is always fun on evenings when the locals are out for food and drink. Give the place a try.
I was here from 8pm to 11:30pm on a Saturday night.  The joint was crowded and mostly mid 30s on up with a few younger scattered in.  A local cover band was playing.  They were terrible but most seemed too drunk or too busy dancing to care.

Service was slow, slow, slow.  I've never waiting so long for one beer.  No one was rude but there's no excuse for the lack of promptness.  It was busy, yes, but I've seen places just as or more busy and had an easier time getting drinks.

I tried the nachos and enchiladas.  The nachos were really good but the enchiladas were mediocre.  Better than what I could make on my own but you'll find better at any restaurant.

Cocomo Joe's has a lot of televisions and I was able to watch the Coyotes game.  It seems like it could be a good location to watch football on Sunday.  I'm guessing the atmosphere is decidedly different during the day than at night.  During the day it's probably a decent place to catch a game.  If I'm invited back on a Saturday night, I will pass.
I've tried this place over the last couple of years. And, having moved within about a minute of the place was hoping that my last couple of visits would be improved upon but... to no avail. 

This place still suffers from lack of real professional food management in several areas. The food still ranks a 3-4 on the 1-10 yummie scale. The drinks are about 3% alcohol and 97% mix.  And of course it always turns me off when you stick to the dried "something" on the vinyl seats or sit down to a dirty table. The staff definitely needs better training in clearing a table.

I tried this place twice since moving down the street in hopes that it could become a new hangout. WRONG. For dinner, the Mai Tai was literally 99% pineapple juice and maybe, MAYBE they sat it next to the rum for a minute but beyond that... not a well made drink. Probably made it a "virgin" for a 9 year old or something.

The fish and chips were miserable. The batter on the fish was not light and  crispy but spongy and burned tasting - as if the oil was last changed for the New Year's party seven months ago. The "chips" were some thin product made of potatoes but were tasteless and limp from the same bad grease.

The waitresses (we had two for some reason so one must have been in training although both seemed just as incompetent) were dressed in some weird combination of bad party wear and beach rejects. Quality places should have some sort of professional dress code to maintain the overall image of the concept, not a fashion free for all - even in casual places.

I'm no snob and have eaten in 5 stars and dives from Hawaii to Maine but... i like to feel like the food was actually prepared by someone who could at least spell food and served with some fun and care. I like the food to be tasty and resemble the type of concept i'm visiting and worth the money i'm spending - no matter how much.

i might give this place one more try but the last three visits have yielded the same mediocre experiences... after all... desperate people do desperate things.
Location - Norscow - Check.  Layout -Bar, tables, patio, creek, etc - Check.  Clientele with plenty of liquid funding - Check.

So the structure is in place for something great.

Problem is that they appear to be striving for average.  The drinks, the food, the cleanliness, the wait staff.  Hit or miss at best.

Not gonna lie, had a good a time here with a friend, but we tend to make the most of any situation.  Easton Ashe is a quality Phoenix cover unit that made for a fun evening, but even they seemed to have a sense of the mediocrity syndrome going around the place.

I am guessing this is a management issue.  Time to step back and take a look at how you improve the total experience for the customer.

Hopeful to update soon with a better rating.
Go to their happy hour at least twice a week. Eat their $1 chicken burritos. And, of course chips and salsa. Brittany is usually our waiter and she's always very friendly.
I don't understand why so many people are writing such bad reviews about this place. I have been coming here since 09', every time that Iv'e been here I have loved it! 

Great food, great happy hour & a family friendly atmosphere during the day into the evening.

There is a vast mixture of people which is cool. Ya you get some cougars but it's boarder line Scottsdale people what do you expect? FYI  "cougar" is a compliment, better than a bunch of fat old ladies right?

I honestly really like this place, I have not been approached by the so called "swinger couples" that everyone else is talking about lol.

The staff is really laid back, yet attentive. Saturday nights are a little over bearing for my taste,"most of the time" very busy, dancing & a lot of gawking men, yet this has nothing to do with the place itself.

Sunday nights are laid back, they have karaoke @ 9. I love it here on Sunday nights, not so crowded and usually a younger crowd.

So overall this place has everything that a great bar should have, so I give it 2 thumbs up! ; )
music can be a lot of fun. food not so good
Great place to hang out. Great friendly Karaoke on Wednesdays and Sundays, with fast singer rotation. Good drink prices. Fun local bar.
I have been come a weekly regular here and haven't been disappointed once. The Pittsburgh wings are seriously amazing! I've also tried many other things on the menu and everything is very tasty. You get chips and salsa once your seated and the salsa is very fresh and authentic. They have an affordable lunch menu with lots of options for around$8. The atmosphere is nice during the day. Very cute decor! By the looks, I'm sure it is pretty cool in the evening too. The service could be a little slow at times during the lunch rush, but due to the food quality they still deserve a big 5 star to me!
I give up.

A friend suggested meeting here for lunch this week. I reluctantly said yes. We were the first ones in. We went to the right and up the few steps to find a table. EVERYONE had dirty chairs and tables with crumbs, obviously from the night before. If i was desperate, there might have been enough food around to make a meal.

After looking at each other we decided to try one of the high tops down in the bar area. OK, the chairs were clean and the table top looked clean so we sat. Since there were two of us at a four place, i went to move the salt and pepper out of the way. Not an easy chore since the salt was stuck to the table. Breaking it loose and moving on to move the small appetizer plates, they were stacked for four.

The top three slide off, the bottom one stuck to the table. The table had that sticky "someone almost tried to clean it off" feeling to it.

To the waitress' credit, after mentioning the upper chairs and tables she got a towel and went to clean them off after telling us it must have been the night crew's mistake - WELL DUH!

Again, there's no management at this place. If they would clean up, improve the inconsistent food and get it together, they might do more biz. Maybe they need to call in Restaurant Impossible, OR... just ask their customers. We could all tell them a few things... those of us that care.

As a note, it was my friend's first time there wanting to try it. She said she'd never be back. . Maybe my standards for cleanliness and good food are higher than some others but... I always tell it like i see it. 

...I give up, I'm done with this hole
I love this place it's just down the road from our house and it's a great place to hang out.  The food is ok but I love kicking back and enjoying the tropical setting.  they have been great to the little league kids and the adults have fun.  It's a great neighborhood bar that you alwyas feel safe in with or without the kids.
We went here as a family.  Music was pretty loud and the food was average at best.  We won't go back again it felt more like a college bar and not a place for families.
This is NOT a restaurant...this is a bar that serves crappy food.  I have worked in bars and restaurants half my life so maybe my review is harsh, but there are little things that can make people come back even if the place is serving dog food.

First you cant beat service....  If the service was better maybe this place is a 2 star.  The "seat yourself" system just does not work....especially because the place is pretty big.  We sat down at a table near the bar (where there were plenty of servers hanging out near the bar....all of whom saw us)  After awhile (I wasnt watching time) I had to flag someone down for service....waitress said ok...."ill be right there".  Never came.  Flagged down another waitress....asked her for menus and asked her if we can order drinks.  Her response "yea...what do ya want"...ordered two margaritas.  Drinks came, but no menus.  Asked again and she seemed pissed off that she had to make another trip (15 ft away).  It seemed like they were just waiting around for it to get busier later on when the bar crowd started picking up and were not really engaged in the people that were there to eat....we weren't the only table looking like they were annoyed with the service.  There was no presence of management anywhere....and you could tell.

Next the food!  oh boy the food.  The steak in the steak fajitas was bland and had NO taste...looked like it had been microwaved or was sitting in the window too long.  My gf ordered something that looked like it was one big cheesy mess.  horrible she had maybe 5 bites didnt want to return it because she was being polite.  I could go on but as Im writing this I am just wondering to myself...whats the point.  If this place was only relying on the "restaurant" aspect of this establishment they would be in trouble.

Luckily this place has a pretty good bar crowd full of cougars looking for cubs.  If it wasnt for them or the live music...this place wouldnt last too much longer.  Plus it's really the only bar in that area so.....busy by lack of options

This place has so much potential....just lacks execution and management

Its the nicest dive bar i've ever been to.  That pretty much sums it up

Cheers
We took the kids there and it wasn't bad.  Lots of locals and I hear lots of MILFs/Cougars on most nights.  It's a typical Burger/Bar.  Nothing remarkable, but not bad either.  If it were closer we would go more.  

It's just north a few miles of Desert Ridge, so if during the holidays Desert Ridge is packed and you're looking for decent food a few miles up the road, then stop by.  There are always coupons around in money mailer, Valupak, etc, - so I would look for some too.
I have been renovating two homes in the area.. we googled what was in the area and Cocomo's came up.  We walked in... not alot of people... sat at the bar... it was great. I love the tiki atmosphere the most.. something you don't get here in Scottsdale... this place is a long way for me... but we have become frequent flyers here... we came on Sunday between 1-4 and there is a guy on a acoustical guitar- great fun! I order a margarita once and I agree with the posts below.. stick with wine or beer.
I was happy with my experience at this place. It's pretty big actually with a good sized bar in the center. They have a dance floor and have bands regularly. They also have some pool tables too. Went during happy hour and got a couple of the street tacos and some chicken sliders. My husband got a few street tacos too. We got 4 mixed drinks and a large beer. Our bill was $41 incl. tip. Not the least expensive place, but still affordable I'd say. 
I went to this place years ago and they had a shuttle service for people living in the area but I think that service is not available now, too bad, that was cool.
Like other reviewers, it's an older crowd so the young 20 year olds may not like it as much, but for me at 35, I thought the mix of ages was good; 30-50.
Ive always seen Cocomo Joes on my way to work, and my in-laws wanted to try this place out the other night. We arrived on a friday night around 5:30 to still make happy hour.. Walking up to the door, the two tiki men in the front of the restaurant and the tacky blue door should have been a sign to walk out of this place..
The dining room was too dark, I had to use my iphone to read the menu.. The food was gland and not a bit pricey for below average quality food.. our waitress was very nice, however did not clear our plates up at all which left us no room. We were going to sit and talk a little more and get another round of drinks however, decided to wait.

Sadly, Will not be returning.
it's a nice, big place with indoor and outdoor seating, but the tacos I had that were 'on special' were bland, small and expensive. Service was a bit thready too, though I was here for an event and there were a lot of people, we had called ahead of time to let them know, but apparently they didn't take us seriously. Probably wouldn't stop by again unless it was the only choice in the area.
What a sorry excuse for a restaurant.  Dark, dated bar for the over 50 crowd that happens to also serve food is more like it.  We had the three tacos (chicken and beef), and the sizzling chicken fajitas.  The meat was so tough as to be almost un-edible.  The tables were dirty.  The service was slow. The waitress was however nice, too bad I came here to eat, not to make friends.  One trip pony for sure.
Wow!...you would think they would want to serve you beer. 20 minutes here, it's dead and we had to fetch our beers.
Stop on the largest motorcycle ride of the year and they only had 2 bartenders for 1000 plus Bikers.  Won't be back.
Good for beers and wings...close to house otherwise it's so-so. If ur gonna get a beer...get the bottles, the draft beer is warm. Their Pittsburgh Wings are the best thing on the menu. The service is fine, tons of TV's, pool tables & live music on weekends. Tortilla Chips are always broken up too much which is irritating. Not a bad place for Monday Night Football, hence the attraction for me.
Terrible  we sat at the bar and never received service ,,,, bartender was rude and spoke only to the locals.
Not worth free beer
For being in a part of town with very limited options, Cocomo Joe's isn't a bad choice.  It also doesn't hurt that it's one of the few places to grab a drink in this area that's open past midnight and isn't a long drive home.  The bar has an unnecessarily over the top tiki theme, but I wouldn't say that it it's tacky enough to keep anyone away.  It's just very corny, but at least they picked a theme and stuck with it.  The younger crowd won't have any reason to hang out at Joe's, but anyone over 30 just looking for a night out and nothing crazy will enjoy the place.

The restaurant is massive with plenty of TV's playing whatever big game is on, and a stage for live music.  Service is very friendly.  The beer selection is pretty good.  The food isn't the greatest that you will eat, but it isn't awful, and the portions are huge.
The fact of the matter is that I can't figure out how this place stays open.  We met several friends on Sunday, to catch a couple of games and generally speaking, it's a pretty good sports bar

In no time at all, virtually every chair in the place was taken which ought to be a good thing right?

However, waiting 20 minutes for a drink or 20 minutes to put in a food order is the kiss of death in my book.  They were so under staffed that our waitress said she was ready to walk out.

This has happened the last 6 times we were in there ...  Bad service combined with normal or average food.

Won't be going back ....  Don't knows who manages this place but firing that person would be a good start.
Great place with great service and great food!be sure and tip the bar tenders and waitresses, they really take care of you. The food is great and the servings are generous! I personally recommend the wings and sliders!
Great place with great service and great food! The live music never disappoints and the bartender remember your drink everytine
I live around the corner and have been trying to find a great place to come to on nights I want to get out. Every time I have felt like an outcast and not welcome. Not to mention the service is HORRIBLE! Had to wait ridiculous amount of time just to be waited on. Their servers are rude and mean. We had one waitress get angry and shove the chair next to us. We will never come here again. Completely disappointed.
Say it is not so!!! Cocomo's, please reconsider the decision to close down and change themes. The one thing that this area doesn't need is another Mexican restaurant! As my good friend Travis said, you can walk a block even up here in Cave Creek and trip over a Mexican restaurant. Even more abhorrent is taking away the concept of live music. Are you freaking kidding me!? How will quesedillas and burritos earn as much business market share as the one unique nightlife spot within 10 miles would? please think about what you are doing in terms of unique branding! Cocomo's faithful....sound off on this travesty before it's too late!!!
Food is not that great, service is poor, weird atmosphere. Pretty dark inside and feels kinda gross. I wouldn't suggest dinner here. My friends enjoyed the Bahama Mama cocktail.
If Grey Goose were a religious prophet, this would be it's Mecca. Perfect martinis and just an amazing happy hour spot. Underground bar with cool decor and they even have great music acts go through here despite it's smaller size (I'm still pissed I missed Mike Doughty here years ago). Oh yeah, and their appetizer menu is a foodie's dream come true.
A nice place.  Actually, a little too nice for my tastes.  I like my bars just a bit rowdy.  I often feel I'm being too loud at Montmarte.  However, they do get some great bands in here.  And the drinks are always well-crafted.
Great bar.  Maybe my favorite.  Try not to live over it.
Great dark and sultry little lounge, one of the hippest, coolest and most urbane in a town full of college bars and blue collar taverns.  They also have pretty good food and a more secluded room called the Sidecar.
Its nice, great drinks, good food...although the music can be a little too loud on some nights.  Cute and nice wait staff and they look great in their underwear....say "hi" to John and Mark and enjoy!
Cafe Montmartre rocks my world!!  I love love love French food, and this place definitely hits the spot!!  One of my girlfriends and I just had dinner there last week...we split the antipasto (too much for one person!) and the crostinis with olive tapenade and chevre (yum!).  In addition to fantastic food, we had a great water who spoiled us all night (we ended up staying for four hours and almost two bottles of wine!!)  Everything is moderately priced and can be a meal, or just appetizers, depending on your mood.  Don't forget to check it out on Monday nights for half-price wine and live jazz music....my girlfriends and I are making it a weekly thing this semester!! 5 big gold stars!!
one of the best places to hear live music. their bartenders are great, knowledgeable and friendly. i love the atmosphere. and i love the food. admittedly, i feel embarrassed when i have to cross in front of the stage during a show to get to the bathrooms (poor placement?), but it definitely dumps the too-trendy vibe and is a great place to feel totally at ease.
This review is based soley on the fact that they hosted one of Madison's semi-annual Underwear Parties here my senior year and it was one of the most fun, most unusual, weirdest nights of my life.  Their bartenders were kept busy all night so getting drinks was a bit of a process, but at least while I waited I had the good fortune of watching a bunch of cute gay men make drinks in their boxer briefs.  Really, not a "bum" deal..... ;)
The combination of live jazz, tasty plates, and wine bar atmosphere makes Cafe Montmartre a hip place to hang out in downtown Madison.  It's advertised as a wine bar/jazz cafe, but, unfortunately, it only really succeeds in the jazz part.  

In my opinion, a wine bar should have much more selection than six reds, six whites, and a handful of sparkling and port wines.  To its credit, it does offer a decent bottle of each of the most popular varietals, so there's something for everyone.  And the half-price bottles on Monday night almost make up for its small selection.  On my Monday visit, we had three bottles of red between five people and munched on the complimentary bread and olive oil.  The 14 hands Cabernet was my favorite of the bunch.  My hope is that they change their wine line-up frequently.

As for the jazz, the group that played on the night I was there was fantastic.  Unfortunately, the music makes it impossible to hear anyone, so go early if you want to enjoy your wine with conversation.
Nice spot, try to check it on half price wine night (forget what night that is, sorry.)  Has good live music, good djs and pretty good drink prices.  A good place to see and be seen...
Tasty baked brie, small but decent wine list. Monday night half-price wine is a good deal. Excellent appetizers overall.
Great place to join tables, have friends drink gray goose martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives, listen to music and just hang out.

Great appetizers, but I wouldn't exactly do dinner here (come on, Harvest and L'etoile are just around the corner!!!!)

Overall, cool place.
I will join in the masses singing my praises of Cafe Montmartre. THey have a great double date atmosphere. Their honey, brie, almond, and bread appetizer is the absolute best to share for even a dinner, and my beau and I gobbled it all down. 

We saw Holly Golightly play a decent set here and greet and sign autographs with the audience afterwards. What a nice, decently small venue to be able to do that! Even though we were in the room not with the stage in it, we could see and hear her just fine. 

There are just a few reasons why this restaurant bar is not 5 stars:
- They need to offer individual drink bottles of Linderman's Framboise and not just like a huge bottle of it to share, because really - what straight guy is going to agree to split that with you?
- It's silly they don't sell tickets at the venue itself until an hour before the concert.
Not impressed. If you get a look when it's not packed -- really quite a homely place; the menus looked like they've been soaked down and poorly dried. Our waitress couldn't have made it clearer that she resented our presence, although she was obviously not busy. The food was purely mediocre, masquerading as gourmet. There's good reason this place felt abandoned  on a Saturday night. Perhaps it's better for a show -- but there are too many decent places to eat in this town to ever come back here for a bite.
This was one of the first places I came after I turned 21.  I loved it then, and my loyalty has never died.

I love the dim lighting, the way it's decorated and the music they have playing.  They make the best cosmopolitans I've ever tasted.  Half-priced wine night (1/2 priced bottles of wine and free jazz) is fantastic.  You should try their "Chocolate Gooey" dessert with a glass of champagne; it's sinfully indulgent.

My only problem is that I can't come here often enough because of bands I don't want to see with cover charges I don't want to pay.
Meh.

The space is cool enough. The drinks are pretty good (however, not cheap --a.k.a. Cafe MoMoney)

Service is not great. 

There are better, more friendly places to go in Madison.
i like cafe montmartre.

before a couple nights ago, i had just been there for drinks and random music acts.  i'd always had a pleasant time -- the drinks are strong, well-made and the shows were usually worth the cover (most of the time 5$).  sometimes if you come to converse, it can get a little loud.. . but if you're there for the music, it's nice.

i went the other night for dinner and was pretty pleased with everything except the service.

i got the cubano.  and while it was good (there were hardboiled eggs on it!  and delish mustard!), i had a huge case of food-envy when the table next to me ordered pizza.  i think next time i'm gonna try the pizza.  

mine was good though and my boy's was good too (he got some other kind of sandwich).  they both came with these tortilla-strips that were crunchy and tasty.

we didn't stay for the show because, unfortunately, the cover charge was 10$. .. and my max is 5. 

the food didn't blow me away, but i was satisfied.
the music is usually good and worth the money.
(some nights there is excellent dancing!)
the waitress was actually pretty horrible .. but ::shrugs::

solid three stars.
I have been there 3 times in the last couple of years, and each time I regret it due to my low noise tolerance.  Although many people have said this is a good place for music, the acoustics in the cafe is horrendous and the service is extremely slow.

Each time I went, I ordered food. The food is good, but it takes, on average, 30-60min for your food to arrive.  I suspect that the owner is very cheap that I only saw 1 (at the very most 2) waitresses on my 3 visits which include Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night in summer time (I'd say this is probably as busy as it gets).  This is probably why the food is super slow.

The drinks are made poorly. It is a wine bar after all.

However, if you like loud music and prefer to go out alone, this might be a good choice. But if you invited friends and want to have any sort of conversation without your throat burning from yelling all night, avoid this place. I swear I will never set foot in here again.
No bands last night when I went, but there WAS Pub Trivia. While it was a fun diversion while eating/drinking, service was quite SLOOOOOW, especially with the bone-headed move to only have one bartender working. I should give them three stars, but the bartender recommended a ginger beer/vodka, which was quite refreshing. Entree of baked brie with roasted garlic, apple slices, kiwi, lettuce, was messy but good, and the nutrella crepe was yummy, too. Just PLEASE get more staff for trivia nights, eh? (Guess I'm jonesing to be in Vancouver, as I seem to be using 'eh?' a lot more than usual....)

Update: Forgot to mention that they have the wonderful French Cahors red wine, which is hard to find in restaurants.
At a very young age, this bar taught me a critical lesson.

Hot chicks love wine.

Despite my hesitation at first, I was drug here by a friend who claimed this bar to be the best girl to guy ratio in town on a Monday night. 

He was right.

Over the course me trying to get over a broken heart, I learned a deep appreation for wine and the social culture around it. Half price bottles on Monday is not to be missed.

Haiku !

Beautiful wine bar
Great live bands drowned in Merlot
Please pass the Malbec.

Talent Level ? Hawt Damn.
Cafe Montmartre is my favorite "change of pace" gathering spot.  It's all fine and good to meet up weekly at the local watering hole for a few drinks but every so often you need to class it up a bit.  The Momo is the perfect solution.  I'm not what you'd call a connoisseur when it comes to wine but I'm not afraid to learn.  Over the last few years I've gone from a complete neophyte to being able to order a bottle of wine at a restaurant without resorting to random selection, and this is mostly due to nights at Cafe Montmartre with a group of friends trying different styles.  Not that it's just a wine bar - there's a halfway decent tap selection usually including Lake Louie and Ale Asylum, and they've got Macallan 12 year amongst other single malts.  A word to the wise - pick one and stay with it.  The last time I hit the beer-wine-whisky trifecta I did not enjoy the next day.

Aside from the drinking selection, I love Cafe Montmartre because of the music.  I've been to quite a few different shows here, from Ben Sidran to the Bastard Sons of Johnny Cash.  It's a very intimate venue that allows you to be within feet of the stage while still sitting at the bar.  The flipside to intimacy is that it can be crowded and sitting at the tables along the wall doesn't always allow a view of the stage.  However, the covers are generally cheap and the sound levels are pretty good.  The only downsides are that the crowd can get a bit too talky during shows and the shows themselves tend to start late, making for a long night for those gainfully employed and/or too damn old for bartime, i.e. me on both counts.

Several times we've dug into the menu, and my personal favorites are the goat cheese nachos and the baked brie.  I've never gone just for dinner, more for shared appetizers.  The pizza is quite good too.  I've never tried the sandwiches but last time I did get the aged gouda, which was delicious once we thought to take off the wax - it's a bit dim in this place.  The main knock on Cafe Montmartre is the service, and this is completely spot-on.  Usually I just go to the bar to get a drink, which is an imperfect solution because the bartenders can be a bit standoffish.  Still, the service as a whole isn't a deal-breaker and generally comes across as inexperience.  It seems to be a bit better if you sit outside on the sidewalk, but that can get a bit smoky for some.  The place is on the high side in terms of price but I've never felt ripped off.  If the cashflow is tight I wouldn't suggest it, but for a step up in quality there isn't much better than Cafe Montmartre.
I'm told the night I patronized the Momo, it was uncharacteristically slow considering it was a Monday. Be that as it may, I really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is great and the wine list extensive.

I'll definitely be back, and may even make it my Monday night routine.
It seems to me like the quality of this place is rapidly declining.  The service has always been slow, and now it has slowed down to the point where you actually are forgotten.  The last time I went, my friend and I were told they didn't have a drink list.  I ordered a martini from the old drink list, and it was nothing like the previous 30 French Martinis I've had @ Momo.  The quality of the food has also taken a serious hit.  First, the chocolate gooey dessert somehow became an overcooked brownie with Hershey's syrup on top.  The pizza used to be delightful - just the right size to share with a friend, with a lovely homemadey crust.  Now you get something that appears to have been on sale in the freezer department at the local grocery store.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but this place is too dark.  I get a headache from squinting at my friends while I'm there.  I appreciate mood lighting, but Momo is so dark I wonder if maybe they don't pay their electricity bills.  The wine list is pretty good, and it can be fun to see bands there, but those alone aren't enough to keep me coming back like I used to.
The Cafe Momo is a great place to go if you like live music.  The covers are generally reasonable and in the several times I've popped in at random the bands were actually talented as opposed to ummm...sucking.  This is a wine bar that doesn't condescend to the world of beer drinkers .  There's minimal pretentiousness and for the most part a common acceptance of anyone who likes live music.  I will definately go back, and not just because I left a tab open.  
P.S. if you are a guy who wants to impress a date this is a great place to go.  just out of the main stream enough to make you feel cooler than you are for a less than capitol square price.
Cafe Momo has a great atmophere, and the food is delicious.  Gourmet pizzas, baked brie, goat cheese nachos (!!), great soup, delicious desserts--all without pretense.  It's not the place to go if you want something filling, though.
I only go here occasionally in the summer on Mondays for half-priced bottle wine night when I can sit outside. It's a great experience.  The reasons why I avoid Cafe Momo the rest of the year is that I'm allergic to paying $10 covers for bands I've never heard of and it's too loud to have a decent conversation.
Half-priced wine night Mondays?  I'm totally there.  You literally get to take half of the price off each bottle (no glasses) and there's usually a live band (usually a decent jazz band) with no cover!  What's more, the crowd on Mondays is mostly full of unusually attractive 20-somethings.  Their pizza is also very well made.  5 stars!
It is indeed sad that this is a post-mortem review.  The best nights spent here were for the trivia night that they hosted called "Cafe Montmartre is Smarter Than You."  I know that all of the 100+ people that attended regularly are saddened.
So sad you are now gone but happy I was in town to see you off, you were always so good to me...and by "good" I mean naughty at the same time...If only they could have taken away a douchebaggery of an establishment like Madison's instead we would still be able to enjoy your great live music and fabulous happy hours in the midst of the summer heat...
alright, so I came here for dinner 'cause it was fast (but not fast food), didn't require a reservation, and didn't require the spending of an arm and a leg for some famous chef's Vegas outpost that has never actually been visited by said chef.  (Besides, most of them are from SF, anyway, so it's not like I can't get it at home!)

Dinner was passable -- it's chain food, and it served its purpose.  The rosemary cornbread is yummy.  The ribs are pretty good (but I'm not a connoisseur), and the fried chicken was crisp on the outside, tender on the inside.  Beers are only available by the bottle, oddly enough.  Dinner for the two of us cost about the same that it would have to go to a buffet, and at least the food was freshly made for us, so you can't beat that.
I had an ok meal here when some friends of mine were playing.a gig here.  The food was ok.  The venue, the staff here are all first rate.  Thanks again.
http://www.hob.com/venues/clubvenues/lasvegas/dining.asp
Not only has blues concerts at night but the cajun creole food is 
great.  Ribs , steak, chicken, jambalaya, gumbo and fried catfish.  I loved the sides like mashed sweet potatoes and rosemary cornbread.  Pricey.  The inside is dark with voodoo and bayou vibe to it.
My five star experience was seeing Jurassic 5 here!  I can't speak for the food, the bar, or anything else.  Just the fact that this is a fantastic place to see live music.  Small, intimate venue with great acoustics.  Keep in mind that shows start right on time when it's all ages, which is why we missed a large part of the show (which was a huge bummer, but my own fault). 

The sadness of missing most of the show was quickly washed away when my two friends and I were invited backstage and got to chat up Akil, Soup, and Chali 2Na of J5!  I swear, they must be the most grounded, friendly hip hop artists on the planet!  What an amazing night!

Thanks, House of Blues, for hosting J5 this week!  They are some of the best performers I have ever seen....totally exceeded my already high expectations!
Love the place....Love the Southern flair  - the food, the decor the vibe. Nice place for a gumbo or a jambalaya or several round of beer before sweating it all out at the nearby Rumjungle.
As a music venue, the House of Blues makes up for the spectacular crapfest that the Joint at the Hard Rock is and I'm so glad it's made its way to Vegas.  I've seen countless acts here over the years.  The HOB is always quite good at booking more popular bands and then, every once in a while, they'll book someone I never thought would play Vegas and I just flip my wig.  Most of the time, the ticket prices are very reasonable ($20 - $30, including all fees) and they allow artists to sell their own tickets which is a lot more pleasant than dealing with big ticket sellers.

Drinks are pricey, but not as much so as other venues.  The sound is consistently good.  The levels in the general admission area make it possible to have a good view from just about anywhere.  

I'm always checking the HOB site to see what shows are coming up.  It's a delight to see artists in this space.
I got a pretty darn good fillet mignon here - tender, perfectly cooked, lightly but well seasoned - with a pretty good bottle of wine for a surprisingly good price considering it's in the Mandalay Bay in Vegas. The service was alright but the fake roadhouse ambiance didn't do much for me.
Ok so I've been to a few concerts here....One thing I don't like. Grey Goose Rocks....12 dollars. Yea....plastic ware and Vodka...eh....Just put me in the backyard of Jorge Lugo's house - have his mom make tamales, and kool aid in the plastic container. Yea that is just not classy. One thing that sucks...it's downstairs. So if you don't take the elevator. People are bottlenecked and herded in. 2nd sucky thing. Kids are smelly....Boys especially. So going to a rock concert. gross...smelly....sweaty...boys...who think they're hard core and they like to mosh. One thing about me....I'm a tank. Myke Smash. Yea I rock out. But I would rather you not smash your face onto my fist. It's just weird. Overall - it's ok - I've been here when it was great. But I've been to some hot smelly crappy concerts here too. I gotta knock it for drink prices and presentation. I also knock it for having cheap concerts that attract hooligans and hoodrats with their shenanigans....Whoa...that's the whitest I've sounded all day....
Ok first off let's get past the fact that I'm knocking on 30's death door and still going to see bands like My Chemical Romance, where the core audience is teens. Look at me kiddies, I'm old enough to drink, and I have a beer! Wooooooo ahhhhhhhhh.

This location seems like the slimier, dirtier, slutty sister of the Disney infused Anaheim location. There is only one level at this one, due in part I'm sure, to the fact that it's in Mandalay Bay. However, there are 3 full bars at all corners of the stage, and a sunken in dance, GA floor.

There was this one time, not in band camp, where my BFF and I were having a drunken girl's night with a stop here. Oh wowwie, after downing some shots to try and forget the fact that a couple in their late 50's wanted to have a "party" with us, we ended up on stage doing the African Ant Eater Ritual dance from "Can't Buy Me Love". You remember that movie right? The one with McDreamy, before he went all, dreamy
The day after partying, 14 dehydrated drunks waited 20 minutes to get water. The cup of gumble was horrible but the burger was good. Probably not going back their for awhile.
OK. This is a karaoke review. This is just  for the HOB Rock Star  "karaoke" night. Monday nights.

If you are a karaoke addict AND you happen to be in Vegas in the *quieter* part of the week (Monday), you gotta try this one! It's "karaoke" in the sense that you have a monitor that scrolls the lyrics for you to sing. But your accompaniment is *not* a CD soundtrack, it's a live punk rock band! (a guitar player, bass player, and a drummer-- and they're pretty good too). 

You stand on the 4 foot stage or the 8 foot stage (depending on if you're in the upstairs or downstairs room that night) with real spot lights, smoke and fog machines, and guys who really know what they're doing running the giant House of Blues sound panel to make you sound better than you ever thought possible. 

There's been a lively crowd despite the late hours each time I've gone.

Down side is a limited song selection and they can't do key changes up or down from the standard version of any song, but you should be able to find one or two songs in your range, then you can go ascend the stage and be a rock star singing on the very same spot where some pampered *millionaire* rock star sang the night before (or even the hour before) in the House of Blues!

It's definitely a different experience doing "Copacabana" with a punk rock drummer...but it works just fine! (in fact a little more spirited than usual) The night I did that I got a roomfull of real-estate conventioneers bouncing around the place in a conga line. Stuck around for a while to listen to the others. Everyone was sounding pretty good that night. Despite their intimidating punk appearance the band is really good at vocally backing singers who hit a patch of song that they have trouble carrying.
This is where the night's DYL activities officially began.  I'm saying officially because you know we all started pickling our livers within an hour of getting off the plane.

Broken up into three seperate sections, you can either catch show in the main concert hall, a smaller more intimate performance in a cafe type setting, or grab a bite and drink in the restaurant bar.  Our only option for this night was the restaurant/bar.

Nothing really to write home about as far as the bar aspect of this place.  They have a medium sized bar at the very back of the restaurant.  With not a whole lot of bar area seating we squeezed ourselves into a couple booths as close to the bar as possible.  I think they were kind of miffed that we weren't there to have dinner, although we did order some bites to eat while drinking.  If they had any clue what they had sitting in their establishment they would have made a killing on drinks that night.

But they didn't so we had a few drinks, waited for the stragglers to join us, then headed to the next DYL stop of the night.
Just saw Bayside at the House of Blues, and I have to say, this place never lets me down! The drinks are a bit pricey, but not over the top. The kids are too "scenester-ish" but not enough to handle. The concerts are always amazing. I like this venue because this is the first and last time I will ever say this, but I enjoy the segregation. The young kids have their floor space, while us older folk (I'm only 22, but I feel like a granny when I see twelve year olds with more tattoos than my trucker grandpa) can hang by the three bar areas and enjoy a much better view. I also enjoy the fact that on those rare occasions that I can't see the stage, I can just look up at the various tv screens and watch from there for a while. The sound is always perfect, and there is a pretty cool vibe. The only concert I was bummed about was Ashlee Simpson a while back, but not because of anything wrong with the HOB...because it was Ashlee Simpson.
My mother always insists that we eat here when she is in town. I'm always hesitant to go, and then end up licking my plate as if I hadn't seen fried chicken before.
They have these catfish things that they fry and give you little shoestring sweet potato fries with them. So yummy!
I order the fried chicken because I'm of the mind that if you eat at a southern inspired place, you eat the native things. It is always surprisingly good. Would I order a Cesar salad here? No, but the things that they specialize in are gooooooood!!
We ended our Saturday night here after dancing the night away at J-Pop Lounge just down the way. The had a live act which plays every Saturday night called Boogie Nights and it was fun. 

Only downside was having to deal with the second hand smoke of the idiots near the entrance seeing as it was nearly impossible avoiding their fumes. Some people have no respect for others.
I'm a lazy person of habit.  So it should not be surprising that during my last stay at Mandalay Bay, I ate breakfast at the House of Blues every morning.

However, its convenient location and familiarity are not the only things that kept me comeing back.  Quite simply, their breakfast food is AWESOME.  They serve the best bacon I have ever tasted.  And that's not hyperbole....... it was so good that just thinking about it makes me salivate.

They also make a damn good waffle.  And my boyfriend was impressed that they serve 4-egg, rather than 3-egg, omelets.  

Their prices are reasonable for Vegas standards (our tab was usually around $26, except for the morning when I ordered four servings of bacon).  And the service is good.

I don't know if I'd make a trip down here if I were staying further down the strip, but if you're in the area, it's a good bet.
I have been to the House of Blues on 3 occasions, and I have never been dissapointed. Last weekend I went to the nightclub to see the 80's cover band "Spazmatics" for a friend's bachelorette party...The bands schtick is that they dress like nerds from the 80's, and they put on an amazing show, it was awesome! The band was great, I was dancing the whole time, the place has a really good atmosphere. We called and were put on the VIP list (the only way to go) so we had to buy a bottle of alcohol and we got a place to chill if we got tired. I liked the crowd, they weren't pretentious, and not too trendy. I would highly recommend this place if you want a cool place to dance, drink, hangout. It's a good mix of people, young, older, I danced with all kinds of people. Love it!
I do love the three sections of this place.  The restaurant (has the usual HOB food), the bar area/stage and the main concert hall.  

A while back, they had "Rock and Roll Karoeke" where a house band would play live, while singers got up and sang their selected tunes.  It was excellent!  

Have gone to a couple of concerts in the main concert hall and had a fantastic time.
I had the awkward situation of going to Vegas with my husband, my recently-divorced dad, and his new girlfriend.  His girlfriend likes to dance, with is fine with me, so we went here because this is the "discotheque" she liked last time they came to Vegas.  

It's House of Blues.  You know... it's more of a concert venue than really a club, but whatever.  I was exhausted, but we still stood in line about 30 minutes to get in.  Right before we got in, the girls in front of us handed free passes to my dad and his girlfriend.  So they got to get in for free, dang it, and we had to pay $25.  I was kind of pissed about this, because I could have just easily danced to Montell Jordan outside the club as in, but after a few minutes, a band started to pay called the Spazmatics (spelling?)

The Spazmatics really made the night a lot better.  They were four guys pretending to be super nerdy.  Boris, the Czech-exchange student on the bass, wore exceedingly embarrassing tight little shorts with his white oxford/sweater vest/bowtie.  Others had slightly larger shorts, but had weird glasses or sweatbands instead.  So funny.  The were an 80s cover band, and the singer was surprisingly versatile, and the band had some really hilarious banter between songs stemming from the nerdy costumes and personas.  They never broke character, insisting we say "HECK YEAH" when we liked a song so we didn't "have to put a dollar in the swear jar."  I'm glad HOB booked these guys, because they saved my quickly-starting-to-suck-night!
We went to the VH1 Rock Honor Awards  after party  which I believe was in the VIP area - so not sure about the typical crowd or main area but it was a fun venue.  The bartenders and servers were incredibly friendly, the music was great, the food decent and unusual, fun, new drinks were served.   I'd definitely go back.
This place is my favorite place in Vegas.. I  go for the food and the drinks as the service is always fast and excellent. Sat most at the bar and drank electric lemonade and please try the Cornbread and maple butter as its just ACE..
Was in the Foundation Room for a private party. An interesting, cozy space--not to say that it's small, but it has a nearly like-home feel with its fireplace and intimate seating. Balcony boasts a lovely view, though it was rather crowded and not quite so enjoyable when I was there. Looked like they had several smaller rooms as well, perhaps for intimate dinners and such. Drinks were fine, hors d'oeuvres and sweets were tasty, and service was absolutely excellent, generous and friendly.
An all in one experience.  It's the House of Blues.

The House of Blues is best known for being a concert hall, but you can get a bite to eat or down a few cold ones all the same.  I've seen Boogie Nights (a bitchin' 70's cover band) here and it was a blast.  The floor is spacious and can accomodate hundreds.  Opposite the stage is a bar and a couple of levels for people to hand out and watch if they don't want to be in the middle of the crowd.  However, some of the watching space, especially right in the middle in front of the bar, is for VIP seating.  Drinks are typical Vegas pricing.  You are inside the Mandalay Bay after all.

On a separate occasion I grabbed lunch at the restaurant.  It's in a portion totally apart from the concert hall.  Mix of booth and table seating.  I got a burger and beer.  Quality of food and service is good, but nothing extraordinary.  Set me back around 15 bucks, so you're not breaking the bank by any means.  It's also family friendly place.
Great atmosphere with music rocking round the clock. Took the kids and my sitter there for lunch. I enjoyed a shrimp ceaser salad and their signature corn bread with maple butter, yum yum! My kids both had Chef salads and their portions were very large and great for little fingers. The service was great, no complaints there. They got us a quite corner with view of the restaurant the casino so lots to look at while enjoying some good food.
I saw Thievery Corporation here during the Vegoose festival over Halloween weekend.  It's a pretty small venue which is nice because you have a close view of the stage from almost anywhere in the place (I always like to see what they're doing), but it also gets really crowded and is almost impossible to move around.  Overall, just okay.  Not bad acoustics.  I like the multi-level set-up.  I would recommend making it to the upper-level on the far side opposite the entrance.  From there you'll have a good view of the stage and crowd, be close to the bar, and have a little bit more breathing room.
Don't go to the House of Blues expecting a culinary experience to write home about.  Go there to have fun!  They are really are better at the whole rock and roll, get down, get funky thing.  I've had dinner here with hubby, we've seen Third Eye Blind play here (and we remember some of that experience) and we've gone to the Gospel Sunday Brunch.  One thing is for sure, we've had fun every time!  The Gospel Sunday Brunch was even more fun than we expected.  Stop by and let loose with whatever musical experience you choose to have while you're there. 

Check out House of Blues at:
http://www.hob.com/venues/clubvenues/lasvegas/
While I've been all over the country, and every House of Blues is pretty much the same, at least they're the same in that they're a great place to see a concert.  Good view of the stage from the entire venue and small enough to make it feel intimate (The Joint or The Pearl).  I especially like the great camera crew that shows the band on closed circuit TV's all over the club.  Three bars ensure you can always get a drink pretty quick, though at a major dent to your wallet.  It's a long walk from the parking garage, too, so be prepared for that!
the only times i have been here were for the shows during punk rock bowling. and every time i had a blast. i think the best show i saw here was me first and the gimme gimmes... the sound is always on point and the crowd seemed really chill... but then again how would i know, i was chillin vip with the bands.. hahaha.. suckers!!!!
Other reviewers are right-- the service wasn't great. It was borderline bad. But I did order some mixed drink thinking I would like it-- big surprise, I didn't-- and our server swapped it out for a bottle of Bass for me. It was a nice gesture and I appreciated it.

Although I'm from Orange County, I'd never eaten at HOB before, and since I was feeling like some cajun/Southern food, it sounded pretty good.

I had a big plate of jambalaya and it was great, but it was HUGE-- there was way too much to possibly eat in one sitting. One full sausage, two chicken legs, a half dozen shrimp, with more chunks of all of the above mixed in. I loved it, but my goodness!

For an appetizer, we also shared the catfish fritters which would have been nothing without the spicy dipping sauce that came with it! The sweet potato fries were the best I'd ever had-- finally a place that doesn't slather them with maple syrup and/or brown sugar. They were crispy and crunchy and delicious.

My boyfriend cleared his pulled pork sandwich off his plate.

We were there for his birthday but didn't really ask whether they did anything for that, so I'm not sure. Overall though, we enjoyed the meal and look forward to trying the HOB in Anaheim. Maybe their service is a little better.
Went here for lunch and it was baaad. The cornbread was edible and that was about it.
House of Blues is like the Hot Topic of venues for catching a punk show. I've been to one in Orlando for a Bad Brains reunion W/ HR singing. I've caught a couple of shows here in the Vegas location. The last one was Rancid. They make you check in spike belts and kick you out for dancing too hard (hence the nickname "house of rules") but I sit up in the balcony and act like I'm VIP those days of effin' up the dance floor are over for me. It doesn't faze me but I think it sucks for the kids coming up. Either way I guess you can go to any house of blues and know exactly what to expect and in some weird way I like that. It trips me out that they have the Sai Baba portrait above the stage.
Seen aq great rock concert here in late january.  I was here on the boss's coin and was told to take in some show/concerts.  Seen  "Mr  bad to the bone "  on a fri night george T was great.  Bar made good drinks GA tickets got up right to the front and swiched people maken runs to the bar.  I will go back when i am there in sept.
Chains don't normally do it for me, but this one if kind of fun, if you can forget it is a chain.  Music is always good, and it's a good place to grab a  drink and a snack... as long as you are in the mood for fried carbohydrates!
Food: Delicious! Had the fried chicken here with mash potatoes and fries, just what I was in the mood for. 

Price: Not bad, portions were pretty big and the food was good.

Service: Friendly. Our server was cool and very attentive. 

Atmosphere: Pretty chill in here, different music videos were playing on the tvs around the restaurant. Dark setting.

Location: Located at Mandalay Bay near the tattoo place.
This place is the coolest!!  I LOVED the dcor, the food, the vibe and every single thing in the adjoining gift shop, too...I could have spent hours up in there....

Came here for breakfast with my husband during our recent anniversary trip in Vegas.  What actually prompted us to eat in the restaurant was my stop in to buy one of their kick-ass t-shirts in the gift shop the day before.  When the girl gave me my receipt she said that if we brought it back the next day we could get 2-for-1 breakfast.  AWESOME!!  : )

So we came back the next morning and sat in their little bar seating area to have breakfast.  I ordered the Traditional French Toast and the hubby ordered a Breakfast Burrito that had eggs, chorizo, chiles, onions and cheese in it.  Both were SOOO FREAKIN' GOOD!!   Nothing particularly special in the preparation....just simply some tasty ass food!  

The whole time we were there we kept checking out the cool paintings on the walls and all the Day of the Dead style skull dcor...love that stuff.  We took a bunch of pictures, too.  

I would love to come back again and try the Southern/Cajun style food they have for lunch and dinner....YUM....maybe check out a show there too!  ; )
This is probably my favorite venue for a concert.  Its seats a decent amount of people but it also feels intimate.  I was able to catch Teena Marie here a number of years back and was impressed by the show and her talent.  Everytime I go to LV I'm sure to check and see who's performing there because I like the place so much.  One day I will try the Gospel Brunch other's rave about.
Stayed at TheHotel in prep for the Ice Cube concert at HOB LV.  The ticket and markee said the doors open @ 11:59.  So make sure you check out the lobby early.  The line started before 11pm.  If you get there early you may be able to get early entry with there with thier early entry special , but check that out.  The line got very long early, it started to wrap around the casino.  I suggest get a drink or two then stand in line.  Then they heard you past security into this type of holding pen deal, in front of the doors.  They let people enter in groups of 30-50, then would wait 5 minutes and let more in... i guess this was to help crowd control.  But i was just waiting for people to rush the door, which didnt happen luckily.  We had general tix, so we grabbed some watered down drinks from 1 of the 3 bars and headed to a spot on the floor in front of the stage.  WTH is this?! Ok the floor was super sticky.  Like somebody had a honey & beer fest and forgot to clean up.  The floor was so sticky, your shoes stuck as you walked, and dont stand in one place too long, you just might stick.  The lights, and sounds were great.  The show .. pure Ice Cube! I can't comment on the food, or anything else.. but its a good venue that could use some cleaning and better crowd management.  HOB on Sunset is better.
Came here for lunch, it was southern comfort! Full with Mac and Cheese, Pull Pork Sandwich, Fried Butter Milk Battered Chicken and Grilled Marinated Chicken Breast. None had any complaints, just full stomachs!
Came here twice for our recent Vegas trip: once for a quick snack/drinks and second time for brunch.  

Love the decor of this place, very detailed to create that gothic rock vibe.  Service here is EXCELLENT.  The staff is extremely friendly, relaxed and very attentive.

For the snack, we ordered fried catfish bites with sweet potato fries.  It was delicious!  The catfish didn't have any muddy taste and the aioli tarter sauce they served complemented the catfish well.  Presentation was creative too.  Also, my midori margarita wasn't mixed with enough liquor, but our server offered to mix us another drink or gladly remixed it for us.

For the brunch, it was alright.  I ordered a corned beef hash skillet, but I guess to show they used quality corned beef and potatoes, they didn't chop them up to little pieces but served big chunks of beef and potatoes.  I guess it's just different preferences.  My bf and friend ordered make your own omelette, but I didn't see them rave about it.  However, presentation was good and food was a lot and the our server was friendly and attentive (kept making sure my cup of coffee was filled).  We also ordered some garlic fries which were pretty good.

Overall I would be back for either lunch or dinner, maybe even try to catch a performance here too.
Clarification: This revue is of the House of Blues Restaurant.  Service was very good. James made sure we were always in good condition. Our food took 30 minutes to get to us...It was pretty good. A little on the pricey end for what they serve in my opinion. Highly recommend you give the waffle cut fries with melted gorgonzola cheese. I had the clam chowder in a sour dough bread bowl. Nothing to call home about, but still good. Portions are big so make sure you have somewhere to store your leftovers and you wont feel so bad about the tab.
We came here for breakfast the morning we left Mandalay Bay and Las Vegas. If only we'd known about it sooner. Great food (we got a custom-made omelet and the crab cake eggs benedict) for a decent price (in Las Vegas), fast service, fun atmosphere. Portions are good but not terribly excessive, and the coffee was kind of the best I've had in awhile.
I like HOB and visited the one in New Orleans before I knew there was one in Vegas.  I like this place.  It is a nice break from the Vegas sun and noise of the casinos.  This one is in Mandalay Bay, and we make the trek down to this end to eat at HOB, not because of Mandalay Bay.  The catfish nuggets and sweet potato fries are yum yum yum.  Get 'em, you'll like 'em.  We've had just about everything on the menu, even the fried chicken - very good.  You get a discount for the store and your next meal, so save your receipt!
One of my favorite music venues anywhere @hoblasvegas is small and lively with CHEAP ticket prices and BIG name talent.

The cafe is another story-OVERPRICED and just ok food. 

The menu is pretty limited and mostly cajun/creole dishes and sandwiches.

I got a burger an order of sliders and 2 iced teas=$35!!! WTF!

NOTE: Burger Bar is upstairs
One name for ya...BOB the barkeep the coolest dude ever!!! 
One food  for ya....catfish nuggets&sweet potato fries 
One drink  for ya.... Electric lemonade 

This place is Ace
I had the pulled pork sandwich with the sweet potatoe fries -YUM! The sandwich was off the hook. The pork was tasty and not over sauced on a soft bun. The sweet potatoe fries were sweet and crispy -just the way I like them. 

Service was just OK...
I like this place because we told our waiter we were in a hurry and our food came out in a flash! And it was good! Deep fried catfish with sweet potato fries! My hubby had the pulled pork sandwich with tender pork drizzled in bbq sauce. Definitely a good choice for nothing fancy but a good decent reasonably priced meal. Cheers to you wonderful waiter there!
This is just a concert venue review. The place is small and very quaint for a place that houses shows and it definitely let's you capture that personal feeling with the artist no matter where you wind up. I don't understand the two big pillars that block a ton of viewing (especially from the bar area). The whole stage center section around the sound boards is blocked off as well for a "VIP section" eliminating some pretty good viewing areas but yet no one was in it the whole night. 

The balcony area seemed very cool but it was closed for our show even though the bottom floor was jam packed with people which stumped me about the place as well. Acoustics were pretty good and you get a good energy level from the small and close size of the place when the crowd gets into it. The attitude of the personal I dealt with was piss poor and to put a "camera" in coat check cost $3.00!? All and all I had a blast but wish the artists selected a better Vegas venue.
Dinner at the restaurant was great. Service was on top of it, maybe too on top of it. The venue doesn't have the greatest sight-lines, can make you feel closterphobic if you're not into dark overly decorated walls and a full crowd, but the sound system isn't too bad. Chances are this is one of the 2 or 3 spots to see a good rock show in Las Vegas, so you take what you can get, eh?
I came here for dinner but to my dismay as every other dining option in Mandalay Bay had ridiculous waits. The menu is a hodge podge of heart attack-inducing foods with random influences that you would expect for all their calories would taste good but instead are completely bland and gross. The service was poor and the food took forever to come out even on a night when the place was only half full. The noise level was obscene. For half of our meal they had a horrible crooner screaching into the mic that made it impossible to hear the person sitting next to you. The second band was half decent at least and made the end of our meal a bit more enjoyable and fun.
Man came here a couple years back while I was vacationing  in Vegas with some friends and it was BAD ASS! We came to see this 80's band called The Spazmatics and it was off the chain. Drinks weren't to bad and they were strong. I know my friend ordered a round of shots for everyone and the dude hooked us up with huge shots. It was a fun night of dancing drinking and then ya know Vegas is 24/7 so that only makes it better. I definately recommend you to go here especiall if you can catch the Spazmatics there. GO!!! PEACE!
We went for the Blues night (Mon & Wed nights) - awesome music, great vibe. Had the sweet potato fries ($4) with a side of the Jim Beam BBQ sauce - GET IT! That was one tasteee snackalicious snack. Friend got the chick tenders w/fries - spiced in a way that made her sneeze, cough, lick her lips and go back for more. Be aware -you can't have just one of those fries. Think we're going back for acoustic night tonight!! BooYa! Its fun to live in Vegas!
One of our first drinking stops the Sunday we got into Vegas . . . I was still under the weather, but damn it, it was my vacation, and it was a rock joint, so a whiskey drink it was - bartender makes a fine Manhattan.  Word to the (un)wise - alcohol consumption doesn't really affect your cold one bit.  Just alternate Airborne and Emergen-C and you'll be fine.  My cold cleared up the next day because I attacked it with electrolytes and booze.  And blues.

My one regret is that we missed the Prince show later that night, but we had many miles to go before we slept . . .
Just the same as the HOB in your city.

I don't know how I got talked into going there for lunch this past Saturday, though there's absolutely nothing to complain about. The food is what you expect. And what you've had. Very corporate, very precisely portioned. I used to make fun of American tourists eating at McDonald's in Europe. Now I think I've lost that privilege. (For the record, I went to McD's because I like being served beer out of those wax paper cups. With a straw of course)

All in all, Vegas is home to many restaurants you don't have in your hometown. Try one of those instead.
I wouldn't go here to eat, but I ate here anyway to get the Front of the Line Pass you can get to enter the music venue earlier than everybody else. At other House of Blues locations, you can buy merchandise to get the pass, but here you have to order at least one entree. My meal was so forgettable, but the service was great all around.

The venue seems bigger to me than other HOBs because they've got a balcony with at least four or five rows of theater style chairs. The floor area is about as big as other HOBs. What made my experience at this HOB better than any of the other HOB locations was the staff there. They were so helpful with asking any questions and the security staff was the nicest I've ever encountered. Really cool security dude helped me get the lead singer's guitar pick. :) I'd give this five stars if they dropped the no-cameras policy.
We wanted something quick and easy so we stopped in. The atmosphere is cool. Food was ok. We got the artichoke/spinach dip which was pretty good. Served with chips. I ordered a half caesar salad, i ordered regular grilled chicken and think they did blackened so i didnt loved it but it was ok. The regualr order is HUGE. My date ordered a chicken wrap and said it was pretty tasty. So it was good but nothing that blew us away.
Big dissappointment!  

I went here with a large group of people, and our service was horrible. I really think the waiter didn't try becuase he knew he was already getting his 18% gratuity.  I had to ask for a water refill three times. wtf? (they were not busy either) The entree was horrible, and had so much peppercorn on the plate that's the only thing I could taste.  In fact, no-one in my party finished their plates, nor did they want to take the food home.  They need to step it up, bigtime.
***food review only***

i don't understand this place, i don't understand the menu, i don't understand the service, i don't understand why there isn't a daily special on sundays.

i always had the idea before i ever frequented it that the house of blues would be on par with hard rock cafe.  so naive.  it's not that the hard rock cafe is awful, it's that hob is a culinary trainwreck.  gordon ramsey would have a fit.

i think hob food can best be described as "down home southern cookin'" or something to that effect.  mac 'n cheese, jambalaya, rice and beans are all on the menu.  the menu is really extensive, and hob dabbles in a bit of everything apparently, but nothing on the menu looked good to me while i was here, and believe me that is saying something because i was STARVING and everything looks good to me when i'm starving.  i finally settled on the mixed field greens and a side of fries.  "unremarkable" is my verdict!  i had a few bites of my friend's mac 'n cheese...FAIL.  but that was to be expected, since emmy's spaghetti shack in san francisco has spoiled me for good in the mac 'n cheese department.
**VENUE REVIEW ONLY***

As a concert venue, HOB in Mandalay is pretty decent.  It's set up exactly the same as other HOB's, with the pit on the bottom floor surrounded by bar space, and seating upstairs.  I personally like the upstairs seating, because there is nothing worse than being a short person in a pit setting.  I've been here for a Nas show and to see Common and N.E.R.D. and both were outstanding - the artists really had the crowd dancing in the aisles and on the chairs.  Price wise, both concerts were reasonable too.

My only complaints for HOB :
1. It is a non-smoking venue (WHAT??!?!?!  This is freakin Vegas, everywhere should be smoking allowed) and there is no where to duck off too in between sets to get in a drag (unless you go all the way out to the casino floor or are brazen enough to ignore or subvert security and risk getting the boot)
2. the drinks!  friggin ridonculous!  i paid 18 dollars for a 'rita, including tip.  and it was nasty! (how do you %$*& up a margarita is beyond me).  trust me, drink before you go or strap something to your leg (no i don't remember if i went through a metal detector to get in, so do the latter at your own risk) :)
***FOOD REVIEW ONLY***

I went on Friday afternoon with my friend from California. I used to work at Mandalay Bay, but had never been inside HOB before, not even to the venue. I decided to try to the restaurant since we were playing tourist that day, and we had an event to go to afterwards.

The ambiance of the place was nice. The host and wait staff were okay. Not great, not terrible, just okay. The waiter could have been a little friendlier and more attentive, but he wasn't bad. The same could be said for the food. We went during happy hour and the last three appetizers on the menu were $5 a piece. My friend ordered chips with spinach dip and I ordered some chicken tenders with ranch dip and celery sticks. The chicken tenders were a little too spicy for my taste, but that is expected in a place like this. His spinach dip was slightly better, and I wish I had gotten that instead.

I contemplated getting jambalaya, but I got the "Chicken-Fried Chicken" instead. It was just mediocre. It was nothing to write home about. My friend got the bayou shrimp and cheese grits. He liked the shrimp, but he said the cheese grits were just average. We each got chocolate cheesecake for dessert. I think the dessert was the best part of the meal, which isn't saying much. However, our server redeemed himself when he told us about the 2-for-1 breakfast special the next morning if we brought our receipt. Too bad we weren't able to make it over the next day, otherwise I would have tried it out. Our check came to about $70 including tip for the both of us. Having the happy hour specials relieved some of it, but I thought it was kind of pricey for that type of casual dining place, but if you're on the Strip, that goes without saying.

HOB is good to try at least once, but if I were to go again, it would be to go to the venue, to try the Gospel Brunch on Sunday morning, the regular breakfast, or maybe even lunch or dinner again, but I would order something other than chicken. I wouldn't write the restaurant off just yet. I'll give it a second chance in the future and write an updated review.
Food Review Only

I thought this place was just ok. We did not eat anything the whole day so by 5 o'clock we just wanted to eat something. That and $5 happy hour sounded good.  We shared their happy hour appitizers and I ordered a pulled pork sandwich. Their appitizers tasted like appitizers you could find at Applebees, good but not spectacular. Their pulled pork sandwich was ok. The meat tasted good, but their sauce was too sweet for me. I like my sauce spicy.

Next time I come here I would rather go to a show.

Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
***I have been to a few House of Blues locations and this was probably the weakest of the bunch; pretty run-of-the-mill food***

Please note that this review is for the food only.  I've been to three House Of Blues--the original one in Chicago (which had a very nice interior, and the food tasted better too; maybe the atmosphere helped), the one in Anaheim (super busy, okay food), and this one at the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas.  I felt this Las Vegas location was the weakest of the three.

It was around five-ish, and we had late dinner plans.  We decided to come here to hold us over.  It was pretty dead.  For food, I went with the Buffalo chicken sandwich, which was pretty run-of-the-mill.  It was served with pretty boring and depressing looking french fries.  It was your typical chain experience.
I spent sunday morning in church, er sort of.  We saw Sunday Gospel and had brunch too.  man I forgot how much I loved this town.  I wanted to something different and I wasn't disappointed.
Sunday gospel brunch....skip it.

It's $50 for a buffet brunch (with "southern food") and a 45 minute gospel show. The food is just ok - plentiful, but lacking in flavor and, well, soul. Most of what I sampled (including egg dishes, fried chicken, roasted pork and salad) was blah. The two standout dishes were cheese grits and - would you believe it? - a rice krispy treat, and I can make both of those at home! The price includes all-you-can-drink mimosas and bloody marys, but they're watered down.

As for the entertainment, that's the real reason I wanted to go here - I love gospel music. The performers are talented, but the acoustics in House of  Blues are TERRIBLE! We had to move from our table on the lower level to the balcony, just to be able to understand half of what they were singing. The music is way too loud and the singers are shouting, and yet you still can't hear them. The balcony was marginally better, but even then the quality just wasn't there. I hope they can make some adjustments so future guests can actually hear the singers.
I've been here twice:

1) Dinner...don't remember what I got (the food was average, and forgettable, apparently).  I remember thinking, "how can THIS, cost THAT much?"  Tasty cocktails, way overpriced (I guess that's because it's in Vegas...).

2) "Salsa dancing" night.  The quotations mean they promote it as being salsa dancing, but really it just turned into a ghetto reggaeton dance club.  NOT what I wanted, and we had to pay the cover charge to get in...very disappointing.
Came here a few times over the years to see the Reverend Horton Heat. Entrance is easy, VIP balcony is unnecessary, standing-room only venue with good sound and ambience. Always a good time.
Ceasar side salad was awesome. Bleu "Blues Burger" was very mediocre. Dry and overdone. 

All-female string band was tons of fun.
House of Blues gets some of the best punk rock and indy bands out there. They seemed to pick up where the Huntridge left off.  Nothing in Vegas touches the Huntridge but HOB makes a good effort. The General admission  floor is the way a  a music venue should be.  The figging monster pillars are a pain in the ass for a music venue. The sound is amazing.  They need to get rid of the no studded belts, camera or chain wallets. You have a ton of punk rock bands playing there yet you ban the items they wear?? wake up! Joint, Pearl all allow cameras! How about no flash photography? No photos is just stupid.  You have  a great concept, you would get 5 stars if you would change some policies and chain saw those pillars out and put new hidden supports in! keep up the great music and tweek the policies. Otherwise and great venue.  Ticket prices are perfect! The restraunt I have eaten a few times and its solid but not amazing. Worth it to get something before or after the show but nothing amazing to go eat in my opinion.
We came here twice on our last stay at the Mandalay Bay this past week.  Once for dinner and once for breakfast the following morning to take advantage of their buy one get one free breakfast promo.

Both times were great.  Food and service was prompt an efficient, with the breakfast service especially good.  Our server was very friendly and pleasant to talk to.  I like the coffee, which in part may have been recovery from the previous night, but others in our party agreed too, so it couldn't have been all due to the late night!

We stopped by for bit after dinner for the music which was great, but it was pretty packed so we didn't stay long.

All in all, highly recommend for the food, service, atmosphere and music!  

I also visited the Foundation Room on an different visit (business) and that was NICE!
I came here on a Sunday night before heading back home and was sorely disappointed. I had the babyback ribs which were somewhat tasty but fell below standards that even Applebees upholds. The fries were bland and the iced tea was at a point where not even a cup of sugar could salvage it. The service was so so and I found it obnoxious that they come and take your picture and then try to sell it to you while you're eating. I ate on the side without the music so it was very empty. It seemed like people were having a good time on the other side..but I'm sure it has everything to do with the music and nothing to do with the food.
Good food and good music is a winner any night. They bring in some great bands and keep the resturant on top par with most strip favs
We got a 2-1 Breakfast Coupon for the House of Blues and it was well worth it. The food , coffee and service was excellent.
It came to about $25 with a tip for both of us. Not a bad deal for an upscale hotel.
I've eaten here twice in the last week. Breakfast is fine, but overpriced. If you get a 2 for 1 coupon from Mandalay Bay, it's worth eating there.

I also ate here during happy hour and it was better than expected. They had some special kind of rum on special so I had two mojitos and my boyfriend had 2 rum and cokes. With that we had an order of hot wings and a spicy shrimp dish w/ cornbread. Wings were SPICY and our drinks were perfect- our bill came to $21!! No complaints there!
One of my favorite music venues anywhere @hoblasvegas is small and lively with CHEAP ticket prices and BIG name talent.

The cafe is another story-OVERPRICED and just ok food. 

The menu is pretty limited and mostly cajun/creole dishes and sandwiches.

I got a burger an order of sliders and 2 iced teas=$35!!! WTF!

NOTE: Burger Bar is upstairs
Atmosphere is neat.. Will give them 2 star ONLY for the great bands they bring but their breakfast SUCKS! Food came out cold! Not Luke warm.. Not warm.. COLD! C'mon?! Really!? How can you eff up breakfest!?  Skip this place for eating and just go for the live music and good happy hour ..
Pro: Free Blues night Saturday.  Con: $19 for halibut pasta special.  The plate was decent enough but not outstanding, rum and coke for $6 was a better deal.  If it weren't on the Strip, this would be a pretty chill place to hang, grab a drink with a buddy and some decent grub.  I liked the act on stage, had a lot of heart and wicked shreds (8 string bass!).  Somebody mentioned that the speakers are too loud, I did find this to be an issue, but not so much to make it un-enjoyable.
I have to review this place, because they gave us such great service they deserve a good review. We came here for the game on Sunday. It was happy hour and all beers were $1, appetizers half off, and DonQ rum drinks  (which turns out to be really good) were $3. You can't beat that! My girlfriend and I consumed two pounds of wings without any help from our husbands. yikes! Yes, they were good. We initially had ordered 1 plate of wings and a spinach dip appetizer. The spinach dip was so bad. No one even took a second bite. Even though it would have only been $5 gone to waste we had to send it back because we were at a tiny little cocktail table and it was taking up too much space. I have to say, I have never seen a restaurant so cool about a patron sending something back. It was almost embarrassing how apologetic and attentive they were from that moment forward. They asked us what we wanted to replace is with. That's when the 2nd plate of wings came in. : / Three people came to check on us several times throughout the rest of our time there. Everyone was so nice. My drinks had the perfect ratio of rum and diet. Our bill came out to $34. Ridiculous!
Went here to see Norm MacDonald - funny bastard, degenerate gambler extraordinaire and hopeless alcoholic - not to mention a FUNNY BASTARD.  Drinks were overpriced, but what do you expect.  Best part of the night was when the ghetto fabulous mafia appeared late for the show with their cheap dial-a-dates...even the housewife next to me in the balcony started laughing when they appeared in their plastic Payless pumps and non-flame retardant ensembles.  I guess the old saying, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, doesn't apply to chlamydia - and that's not the name of a stripper at the Spearmint Rhino.
3 reasons to go:

Happy hour till 7pm, $1 beers, $3 'cocktails' (as long as they're made of rum and rum only, bizarrely). Half price appetizers. 

The food is excellent. Maybe we got lucky but the burger was excellent, as were the buffalo wings and the spinach dip. I didn't find it that overpriced for the quality (and quantity). 

Hot waiters.
Things I liked: 
-Reasonable priced casual lunch food at Mandalay Bay. Which says a lot for Vegas. 
-Less than 10 minute wait time to seat our party of 10 ppl. 
-Available seating soon after the Rock and Roll 1/2 marathon, which says a LOT, considering the race wrapped up just outside MB. We assumed this place could be jammed up. 
-Burgers were good, but after 13 miles, anything would have tasted good! 

Things I did not like: 
-They were out of sweet potato fries. We were so excited to have some. Huge bummer. 
-For not being jam packed with patrons, the service was rather slow. We had to ask a few ppl to find a server to bring water and take our orders. 
-Many of our orders were not prepared as requested. Onions were included when they should not have been. Salad was delivered after the entree. Some entrees were served 5-8 minutes before the rest of the party. Stuff like that. 

So, it was just OK. Not in a huge hurry to return.
The food at House of Blues is good, but nothing to write home about. I especially like the cajun dishes though. We went during happy hour so the drinks were by far the cheapest of our weekend in Vegas. After the meal we went to the venue to see Megadeth. THIS is where HOB really shines. So much better than the Joint in Hard Rock where we saw Muse the night before. Cheaper too. If you buy balcony seats there's a cocktail waitress that comes buy to take drink orders. Emphasis on seats! You can stand if you like but it is awfully nice to sit during a long show, especially during the lull of a set change. Plus, (and I know I'm a wimp for saying so) balcony seating keeps you out of involuntarily being dragged into the pit, which is really helpful when seeing a band like Megadeth. Best priced tickets you'll find in this area.
This a review of the Sunday gospel brunch only. Save your $42. The food was atrocious, especially the breakfast dishes. Eggs were cold, bacon was greasy and bagels were stale. But most disappointing was the music. The gospel singers were off key during much of the numbers and were mediocre at best, plus the acoustics were terrible.
This review goes for the concert hall

For me, this place is as good as it gets for a show.  Its not too big, not too small.  I have seen In Flames, Shadows Fall, Trivium and just recently Steel Panther here.  I love this place!  Steel Panther apparently play most Saturdays here and I would highly recommend the show as they are very entertaining.
Amazing happy hour. Great time there.

+ dollar beers.
+ half off appitzers
+ good country singer while we were there, old school
+ waiters were attentive but not annoying

- kind of hokey
- really loud, but what do you expect
- the breakfast was good, but not great

definatly worth a happy hour trip for sure!
I recently held my bachlorette party at House of Blues and had a good time!!! 

This House of Blues is located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel and has live entertainment at night (which keep in mind... they charge a 10% entertainment fee to your bill if you happen to be eating dinner while the music starts.) 

We got a great table in one of their back rooms that sat my 20 girl bachlorette party. The service was fast and attentive. The atmosphere was relaxed and decor was cool. The only thing that disappointed me was the food... it was overpriced and was not really tasty. 

All in all it was a good experience, mainly because of the company at my table. 

I probably won't be back because nothing really struck me as awesome.
Such a cool, laid back atmosphere.  The fun, funky decor is great.  Their happy hour -- 3:00-6:00 every day -- is excellent.  The staff is friendly and patient.  The food is very good (American and Southern inspiration).  And the music of course is outstanding, live or otherwise.

This is one of my regular stops whenever I'm in Las Vegas and one of the things I go into withdrawals from when I don't return often enough.
Outstanding.  Just very much fun.  There was _loads_ of great food throughout a southern-style buffet, carving station, salad and dessert bars, and a couple other areas I can't put a specific description on but that were just as stuffed with edible goodness.  There's free orange juice and water, and bloody mary's and mimosas as $4.25 [and the latter are excellent].  From the time the doors open, you get 30-45 minutes to eat and talk before the band and singers come on.  You can still eat during the performance, but it is hard to pull away -- the musicians are energized, full of life, and really get the crowd going.

I think I'd give this a 4.5 if I could.  But pretty much only because I like gospel _choirs_ even better than small gospel groups -- I just wanted to hear the place rock without the speakers blaring.  (Not that the sound was bad at all -- I'm just greedy!)  I'll definitely be back!
Other than the decor this restaurant is very average. Burgers, sandwiches, and salads. I had the Rueben with sweet potato fries. I could have gone to any other place and spent half as much and had just as good food. If you come here you many just want to opt for a drink and save your money to get food somewhere better.
We went here for early evening drinks, so we are unable to see a show.  We opted to sit at the small bar in the back which fortunately had two bar stools just open up.  The feel of the restaurant is pretty cool.  They were able to make good use of beer bottle caps recreating stained glass mirrors and other religious themed constructions, in effect, creating a church dedicated to the blues.  That I enjoyed very much.  What I did not enjoy very much was some of the clientele.  For example, to the left of me there was a long engaging discussion about the "right" and "wrong" ways to hit a woman.  I think the consensus was that open handed strikes were okay -- ladies, you have been warned.  The female bartenders were tatty and gritty, but amazingly attentive.  With each round the drinks got stronger.  Wine pours pushed the brim of the glass and Cuba Libres became transparent from the very high rum to Coke ratio.  Making the arrangement even more generous, it was happy hour when we went.  So our several drinks came out to very little money when all was said and done.  Our bartender received a nice tip in accordance.  

Overall, I am going to say this is a great place for drinks -- just be wary of the customers that may be hanging around when you go.  I think what I experienced was just a fluke.
Didn't try the food - so this review is really of the bar and happy hour specials.  

Came by about 30 minutes before the end of happy hour after a couple of hours gambling in the casino - happy I did as it's much cheaper to spend $3 on beers than lose $100 for a "free" one out in the casino ;)   There is a great selection of beers in bottles and the bartender is VERY generous with the pours of liquor.  

The bar was filled with "cougars" who kept hitting on my friend - very funny.  Clientele seemed to be a bit older than I usually see in bars I frequent, around 40-60 years old was the average age.
I have been here 3 times to see my favorite band of all time HIM. The first time was back in 2005 I believe. My friends & had GA tickets. We wanted to be up close on the rail so we ate @ the place to get early admission. I remember the food being good & that's about it. We were just amped to get into the venue & get a good spot.

2nd time we had balcony seats. This is when we started to wise up, felt old, & no longer wished to be crushed against the railing. Seats were great up in the balcony. Sound was awesome, bar & bathroom upstairs, what more can you ask for. 

3rd time involved GA tickets again. This time we just chilled by the bar for the entire show. Bartenders are super attentive & friendly. Even spilled 1 drink on the bar cuz I got distracted & the dude just poured another without giving me any attitude. 

 I will gladly travel to HOB Vegas to see a show anytime. On the plus side, Vegas crowds aren't pretentious like LA crowds. They actually get into the bands playing & aren't on their cell phones the entire show.
HOB located right smack dab in the middle of Mandalay Bay had a great atmosphere and the food was pretty good. We ate breakfast there and we left pretty full and happy. Our server was very sweet.

My friends and I had a really good time shopping in the little gift shop-really cool items!
Solid. 

When you come to the House of Blues, you are usually coming here for some name act. I popped in here last last night with some friends for the Steel Panther show.

Although the show itself was a bit cheesy, it was a fun place to hang out with friends. The bartenders didn't treat me like an idiot when I asked for ice water.  Service is good. Enough bartenders for a full crowd.

The stage and venue is quite small, but it's perfect! I can imagine seeing a big-name act (bigger than Steel Panther) and really enjoying the intimate vibe.

Plenty of televisions so if you are talking to your friends or cozying up to a neighbor, you can still see what's going on in the stage area.

Steel Panther was pretty cool, since locals get in free. Holler.

I'll write up another review when I come here for a real show, but for now....A-OK.
I didn't realize this was like a concert with food. I'm not sure if the music varies from one week to another. But the gospel band that played, did a lot of preaching. More than I've experienced in Glide Church (my favorite gospel venue in San Francisco.) 

The band was fine, but the set was very short!! One of the singers seemed to spend an awful lot of time introducing his family, his friends, any married people in the audience, any birthday people in the audience, and basically jabbering instead of cranking out the good gospel music.

The food was plentiful, as any buffet is, but nothing stood out, and a few things just didn't taste good. The carving station had ham...or ham. The salad bar didn't have anything beyond standard salad stuff. The deserts were ok. The shrimp were fine. The biscuits and gravy were fine. The chicken was yummy. And everything else was utterly forgettable.

Also, maybe drink prices went up, but I got a diet Coke, a bloody mary and a club soda, and it was $12.50. 

I love gospel music, but prefer mine without the preaching -- esp in a secular venue.

I wanted to go.
I went.
I wouldn't go back again.

It wasn't awful. But there wasn't anything great about it either.
Only reviewing the drinks here- expensive and the margarita tasted like there wasn't any tequila in it. Will definitely not be back.
I've been here for concerts and shows but never ate at the restaurant. My boyfriend and I decided to try it out after watching The Lion King. We were pretty disappointed with the small menu and prices. Like many restaurants in Las Vegas, they charge you an additional tax for live entertainment. It's really difficult to carry on any kind of conversation with music blaring.

The service was great but the food was definitely not worth the price. 
With entrees being approximately $20, I expected fairly good to large sized proportions. Not great food selections and the taste was alright. I feel like I would have been more satisfied from McDonald's.

I won't ever come back for the food.
Worst place we visited our whole trip. Except for our waitress Aune.. she was BY FAR one of the BEST waitresses we had the whole trip. The food was almost unedible. We had the corned beef hash.. which tasted like it was a microwave meal. I ate the toast and that was about it. My husband had the 2 egg breakfast, the portion was small and was cold by the time we got it. The bloody mary was awful.. Our over $50 tab for 3 meals and one drink seemed ridiculous. Won't be back!!
Come here ONLY FOR THE HAPPY HOUR!! 

The food is reminiscent of high school cafeteria food but the HAPPY HOUR IS SUCH A good deal, it's worth it.... but only for happy hour!!

I think like 4 of us had drinks and food for like 35 dolla!!

Remember, this isn't mortons, and only order appetizers and beers and mixed drinks during happy hour and let the vegas dream live on beootches!
Went here for breakfast. Food was great. Service was great. Price was great. I've heard this place is very lively at night as well. Would definitely recommend.
Happy hour in Vegas on a weekend...Say what?? My friend & I ventured in to good music playing, cheap stiff drinks and food specials. Great way to unwind after walking the strip!  Plus service was great & entertaining.
This is a really cute placeit's something different. 

I had the watermelon spritzer, very sweet, but good if you like watermelon. They refill it for you too

voodoo shrimp - i usually never eat shrimp, but our waitress recommend this so i had to try it. It was really good, jumbo size shrimp smothered with tasty seasoning over corn bread that melts in your mouth!

gumbo - its thick and gooey it was decent. Tasted way better with hot sauce :)

baby back ribs -  literally fell off the bone... it was delish! it also came with cold slaw, beans, and corn. mmMMm the corn was good up until i dropped it :( But my sweet server saw the whole entire incident and fired up a new one for me right away!

Lastly, we had the field of greens... the portion was smaller than the ribs, but that's okay. every bite was yum :)
Went here for breakfast not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. Pancakes were fluffy and tasty, hash browns light and perfectly cooked, eggs fresh and just right. Well, the coffee was weak but at least no bad tastes. Staying at Mandalay 3 days and we'll be back
Just got home not to long ago from hanging out with some friends. We went to the House of Blues to see a concert for the "wonder Girls". They were pretty cool. My friend is more into them, but had me watch a couple of videos on youtube. In the videos the costumes were very colorful and different, yet I like it. We were up front right in front of the stage. This was my first time being there. I was about 15 to 20 minutes late since the concert started right at 6pm. The opening act was the "2AM" group. They were a bunch of young handsome men performing on stage, but I was too busy looking for my friend and her friend that she brought with her. We had a blast standing right in front of the stage to where we could reach out if the performers reached out. As I finally find my friend, the guy band was just finishing up. She said she was upset because I had my camera and didn't take any pics of the guys.. I was tooooo busy looking for her. Then we waited for a short period for the "Wonder Girls" to come out. At that time, I had to ask the security guard if it was ok to go down the stairs in front of him to be with my friend. He was kind enough to let me go. I took his pic later but it was tooo blurry!!! Then the "Wonder Girls" finally came out and gave a good performance. Most of the pics that I took, were a little blurry but it was ok. I even took video clips of the girls as well. Thanks to my friend, I had a good time hanging out.
First off - this review is only for the concert going experience. I don't think I've every actually eaten here, and don't really plan to. 
I've been here quite a few times since I've lived here for concerts. I've actually been to this venue more than any other in town for concerts. 
The last concert I was here for was just this past Friday (Keane with Ingrid Michealson and FRAN HEALY from TRAVIS). The most recent time before this weekend was in October, so I can't really rate on that experience. I've never actually gone to a concert for the almost sole purpose of seeing an opening act (if you couldn't tell, I was there for Fran from Travis). The tickets for this venue usually cheaper than other places on the strip (these were $28 for GA...however, I paid over $15.00 in taxes and fees for each ticket). I've never encountered a completely sold out show, and the will call window is super easy and doesn't typically require an additional fee.
The box office staff at HOB are great. Very friendly and very helpful, this was no exception. The ticket and front security are also efficient and pleasant. They don't seem to get too upset when you are waiting to get into a show. 
The only staff that aren't always good is the inside security. Often times they get a bit assertive about phones and cameras when their really is no need. However, I can see this as a good thing when people really are out of control...which I've seen a couple of times. As for a concert venue, I really think its odd that they have bathroom attendants. I am at a  standing room only concert where I paid $30 for a ticket...I don't really need a bathroom attendant...I guess its charm. The drinks are priced pretty typically for the strip. I had a 24oz Miller Light for around $8. 
Usually the sound and lights are good. This past concert was not good. The first two acts everything seemed to go okay. But when Keane finally started (after what seemed an eternity) the sound was off, and it never really got clear into  the show. My biggest problems where that a) the staff didn't let us know there was technical issues, despite us being able to see they where having problems. b) they didn't get their stuff figured out  to make the sound better, leaving me (maybe I was the only one) with an incomplete feeling from the show. They finished their set, but I couldn't say I 100% enjoyed the show, despite being a fan. 
If I could I'd give a 3.5 because I've seen some amazing shows here. However, its going to be a 3.0 until I can get back to see they still have their act together.
I'm pretty much reviewing this just based on the atmosphere....which is really REALLY cool in my opinion. The downstairs is really open, with a bar, a large dance floor, and stage for concerts. The band playing that night was pretty good, and it was fun to kick back on the balcony above it and bop around to the music. I was there for an event, so we had free wine and beer for a bit (although I was only able to take advantage of one free glass of wine, BOOO) and although I didn't personally try any of the food, the guys I was there with scarfed a bunch of spicy-smelling chicken wings and fries. 
The crowd is pretty good, too. Even though it's in Mandalay Bay, right on the strip, it didn't seem to attract your typical bro-man Vegas crowd, at least not the night I was there (which was Saturday). I'd actually like to have a conversation with the any of the patrons at House of Blues. Four stars for that alone.
Hey!!  I'm waving my at you!  Yes, I'm up on the stage at the House of Blues Gospel Brunch, and I've got my big blue hat in my hand, and my Sunday print dress on, and I'm waving at my pals to come on up and join me!!! Which they eventually do, after slurping down the last of their Bloody Mary's.  The music just enters your brain and gets your spirit hopping, and before you know it you're up on your feet on stage, even if it isn't your birthday or anniversary, it can be one of the best times of your life.
The buffet is a generous and overwhelming helping of Southern food, so there are a lot of Southern favorites like ham, peel and eat shrimp, corn bread, and even grits, as well as coconut cake and all the regular breakfast staples.  The meal is served at long tables, like a dining hall, then the band comes on and renders their soulful ballads in the best of gospel style.  There is an invitation for interaction with the band, the servers constantly bring drinks around, and if you are able to recover from tehenight before, go on up stage and sing halleluliah like you mean it!
Well... came for a late lunch here after a trade show... probably not the best time to experience the place. While the food was not bad, it was far from memorable.
This review is for the restaurant.  we went here twice on our most recent trip once for happy hour and once for lunch.  we were staying at mandalay so it was easy to come here.  ill start with happy hour we had to get a table for it since the bar was too full to sit anywhere and get appetizers.  they seemed apprehensive to let us have a table since they said its only for food.  happy hour has $2 domestic bottles $3 import bottles $4 mixed drinks and half off appetizers.  we got a spinach dip and order of buffalo wings each $5 each.  for that price they were a good deal.  for the normal $10 that they would cost i wouldnt order them.  but that goes for most restaurants appetizer prices.  now i ordered a sam adams which is listed as a domestic beer but gets the charge of an import beer.  i know its a dollar but come on sam adams made in boston equals domestic beer.  the bad part about this was half way through eating some putz came on stage to play his guitar with terrible music and they added the dreaded live entertainment tax that i had read about on here.  an extra $3.80 for this guy.  i dont quite get the live entertainment tax because they dont charge it at margaritaville or toby keiths if someone was playing so i dont know if this is exclusive to them or not.  total bill was about $26 for 4 drinks 2 apps and one terrible musician.

for lunch i had a cup of gumbo which was alright, a tasty buffalo chicken sandwich and my wife had a pulled pork sandwich which she enjoyed.  tons of fries served with each sandwich.  more than enough food.  we used a $25 restaurant.com certificate.  with that and added in tax and gratuity our total bill was only $19.  so lunch ended up being cheaper than happy hour.  thank goodness for no musician.
I like corn bread. The HOB corn bread is the best I've had....ever. And the honey maple butter thing with it....sheeee get out man! Now why don't they have this by where I live? Think I'll search for it now.

On this particularly insomnified night, I'm thinking of all the places I've eaten & Yelpin' 'em all from memory....testing, testing.....
This is a review of HOB Vegas as a concert venue. The food, I've had before and no offense but I'd seriously pass on it...

We saw AFI here this last January. AFI is one of my favorite bands, but more like a 90's version of them and not like the current circa 2000's December underground version. 

As for the venue, this place kinda rocks. It is stadium seating so no problem getting a good view. I feel like it was general admission (pretty sure) but we had no problem getting really good seats. No problem getting in and out of the venue. Even with a long line it moved pretty fast. Good sound overall for the one show we experienced here. Their bar service was really fast with no waits upstairs.

I prefer this HOB over Anaheim any day. Plus the "disneyland" you deal with in Vegas is a lot cooler than the real one. And you don't have to deal with soccer mom's trying to run you over with their strollers...
We came here for Sunday brunch. We wanted to do the gospel brunch, but didn't realize it was only at certain times; so we just came here since it was next door. 
The food was good. I had a well made omelet. The hash browns are Denny's style (grated - hard on top, soft on bottom) but tasty. No complaints about that at all. 
I will complain about the service. Our server must have had a long night before or is just dumb. She brought us our drinks and I asked for a straw. We were seated next to the bar where I could see straws. She continued to check on all her other tables and go in the back. A few minutes passed and I was thirsty, so I went to the bar and got my straw. (Sorry but I will not drink from the glass at restaurants. None clean their glasses by hand and there's usually left over lip balm on the sides. Gross.) I realized I didn't have a knife and asked her for one before my food came out since I knew it would take her a while. She looked at the empty tables around us for one. None of the tables had silverware on them, our hostess put them down when we were seated. It was strange. We asked for boxes and she returned with them. Usually when guests ask for boxes, that means they are done so that's the server's cue to leave the check. Nope, we had to wait for her to make her rounds and go in the back again for her to come back and ask us if we had any coupons. Then she left again and brought us the check. It was truly annoying and because of her, I probably won't go back.
I can only comment on the House of Blues as a concert venue.  We've been here twice (both times to see Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers perform) and I will say that the venue itself is awesome!  Very cool vibe - open and spacious, although it still gives you the feeling of being small.  The decor and lighting makes you feel as though you are transported to a different city.  For us - we prefer standing room for concerts - so you can move in closer and the setting is more intimate. It almost seems as you are at a private concert with just you and the band.  The crowd really gets into it - and the bands feel the energy!  Although our friends have told us that HOB Las Vegas can get shoulder to shoulder crowded for events, both times we've been there it has been perfect.  

The bar area is elevated, with stairs or a ramp leading you down to the floor area.  Even being 5 ft 2 I never felt like I had to struggle to see over the person in front of me.  The sound quality is also awesome!

The only complaint I have, with that of any concert venue, is the bar and beer selection.  Although it was super easy to get a beer (no lines) the prices were pretty ridiculous.  $26 for two Coronas (okay - so they WERE king cans of Corona) but still - a little insane.  But again that's expected when you're out to see a concert.

A definite plus is that being a Vegas venue - the band was able to play past midnight (almost 3 and a half hours), unlike a lot of places where they are cut off early!  House of Blues in Vegas is one of our favorite concert venues!
Just came here for an event. Met president Bill Clinton here and had a photo taken with him, so I can't rate this place lower than 5 :)
Pizza was bland.  Cost of beer inexpensive.  Service was marginal.
I have always loved this place in the Mandalay Bay especially for breakfast.  Last week I had lunch.  I had some very good fish gumbo, and their House Burger--a mushroom, mozzarella cheese burger.  The gumbo was outstanding with just a little kick to it.  The burger was very good also, but a little greasy!  My one complaint was the service was very slow.  They were rearranging the room for the Gospel Brunch which is the best time to come here.  House of Blues is one of the best theme burger joints.  I have not had breakfast here this past year, but it was always great.  You cannot go wrong with the burgers here, although they are not anywhere near the class of the elite burger joints.
This review is for the food.

AMAZING.  We woke up rather late and were starving.  One of my friends said "I'm feeling a big fat juicy burger with mushrooms and avocado and sweet potato fries" and the next minute four drooling women were on a major mission.  We walked into The Caf in The Hotel and saw maybe two burgers on the menu, with overly fancy fixings for $18.  FAIL!  

On our way to get a quick Starbucks, me and another gal checked the menu for House of Blues as we passed by and low and behold- burgers and sweet potato fries for about $12!!!  

Our waiter, Angel, was super sweet and did an awesome job of taking care of us!  

I'm adding this place to the short list for best sweet potato fries, ever!  Sweet, slightly salted, crispy, and delicious and Angel recommended the spicy tarter sauce to go with (SO GOOD).  I ordered the Mushroom Swiss Burger and it was heaven in my mouth; grilled onions and shrooms falling out all over the place, juice all over my hands.  Lawd.

I'm definitely coming back here next time I'm in Sin City!!!
I would have given three stars but they charge you an "entertainment" tax of 18% when dining here.  They had two guys playing on stage and after we came in they sang TWO songs and were done for the night.  They were O.K. and actually I was glad when they were finished as they were a little too loud and I just wanted dinner.  And the service wasn't too great either.

For dinner we shared the Gator Pizza which was really quite good with just enough kick to it.  And we also shared the Paneed Chicken  which wasn't as good.  It had a strange flavor to it that I can't really describe.  We got a watermelon spritzer drink which was like a watermelon soda and that was really good.

Not sure if I will be back as I feel they should have informed me about the entertainment tax beforehand and the food is just O.K. nothing that I would want to pay an additional tax for!
My mom and I both got the worst food poisoning here from the steak!!!!!  Avoid it!
Not only great for concerts, but breakfast is the bomb. Fast service great food. Can't wait to come back.
This place just didn't do it for me. We ate at the restaurant...forgettable and went to a music venue. The venue was just small...most clubs are bigger than this.
best place in las vegas to see a concert. small venue, you can see everything on that stage. its especially really nice when the cute singers take their pants off and sing. its like you brought binoculars its so cozy.
Every HOB is the same, right?  Not true.  Instead of the standing room everywhere downstairs deal that I'm used to, these guys have added a few "VIP" areas where one could sit down and/or get bottle service.  Man, this VIP/bottle game has gotten toooo ubiquitous here in the City of Sin.  

So we were here to see Steel Panther on a Fri night.  Not too bad a line and I coughed up for the first round of drinks while the others found us a place from which to watch the show.  Just below us are totally unoccupied comfy couches guarded by a helpful gentleman who said that for $300 we could sit and get a bottle of hooch and mixers.  Nay say I, besides, we're drinking beer.  Roll up the sleeves, here come the negotiations...  Long story short (too late) we got down to $150 and it comes with a $100 bar tab.  Still we walked on the deal--two of our members were not drinking by that point.

Anyhow, decent show (though long on the banter and mucho sampled backgrounds) and a decent sound in the venue, but I have one more complaint.  While I was...um...making room for another beer I noticed that Fridays were $6 24oz Bud Lights.  Since I had been paying $11 for 24oz Coors Lt I decided to switch.  Ordered up 3 and was told that it would be $33.  I reminded the tarbender of the ad in the bathroom and he said that was the 12oz cans.  Aw, fuggetaboutit.
Good food. Good Service. Great live music--gratuity paid for live music.
If you ever get a chance to see one of your favorite bands at the House of Blues,  DO IT. The venue is the perfect size to see an intimate show from general admission or the paid seats. The energy in the place is awesome and infectious. The only knock I had was the somewhat small bathrooms and the ridiculously overpriced drinks. These weren't enough to take off a full star, so my true rating would probably be a 4.5 stars.
I've always enjoyed watching shows here. It's nice and small, so you're pretty close to the performers even if you're in the back. Of course, I'm talking about the general admission floor area. I'm not really sure why anyone would pay extra to sit up top.

Ticket prices don't seem to be as cheap as they used to be. I remember paying $20 to see Foo Fighters a decade ago. I also saw Redman and Method Man for about $20 and I bought Killers tickets for my brother for $20 a pop. Last week, I paid $45 to see Wu-Tang Clan. Still, I like the venue. It may be on the strip, but Mandalay's parking is easily accessible from the freeway.

On the restaurant side of things, I've eaten here a couple of times, but quite a long time ago. I remember having the Jambalaya and I still think that was one of the best I've ever had. I'm not an expert by any stretch. For some reason, whenever I see Jambalaya or Paella or Risotto on a menu, I have to try it. In fact, I saw a restaurant.com coupon for this place yesterday. I may need to return to try that Jambalaya again.
Love the HOB! We saw a great band here, and it was amazing. Again, the wings will never let you down... so great! The prices weren't too outlandish considering the great atmosphere and live music.
Perfect size. Friendly staff.
First off, let me qualify that I've never eaten here, just gone to the shows.

If I have any real issue with this concert venue it is that I am a little bored of it.  Seems that about half or more of the bands I want to see in Vegas are playing here.

The VIP areas are a little annoying, but this is Vegas.  Maybe I've just lived here too long to be outraged by this, but they really aren't in the way of anyone of average height.  The VIP boxes are lower than the bar area so those of us in the back still get a nice view from any of the three bars.

The floor area is of decent size but can be a bit too crowded for some of the more popular shows.  All in all unless you plan yourself behind a pillar the view is good from just about anywhere.

Sound is no better or worse that most places I've been, though I can remember a show some years back where a band blew at least one of the venue speakers mid-set which was obnoxious.
We stopped into House of Blues for breakfast thinking what could possibly be simpler than steak and eggs or other simple breakfast fare? 

Obviously, quite a lot could be simpler, the first red flag heralding the catastrophe to come was the complete lack of anyone at the matre d' kiosk for five minutes. The food was greasy, overcooked, and completely disappointing for the price. The service was amateurish and ghastly at very best. It's probably a better gig if your enjoying a show with a couple of drinks in you.
This review is for breakfast. I ordered the sampler and everything was luke warm. The yolks of my over easy eggs were solid. The portions were huge and the pancakes were tasty but everything was overpriced. With the price I paid please bring my food to me warm and cook my eggs right. Even my mimosa couldn't redeem my experience.
The main reason to come here is the cornbread, which is simply the best you'll find anywhere. Outside of that, the fare is very average. My baby back ribs were too stringy and didn't have enough meat on them andThe cook tried to compensate by over saucing them with a tangy sticky non spicy sauce.  The beans were good but the gumbo was utter crap! The service was nothing special either. Only come here if you're desperate for cornbread.
First time at House of Blues, Vegas edition.  Was brought here for a Steel Panther show by a Steel Panther lover.  I'll focus on the venue and not get distracted by the major girl fight that occurred... which was quickly ushered off the stage (go bouncers, go!).  PS - the bouncer right in front is huge.  Don't you dare think of climbing on stage.  

The main floor appeared mostly packed, so we chose a spot right behind the railing by the upper bar.  View was good - a bit confused by the VIP (maybe?) area behind the sound booth where a few people were hanging out.  Sound quality was a bit muffled, but maybe I just had a hard time understanding the lyrics and the banter onstage.  Still, it wasn't the most superb.

I spotted two bars, one close behind where I stood... there was plenty of room for purchasers at the bar and the crowd watching the show from the higher level; the second bar was on the left side of the room.  Both bars were extremely overpriced considering the liquor prices in Vegas, so I opted out.  

*Shows:  The upcoming band lineup looked great.  I'd definitely consider 
a late night concert in Vegas easily.  

*Location :  Easy to find in Mandalay Bay

*Parking:  A cinch.  Vegas is good for parking.  Free self-parking all over the place!  

*Price:  Seemed reasonable (~$20).  If you were local to LV, you could get into the Steel Panther show I saw at HOB for free.  And who said there's no such thing as a free show?  It exists here.
Tried to come in here for an early lunch at about 10:40 on the morning we checked out of Mandalay. They weren't serving lunch until 11 and didn't offer us the opportunity to just hang around so we ended up ordering breakfast. I got the gravy and biscuits (which the waitress immediately corrected to "biscuits and gravy" - strange) and the wife got a breakfast burrito that seemed pretty standard.

Overall we were in and out in less than 30 minutes. Service was ok, food was ok, kind of annoyed by the whole thing, hence the 3 stars.
Not fancy, but cool as hell. Kinda like the blue bayou at disneyland in atmosphere (trying to create an outdoor, southern atmosphere inside) but with actual solid interpretations of southern classics. 

Service is spotty but, hell, you're in a casino and the chef isn't a celebrity. 

Biscuits and gravy rock the party, but, predictably, you can only eat about one, since they are so rich. Still, yum yum. 

Also, beans, rice and jambalaya kicked my ass. In a good way. Spicy, tons of protein, rice not cooked too much and hot sauce. Buh-bye hangover. 

Best part? If you eat here for breakfast your receipt has a 2-1 offer for breakfast the next morning (Read: grub on biscuits and gravy for free. WORD!)

This is a great stop if you're in the Mandalay/Luxa/Ex area. :)
Hit up House of Blues for Lunch, while in Vegas...Ambeince  great, service was good, restaurant was actually fairly busy for a Monday afternoon.  Food was just ok, not great.  We got the Shrimp Po Boy, Gumbo, Blue Burger, Blackened chicken Sandwich and Kids Mac. Decent portions, just not a lot of flavor... but lets face it theres better eats in vegas and your not stoping here for the culinary excellence, its the music, drinks and location!  Have fun play hard its vegas baby!!
This place is huge and sits off to the side in the Manadalay Bay casino.  It has that fake rustic look and lots of tables everywhere with a stage for their acts.   HOB is about the merchandise and not the food.  

I have never seen a show here. I ate breakfast here once.  I ordered a $11 ity bity breakfast burrito that was the blandest thing ever!  Plus service was so-so for being so dead.  

Their lunch/dinner menu looks good, but after the bad breakfast I probably wouldn't head back.
Didn't like this place on a Sunday night. Really expensive beers and the music wasn't good blues. Seemed more of rock music. Plus there were a lot of weird paintings.
Like all House of booze's, I usually only come when a good band or artist is perfoming.  

Sound is decently well, and you can for the most part have a good view of the stage anywhere you stand, unless it's packed like the night I went to see Social Distortion play.  This place gets negative points for having limited bartenders to a sold out Social D show, having to wait in a line to get a drink is no fun!!!!!

I would come here again though!
5 Stars??!! For the Vegas HOB??!!  Really?

Yeah.... here's why.....

 My wife and I stay in Vegas way too much. We love Mandalay Bay. 

Invariably, I check out who's playing the HOB downstairs, plunk down the money (generally a great deal) and go see a band of which I have a passing interest.

I've been blown away by some bands (Porcupine Tree) and pleasantly surprised by others (Joe Satriani, Styx, Flogging Molly) Some have been a drunkin mess. (I'm looking at you, Joe Rogan)

All have been entertaining.
I've been here before, but never for their happy hour.

Came here prior to a night of clubbing at Vanity.  The happy hour wasn't huge or anything , but what I did order was super tasty!

Ordered:

Spinach & Artichoke Dip-  Man this was a huge order of chips and dip.  Red chips and white chips ...oh my !!   I love this stuff... one of the best I have tasted.

Buffalo Wings-  $5.00 for a pound of wings... Score !!!  Don't forget the ranch, napkins, extra napkins, and a wedge of lemon to help cleanse your hands of the buffalo scent.  The power of citrus ...amazing !!

Blue Skittles Shot-  This was not on the happy hour, but it was recommended by my server.  It really did taste like a Skittle!  I wonder if there are other shots that taste like the rest of the rainbow?  
He let me keep the shot glass too!  Heck yeah !!

I recommend this place for cheap Happy Hour on the strip.  Great value!

Free shot glass, good recommendation from the server, cheap happy hour, awesome Spinaach Dip and Wings... how can I not give them a 5?
Overpriced drinks and food, but the best place to go for shows.  If it wasn't for the concerts, I would have no desire to come back.
yup, it's a fiver =)

I enjoy the service and the food is good, too...after a long day bringing tourists to Vegas on vacation, I'm due for some down time my self. I enjoy some live music, a plate of baby back ribs, some sweet potato fries and a Stella...life's good.  The staff is friendly and fast, from the waiters to the bartenders, and my food is always done just like I like it.  It's a fiver...yup!!!
* We used restaurant.com gift certificate for lunch.

* I had the steak salad and it was just ok.

* I wished we went to the Gospel brunch instead of just the regular restaurant area.

* I think this place is better for dinner than lunch fare. I think it will be more lively :).
The service is so very slow.  It took far too long just to get our drink orders in.  Then another millenium went by waiting for them.  Then the food came out so much later.  Our server was friendly, but it could not make up for the tremendously slow service.  No, it was not that busy either.

The food is just ok at best.  I ordered an omlette and it was edible, but not much better than that.  Just no flavor.

I knew better, but I let friends make the choice.  Never again.
My wife and I frequent this place mainly cause its UBER fun! Let's start with the concerts. Decently priced entertainment in Vegas is hard to come by. Here I rock out with the wife in a totally cool concert hall and I still got enough for the booze. The last act I caught here was Satriani and dude was I blown away! Ok now the food is the usual fair but not the generic casino food you always see. Wings are hot served with slaw and bleu cheese. Pepperoni Pizza's are crisp. Smokehouse Burger with Bacon is my usual choice cause with the burgers they load the fries. They also put together a pretty good rib platter. Ceaser salad with Salmon was nicely put together. Gumbo was flavorful and filled with sausage and shredded chicken. So if your down for the type of food that goes great with loud live music and I say this cause there is always some band or act playing on the main stage then your in for a treat. The Bread Pudding is what the wife likes. Servers here are simply the most down to earth people you'll ever meet. Amongst the chaos of live music she was able to keep our order totally straight with a smile to die for. Party of six. I don't  mention names in my reviews but if you get the sweetest red hair lady you will agree. Since you read this far here the secret tip, the happy hour is the best time cause its half off all the appetizers. Other times this place can tend to be a bit pricey with the added entertainment taxes that Las Vegas charges when Live music is playing. If you go to  http://restaurant.com your able to get a discount voucher that you can use to counter this extra expense. My last note on the House is Check out the Steel Panther act. I had a good buzz and stumbled in to the concert. It was the funnest time I ever had at a rock concert. It was Hilarious!!! Then after the concert there's an DJ Spinning out After the restaurant closes. This place is way too much fun.
My 21st birthday was spent in Vegas, and in the duration of my trip I visited House the House of Blues twice! I couldn't ask for a better place to have gone for my birthday! I love the House of Blues. 
This one isn't the first one I've been to, although, I do think that this is probably my favorite one so far. The food is really great here. I love their caesar dressing, and the chocolate cake is to die for. 
The drinks are moderately priced, just like the food. HOB is just a great place to come and relax on a lazy Vegas night or to come and jam out with some of music's biggest names to date. 
It is usually packed, so it is a good idea to have someone arrive about 30 minutes early to get your name on the list.
I love the decor, the giant tree in the middle of the restaurant, especially. The Dia De Los Muertos theme is really great, too. 
I shall return to you, House of Blues.
Came here for some special event for UNLV. It was some kind of contest setup for bartending. I guess it was sponsored by Sailor Jerry rum. There were a whole bunch of cutie rockabilly girls there showing off all their ink. The hubby was sad to have missed that!
So I was to drink the 4 types of drinks they were pouring and pick my favorite. We could go up and get as many as we wanted which was nice. Its always fun to have an excuse to drink..it was a contest after all.
They even had a nice foodie table set up with fruits/meats/cheese. So people had something in the ol' tummy before drinking themselves silly.
For a free event it sure was fun!
My husband and our friends wanted to eat someplace where we could sit down and relax after a long day, and long walks, so we decided to check out the blues. It was nice. I was expecting a performance, but there wasn't anything going on when we came in, but oh well, their food was still good. The service was great. This is a nice place to come for dinner to relax, chat and sober up. We wouldn't mind coming back here again. I gave it a 4 because it was a little dark in there... I get it, its the theme, but still... I'd like a little more light.
We came here for Happy Hour with half price appetizers and drink specials. There was a guy playing acoustic guitar who was pretty good in my opinion. One of the girls who worked there said it was there pretty much every weekday performing during Happy Hour. It was a nice addition to the experience. 

We had: 
-margarita pizza (just OK- I've had better) 
-spinach dip (good but served with a sort of potato chip like thing that I didn't care for) 
-chicken wings on a bed of coleslaw (I guess the wings were small but flavorful and the coleslaw was average is what was reported to me since I do not eat meat) 
-Voodoo Shrimp (excellent--served with cornbread and it was yummy!) 

For 3 of us and we each got a drink special it was less than $50 so for Vegas it was pretty reasonable and we left full!
My wife and I have been at this establishment a number of times.   We usually order the chicken wings as an appetizer, along with the catfish fingers and sweet potato  fries.   The pizza isn't worth the time or the money.  The spinach dip with fries would be better if they ditched the potato chips and instead use pita chips.   Usually the service is fast, but last night we had to wait quite a while.   Burgers are good and the drink prices are reasonable.  All in all a good place to enjoy live music.
after about an hour of arguing what to eat, my friend and i reluctantly decided on h.o.b.  much to our surprise it was pretty good. got the blackened chicken sangwich with sweet potato fries.  
hit the spot big time.
now where is my straw.......
I was in Vegas recently for my birthday and we decided to have a snack to break us away from gambling for a bit. The main draw was the happy hour specials for appetizers at $6 a pop. 

Upon walking in, I immediately enjoyed the interior. There was a lot of interesting things to look upon, including a gargantuan fake tree. Also, a musician started playing acoustically, which was unexpected and made the experience more fun. 

When the food arrived, we were very pleasantly surprised with the portions because we weren't expecting so much for the money we were paying. We enjoyed the spinach dip with kettle chips and the shrimp with cornbread. The cornbread was SO good and the sauce they put on the plate was a big hit with all three of us. Definitely my favorite. The wings were just average. We ended up not even finishing all of the apps, with the exception of the shrimp dish. Not bad for 18 bucks betwixt 3 people!
Cool lively spot to have a few drinks and appetizers.  The live band was cool.
Cool little venue for checking out concerts. Came her to see UB40 for an awesome concert, and we recently returned to see Reggaeton artist
Don Omar.

We stood in a very long line that stretched around more than half the casino floor. Guys were pimpin' their best threads and ladies were hoochiefied in their highest heels and skimpiest skirts....immediately that song from the movie Friday played in my mind("hood rat, hood rat hoochie mama!!!")

Once finally inside, the crowed waited at least 45 minutes before the opening act came on. Then came about an hour intermission before Don Omar came on. Luckily, the crowd wasn't restless at all and the concert was a blast, regardless if it was standing room only...ALOHA!!!
Great place for a burger and beer snack. Fried pickles are very good and the service is always friendly and efficient. Not a mind blowing experience, but you always know what you are going to get and it's decent food.
We really enjoyed our visit to the House of Blues. Everything from the food to the ambience was perfect! We ordered a variety of menu items so we could dine family-style between 6 people. I'm not an expert in cajun-style cuisine but everything I tried, I really loved. 

We had: voodoo shrimp, gumbo, jambalaya, blackened jumbo shrimp with fettucini alfredo, and baby back ribs! OH EM GEE, the ribs were spectacular! Tender, moist, and oh so delicious! I was completely addicted to the shrimp fettucini dish. It was served over a bed of alfredo and spicy tomato sauce. YUM! I also got to sample some desserts as well. My faves were the bread pudding and the apple tart. And by the way, the portions are HUGE so be sure to be hungry!

Service is great here...the servers are friendly, efficient, and very good at what they do. The atmosphere was upbeat and fun, with a live band 30 feet away from our table. Can't wait to return to the House of Blues!
The bf wanted to see Bad Brains in the worst way and much to his surprise they were playing at House of Blues last night. Hooray! According to him this was a rare treat (I guess they were only playing 3 dates in the US). 

The tickets were cheap and because we were locals (with local ID) we got the service charge waived and some sort of VIP drink pass which gave us discounted well drinks, house wine and domestic beers. The box office staff were friendly and quite helpful. 

On the day of the show there was no line to get in, the bouncers were pleasant (that's kinda rare in Vegas...maybe because I am a girl). There were a bunch of people standing to the side smoking (since I last came here they made everyone go out into the casino to smoke...kinda weird).

We roll up to the bar and they had big boy cans of beer. We wanted PBR but they were out so we opted for Miller Lite. With our cool discount band we got 2 for $12. That isn't horrible by Vegas standards Sam, the bartender, was awesome and sweet. Totally made us feel at home (well as best as he could considering the music was loud and the crowd was rowdy).

Overall we had a blast at the show and I didn't even feel old (I was probably the average). Plus...there were not too many skeezy guys trying to scam on girls...hooray! Will be back if there is another band that we want to see.
One of the best venues to see a rock show! Drinks are expensive, but there's not a bad seat in the house.
Went there for dinner with some friends.  I was not impressed at all.  The shrimp appetizer was OK.  The jambalaya was spicy hot (good) but mostly because it was swamped with black pepper (bad).  All I tasted was black pepper.  Service was slow and I never got a refill on my drink or even my water.
Venue Review!

I love, love, LOVED this place! It's inside the Mandalay Bay . My bf and I were staying at NY, NY and walked from there to HOB. But don't be like us, take the tram from Excalibur, it'll save you some walking/exercise. ;)

We were there to see Brandon Flowers. Going in was quick and easy. The staff was helpful in getting us to our seats. As soon as we got seated we went to the bar and the bartender was REALLLLLY nice! I asked her to suggest a drink for me (something fruity and peach-y but still kinda strong. ;) ) She mixed something up for me then told me that if I didn't like it then she would give me something else, no charge. Luckily, I LOVED it. ;)

Brandon Flowers put on a great show (OF COURSE ;) ) my only complaint that from where we were sitting, it was really difficult to see him when he was in the center or on the right of the stage. We could only clearly see him when he was on the left. =/

Leaving the show was also not really pleasant. There was only ONE exit!! o_O It took us a good 10 minutes just to get back out to the casino again. =/ 

Overall though, I really enjoyed myself. :)
VENUE REVIEW - not the restaurant 

Here's the dealio with HOB: For a long time they genuinely were a venue that did absolutely nothing to cater to locals. They jacked up prices and made concert goers pay outrageous random fees. Which, by the way, you will STILL have to pay if you purchase any tickets for this venue on Ticketmaster. A ticket that starts at a base of $25 will end up costing you $37 by the time you finally purchase (no joke here).

So, as a local, I do have the ability to purchase tickets directly at the box office and if YOU are a local, I suggest you do the same. I recently went to see Jimmy Eat World here and purchased my ticket on site. SHOW THEM YOUR LOCAL ID before they punch in the purchase! They will waive the fees AND you will receive a pass that gets you a percentage off of drinks in the venue on the night of the show. YAY! 

The night I went to see JEW, it was an all ages crowd, which is always a little annoying, but I digress. I do think HOB is a nice venue and it is versatile. I have seen many shows here: Ghostland Observatory, Less Thank Jake, Reel Big Fish, and also, Adam Carolla doing stand up. 

The JEW show I think was over-sold. There was just WAY too many people crammed in the venue. HOB has a special vibe, it has a good bar staff and an intimate feel - and you should not have to be crammed up against someone like you're at freaking Warped Tour when you go there.

I really think they should streamline their process of getting in as well. Do I REALLY need to be asked 3 times to show my ticket? Especially when I already get in the venue and have two paper bracelets on my arm? Digging my ticket out of my purse once I've walked down the stairs is just a hassle, and is unnecessary.

Anyway, every concert venue in Vegas over-prices their tickets in my opinion. They know they can get away with it because so many people from out of town come to see shows here, but at least HOB is now offering the locals discount.
***THIS IS STRICTLY FOR THE LATIN NIGHT VENUE OF HOB***

House of Blues Latin nights, Thursdays @Mandalay Bay, no goood :( ENOUGH SAID. lol.

All I can really say is that me and my girlfriend were really hyped to check out this night since there are not a whole lot of Latin nights in Las Vegas, and it sounded even better that it was at Mandalay Bay. I thought it was funny that on this particular night, as me and my girl were on our way over to HOB, we listened to the Dj say on the radio say "This place is poppin tonight!! Whoop whoop!" YET when we arrived around at 12:30am,10 minutes before we heard the Dj's announcement, there was a total of 8 people on the dance floor :/ I would say the DJ over exaggerated a bit. 

This was a very disappointing Latin night and what sucks is that this place has SO MUCH POTENTIAL TO BE GREAT. Great location, plenty of room to sit, a decent sized dance floor, music is perfect, BUT for some reason- NO CROWD!! I dont get it.
Man, (most) security guards SUCKED this time around. . .
When I went to see Brandon Flowers here (my one and only, hopefully last visit to this HOB) the staff was horrible.  I know this will sound silly and like I'm exaggerating, but I truly felt like none of them had ever organized/worked a concert before.  It was absolute chaos.  I go to concerts all the time and this was by far the worst experience I've had with a venue and their ability to fairly and effectively manage the crowd.  Lots of people were waiting all day long before the show started and hours later, closer to showtime, the whole line was moved around about 8 or 9 times.  One guy would tell us we were all in the wrong place and needed to line up by the escalators, then someone else would lead us to a different spot in the casino, then back in front of the venue again, and it went on and on and on.  This whole time the line was getting messed up and people were running around like crazy trying to make sure they didn't get screwed out of their spot.  Once they finally decided where to put us, half the people were facing in one direction and half in the other direction.  The staff couldn't even decide where the front of the line was!  It was so ridiculous none of us could believe it.  

They continued to be completely unorganized and when we were finally let into the venue, they destroyed the line again by holding back the right side & letting tons of people from the left go in...and then did the same to the other side.  Do these people not understand the point of lining up??  It's not just for fun, it's because we all spent many hours trying to ensure a great spot.  Telling us "every spot is a good spot" is irrelevant and makes it clear that you don't understand at ALL.  

Oh I forgot to mention the best part.  To even get into this line that would be let in first, they force you to spend $20 in their store or restaurant to get a pass in.  So if you're a huge fan of whoever is playing, just know that the 'Pass The Line' people will be let in before you unless you shell out an additional $20.  Way to pray on the fans, make a quick buck, and then treat us like crap, HOB.  Not amused at all.

I hope Brandon never plays here again, because he's the only musician I'd go through this for again.  I almost gave them 2 stars because the bartender was nice when I asked for water, but they really don't deserve it.
Food is good. Service is average. 

Open for breakfast & way cheaper than the other sit down breakfast places in Luxor or Mandalay Bay. Has a bounce back coupon, eat breakfast here one morning, get a coupon for the following day 2-4-1 breakfast entree. 

Also has a rocking Happy Hour from 2 - 6 pm Monday - Friday $2.00 domestic pints, $3.00 import pints.
Now, I have been to many a show at House of Blues. This venue is amazing for intimate shows and always good for a dance party. Recently, they have been advertising local specials on drinks. I am guessing this is to attract more local traffic as I am sure it has decreased with the opening of the Cosmo and they're great line-up of shows. We went to see Panic! at the Disco, whom we are all fans of. The show was great, but when we asked about the local drink specials, we were told by the bartender that he had no idea what we were talking about. Meanwhile on a television screen behind him, the advertisements were playing, We pointed this out to him and were told, "Everyone pays the same price". Hey House of Blues, if you want us to pay $10 for a tall boy of PBR, we will. Just don't tell us it'll be cheaper. BOOOOOOOOOO!
My girlfriend invited me out last night to House of Blues at MGM.  She had free tickets to try out their new menu. I have never gone and have always wanted to so I told her to count me in!

We were greater by a friendly staff and escorted to our table. It was a little cramped for me but nothing I couldn't manage. 

Our server was really fun, his name was Jason. We ordered the house salad, Cobb salad, chicken wings, and two mixed drinks served in a mason jar that we even got to keep. 

The food was presented very beautifully with a great appearance. The house salad was sort of bland and boring. The Cobb salad was amazing. I loved how they placed all the items individually on the plate so you could remove the items you didn't want like the bleu cheese. It was really appetizing and delicious. The chicken wings were great! Not to spicy but had just enough of a little kick. The problem with the chicken wings was the size. They served them whole and were not cut up individually into a breast, wing, and thigh. It was totally messy! My hand were covered in sauce and I felt like a carnivore trying to rip the meat off the bones. 

The atmosphere was great! A live jazzy band was playing and people were dancing. We had a great time.  I would definitely come back in the future.
The decor was too dark and too grim, not a fan. However the mac and cheese side tasted alright. I order bbq ribs as an entree. It was well done and tender but the sauce left something to be desired. The sweet potato fries were tasty! For the high price, I would *not* bother.
After 10pm there are not many dining choices, so we went for a late dinner after a show.  There was a band playing, so it was extremely noisy (of course).  The food and service are just ok - typical bar food.  But, the people watching was quite entertaining!
I was in LV for my sisters wedding and decided to check this place out by myself and had a blast to say the least lol. People seem to be so much nicer when youre out of town on vacation. Will definitely be coming back.
Oh biscuits and gravy - thou art a comfort food for my belly and soul.  After too many nights up in a row until your nerves are shooting acetacholin randomly and and are as frayed as the bottom of your favorite jeans - thy creamy goodness smoothes over the jagged edges and coates the belly that by now is a cess pool of 3 olive martinis and grand marnier.
This review is based on my experience at the Panic! at the Disco show held in their music venue 6/18/11.

It was my first time inside the venue, it is beautifully decorated in what I can only describe as a voodoo-goth theme. There are really cool lighted cut-out scenes on both sides of the room, a giant chandelier in the center of the seating area, and the common areas have really cool accessories.

We were in the nosebleed general admission area up on the third floor.  They do general admission differently than other venues, I was expecting to be on the floor (we used to call them pits in the day), something like how they do at the Pearl at the Palms.

They had some sofas that gave the best view from the general admissions area, but they required a $200+ bar purchase to sit there.

Overall, the band was great (but way too much chit chat in between songs). They had two opening acts (not mentioned on the tickets), so they didn't go on until 2 hours after showtime. The sound system was mediocre. I got a lot of feedback where I was sitting, so all of my videos of the band sound like crap.

I don't think I would go back here for a musical act in the future unless I really had to.
My first time going to the HOB Gospel Brunch, and I actually thought this experience was really great.  My advice: get there when the doors open, rush to your table, and go straight for the buffet.  Dump your plate of food on the table and get your dessert from the dessert station.  I say that because (1) the buffet line gets looooong, and (2) I noticed the dessert table right away and thought I would get something later after I ate... but they never refilled the Key Lime Pie and some of the other goodies that were there.

The food: 
Lots of cajun classics, from jambalaya to biscuits and grits. There was also a carving station with a mound of chilled peel-and-eat shrimp.

As a vegetarian, I was thrilled to see they had a vegetarian pasta... and it was delicious.  It had a bunch of veggies in it (like brocolli, califlower, tomatoes), and pesto, with melted cheese on top.  That's pretty much all I ate from the main buffet line, besides some breakfast potatoes. The french toast sticks were horrendous...obviously some food service garbage that was freezer-burned.

They also had beautiful fresh fruit, pastries, and mini bundt cakes.  The bundt cakes were chocolate, vanilla, or blueberry  (and I might have seen a lemon or pineapple one on the bottom) and I loved them.

The music: 
I am not a particularly religious person and I knew absolutely nothing about gospel music. Going into it  I thought it was going to be more neutral... more inspirational than religous.  However, it was quite religious. There were tons Amens and Hallelujahs, and Jesus was thanked many times, which is fine - they were doing their thing and I respect that. They even did the classic hymn, "Amazing Grace," and it was beautiful.

The singers and band overall were outstanding, and they sang for at least an hour.  

It was about $40/person which I think is an excellent deal for quality food and entertainment. I would definitely go to the Gospel Brunch again, perhaps at another House of Blues to see how they do it in another city.

F.Y.I. - the noise level was about a 9/10, you couldn't hear the person next to you over the music while you were eating.
My wife and I have been going to Thursday night dinner at House of Blues for many years, as we enjoy seeing some of our favorite local bands play during dinner. Last night was the first time we have been there in a couple months, and were severely disappointed.

To start the night off poorly, the hostess placed us, essentially, on the casino floor in the farthest table from the stage. We asked if we could have one of the empty tables closer to the stage, being told "no, there is no server for that section." Before our drink order was taken, there were people seated at those empty tables.

Then, looking at the menu, we were even more disappointed and aggravated. We expect to pay more than normal restaurant prices to eat at House of Blues. However, $3.99 for an ice cream scoop of luke warm/cold mashed potatoes and the same price for an equal amount of snap peas is asinine. 

Their entire menu has drastically gone up in price and down in selection. None of the good items are available anymore.

The only reason two stars got marked, after talking to one of the floor managers, she apologized at the illogical reason we were not permitted to sit at quality tables, moved us to a better section and comp'd us some drinks and dessert. Our servers were also pretty on top of things. 

After having that first, bad experience as we got to the restaurant, it tilted the night's mood.
Our group accidentally went to the House of Blues during their 2 to 6 happy hour and it was a great, great deal with a couple hits and misses.

The carribean jerk chicken wings are a big hit! The wings themselves are huge since they are both wing and drumsticks. The seasoning on them is delicious and hits that great balance of spicy, savory, and sweet.
I got the beef street tacos and those were a major miss. They were tiny, dry and lacking any flavor.
The pulled pork sliders were somewhere between the other dishes as they were a bit dry and not as flavorful but were still satisfying.

The best thing about the whole thing was that the total came out to $25 for 4 dishes. A great value in my opinion that filled us up and was good.

It is also good to note that the menu at the Las Vegas location is an abbreviated version of their other locations.
went there for breakfast with a group of 6.  i ordered the joe's scramble and really liked it.  had a side of hashbrowns.  would come back!
Been here many times, and have never been disappointed. The food is always good, breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and I've never had bad service. Great venue to see a show. Didn't care too much for the Gospel Brunch, but I was extremely hung over, and it was a bit loud.
Review for Concert area only. Was here to see a great local band Moksha on Saturday. As a concert venue this place is OK. I have been to a few shows here in the past, this was my first since yelping. Ultimately there isn't anything in my book to say that's really great about the place, or that is really bad about it. Hence in the middle with 3 stars. 

The venue it a bit intimate with its setup, that you can be up close. Its not really big, so crowd is together for it. Sound and lighting are both good. Drink Prices are usually average strip prices, $13 for a tall boy of Guinness extra stout isn't to bad in my book. 

Ultimately if you like a band that is playing here, go see them. The venue is not going to add much to the show, but won't detract from it either.
We tried out the new menu at House of Blues on Friday night. We had the street tacos. They were good but nothing special for $11. 

Also tried the jalapeo turkey burger and the mushroom manchego burger. The best part of the burger was actually the bun!!  Fococcia I do believe. 

Be warned that there is a live entertainment tax added to your bill automatically!!  We talked to our server and got it removed because we never heard a live note played :)

All in all, pretty good. We just eat there because it's close to where we are going for the evening!
Dinner at the House of Blues nearly inspired me to sing the blues. 

If I had a mic and harmonica I'd sing you a woeful tune about the ahi tuna appetizer. Tiny, bland and overpriced.

The St. Louis ribs that featured more inedible gristle than meat.

The redeeming factors that push the review from 1 to 3 stars would be the great service and music we enjoyed during our visit.

Next time I'll go back for drinks and a show, but I'll eat my food elsewhere.
Came in around 6:20 maybe (darn, just missed happy hour!) and asked the hostess for her opinion: we had a show to catch at 7:30, would we have enough time to eat here or should we go somewhere else? She said we'd be fine and that it usually takes 45 minutes so we got seated.

We asked our waitress about the Yelp deal that gives you a free appetizer with order of an entree and she said she'd have to check with her manager first because they might only accept printed coupons. C'mon hon, it's a deal that you get from checking in on Yelp with your mobile phone, if you expect people to print this out then I'm going to yell at you. So when she comes back she ends up saying that she thinks it's okay but another waiter is taking over our table so when we pay, we can just bring up the deal to him. I ordered the chicken quesadilla appetizer and BF got one of the sandwiches (I think chicken) with sweet potato fries upgrade. Then we waited and waited and waited. Our waiter had already refilled our water glasses twice and then as we continued to wait, I think he just started to avoid our table altogether. At maybe 7:10 I finally just stopped him and asked how much longer our food would be and he said he would check. He came back with our food and I asked for the check and had to ask about the Yelp deal all over again.

BF's order did not have sweet potato fries, no way did we have time to exchange it though. As irritated as I was, when we began to eat it was kind of like "okay, well this is pretty yummy.." That's pretty much the only thing saving them in this review because I'm still so irritated by the communication between workers and the service overall. Yes they were friendly but geez. The hostess knew we were in a rush but never bothered to let our servers know? And when you switch out servers you should be updating the server replacing you about anything regarding the table, don't tell the customer to re-explain something to the new server. I understand our situation was a little different because we were in a rush to begin with but if we were going to wait that long just to receive the food, I would've appreciated being told at the door that I should consider eating somewhere faster. 

Most dishes are overpriced but the Yelp deal did make it worth eating there so thanks Yelp! Rather unpleasant experience but the food was not to blame
Just some average food. Let's be honest if you are eating here its because you just want something quick or casual. Nothing bad, just average. The waitress we had though was good. Quick, helpful, and did a fantastic job.
Decent food option in the Mandalay.  Southern style eats were OK, not fantastic, but OK.  Good coffee at breakfast!  And a pretty decent happy hour too.
You are better off going to T.G.I. Fridays for the food.  The price of the food for the quality is not worth. I ordered the Hand Stretched Grilled Flatbread, it took over a hour to get it after placing the order. The server was ok but he had four tables that placed orders as well. That took longer to serve. He never acknowledge that fact of the matter. 

If your are a tourist coming to Vegas, by all means check out the venue, bar, & gift shop. If your are dining in the restaurant prepare for a high bill, ok  food, & mediocre service.
We were pleasantly surprised! We went for some happy hour drinks/food to tide us over before the main meal later that evening and left content. I don't remember if they even had drink specials but I do remember a Corona... pretty good stuff! I recommend one (or 10). 

Took forever to get someone to our table, though. That, and some moron was at the table next to us YELLING at his cell phone for 15 minutes. Seriously? Entertaining for a minute, but straight up annoying when you realize it's not quite loud enough to eavesdrop on!

We got the seared-tuna tostadas and the basil/mozzarella flatbread. Both were pretty good. Don't expect much in the way of those tostadas though, as there are 3 that come per order and their "tostada" is actually a tortilla chip. Pretty tasty, but come on... I guess nobody would order it if they said it was "seared tuna on a tortilla chip". The flat bread was fairly big though, and better than expected.

Nothing fancy, but it hit the spot. Plus, the guy singing cover tunes was pretty good.
We went to the HOB for a Volbeat concert that absolutely rocked! The atmosphere, layout and decor was perfect. I really like the placement and size of the bars, the floor and the stage. My only serious complaints are the amount and strictness of security and the $$$. Beers were $13, that just ridiculous. Mixed drinks were tiny and no alcohol for $10. It was a rip off. Two drinks cost more than the tickets to the show. The security guards were everywhere a little too oppressive for a rather tame crowd. We had a great time so I'll give this place a 3 but I'm not in a hurry to go back.
I'm a big fan of House of Blues, more so because of the live music.  The food isn't anything special, satisfying nonetheless.  The service was also satisfactory. 
Fun ambiance though!
Went to see Raekwan, ghostface kills and Mob Deep.  The night was pop'n. I had such a great time I'm not even sure if I made it to their performance.  

The drinks were not the best tasting but was strong.  If you have a chance to eat before you get in I'd advise to do so.  The pizza was not that great even when I was a little buzzed.
On another solo work trip the House of Blues affords something to listen and look at while eating slightly above average Southern food. Lineup never fails to entertain and space at the bar is almost always available though sightlines to stage can be a challenge.
Went to see Steel   Got to the show just in time.  Large forum, easy to see where ever you stand.  We were able to walk right up to the stage during the show, even though the floor was a bit crowded.  Everyone was friendly and service was good.  We weren't here to eat so I didn't experience the food just the alcohol and show.
Nice location in Mandalay Bay. Good menu selections with high quality food. The happy hour prices are a wonderful value for very good items. We were very happy with the service as well and plan to return when we go back to Vegas.
I came here for the first time a couple of weeks back for the Blue October show. I'm a big fan! 

First off - this House of Blues is a little different. It's built into the Mandalay Bay casino, so it can be a little disconcerting. Even more odd - the House of Blues preserves the House of Blues theme - in the middle of the gaudy casino floor. So it looks a little off.

All that changes when you get inside. Inside it's your typical House of Blues. Restaurant out front and concert theater in the back. 

We were fortunate enough to be in the "secret" James Brown private room that overlooks the stage at the back. We had our own cocktail waitress who brought us drinks all night and we also sampled the menu. 

Of the food that we had I remember the Chipotle Chicken w/ Hominy - Delicious! I recommend ordering this highly. It was so good that you'll want to lick the plate - seriously! 

After the show we rode the elevator all the way to the very top of the casino to go to the afterparty in the Foundation Room. Bottle service was had - very prompt and attentive service indeed. The Foundation room is split into two parts - public and private. The public area has an outdoors area where you can actually go out and look at the strip.

My only complaint is that the middle aged white dudes in there couldn't dance worth a crap and made some very questionable decisions. Additionally, one of them thought it would be a good idea to "dance up" on a gogo dancer and got removed from the premises.

The show was fantastic, the service was fantastic, and the food was delicious. I recommend catching a show here!
Gospel Brunch in Sin City is so edifying! Growing up in the South, the excellent music and vocals from the Desert Angels (http://www.desertangels.com/) brought back soulful and sweet memories of my upbringing. I was impressed that other Las Vegas locals were also in attendance. Glad there are people open to praising the Good Lawd above while feasting on a Southern-style buffet at the House of God... I mean, House of Blues.
would not do again. Was sooooo disappointed in the food!!! I also expected a complementary mimosa or bloody Mary..but alas it was serve yourself at the bar OJ and tepid coffee. There was no table service..but they wanted you to tip...I don't get it.
I love this venue, but lately cosmo has more shows. So until they get indie bands to play here, I'll be at cosma. Plus cosmo has free concerts at book and stage.
This is evidence that key to happiness most of the time are low expectations.  As much as I was against someone choosing this for lunch, it actually turned out to be the best place we ate the whole 3 days in Vegas.  

So, do give it the right chance and enjoy both the food, service and atmosphere!  

Highlights - quesadilla's, flatbreads and ahi tuna anything.

Overall, a great experience!
We stopped in here on our last day for breakfast. 

All House of Blues locations are usually eclectic in decor and that's great. It was just so dark in there!

I knew I wanted french toast. But I saw other things on the menu that I wanted, so without blowing my budget, I had to come up with a plan. I got the 3 egg omelet with andouille sausage, onion and bacon. YUM. It was chock full of ingredients and they weren't just hidden between the folds of the eggs, they were bursting from the seams. It was so delicious and filling AND I had a side of french toast from the kids' menu! 

Our server was a bit scattered. He was nice, though. My cousin didn't like his response, though when she asked what they had to drink. Sometimes you just want to know if a restaurant has coke or pepsi products. He asked her what she'd like to drink and her question was "what do you have?" He pointed at the bar -- and that was his answer. Obviously there's a bar, but what else is there? Anyway, I had coffee-- and it was good, too.
If you want the House of Blues you enjoyed in 2010 or earlier, spare yourself the trip. The restaurant has a new chef who decided the menu should lose the new orleans flare for a more modern American fare (think high dollar Dennys). Totally unimaginative now.
Breakfast is my favorite meal here.  I love the waffles, but had the eggs and corned beef hash.  In spite of the fast food nature of the kitchen this place has great food.  I do really like this restaurant, but advise that breakfast has the most consistently good food here.  Lunch, and dinner can sometimes be an adventure.
The Crossroads at House of Blues is one of the better casual dining experiences on the Mandalay Property.  The overall experience rates as average to slightly better than average when compared to similar options in Vegas, but the good kind of average where you won't find yourself too disappointed by the experience...only wishing that it was a little better.  It's not "on" the Strip, but with fair prices and decent sized portions, it's not a bad place to grab a meal/snack and some drinks.

I have eaten at the House of Blues (Crossroads not the Foundation Room) twice, most recently in late 2010.  It's one of those places where the food is ok for the price and you don't have to worry about much going wrong - nothing excellent but nothing bad.  This is just my opinion, but as far as Resort on-property food options go, the House of Blues is a decent casual-affordable destination: not in the top tier but certainly not at the bottom.  I think the place is understaffed or lacks proper management, but if you can avoid going when the crowds are in, you will improve your experience exponentially.  

Items I have tried include: quesadilla, jambalaya, ribs, burger, kid's pizza, and assorted appetizers and sides.  Overall, the food is average: not great but not bad.  The burgers had nice toppings (could have been put together better) and good flavor.  The ribs were a bit interesting: I appreciated the Cajun attempt but some in my group didn't like it.  Aside from this minor or major taste distraction, the ribs were also a bit dry.  The jambalaya was bland and the pieces of meat ranged from good to rubbery.  The restaurant appears to suffer from a little lack of effort or quality control.  Despite these less than flattering comments, the basic menu items aren't bad and can easily be improved with a little BBQ sauce or hot sauce.  

Most people will visit because of the House of Blues "thing" but you'll also see your share of Mandalay guests who've never even heard of the franchise.  If you're coming with kids or seniors, I suggest you come during lunch or have an early dinner because it does get crowded during the weekends and during events.  I think it's too loud and dark for kids and most seniors, but the restaurant isn't exactly aiming for that demographic.  Both of my visits were during non-peak hours (less than 15 diners in the restaurant) and I found the service to be efficient.  Our server came by and got everything we needed, but it wasn't what you would call "friendly" service...YMMV.

 There are a lot of casual dining options, and despite not being perfect, the House of Blues does offer Mandalay guests a nice alternative to fine dining and fast food.  The experience ranges from "hip night spot" to "dead during the day" so plan your visit according to your expectations.  There are places with worse service and worse food, so for the category that it's competing in (casual resort property dining) - I think the House of Blues is ok as long as you stick with the basics like burgers and sandwiches.  It's a solid 3 stars when compared to others in the category, but can easily be improved upon with better management and improvements to the recipes/cooking.
Mandalay Bay is a beautiful hotel, but aside from that.  I have to say that the House Of Blues is a great place to hang out and see bands.  
I went to see Motorhead a couple years back and was blown away!   The venue was just the right size.  Not to big, not to small.  
Never dined here, just had drinks, but the experience was great!
I have seen tons of shows here, they have some cool deals for locals like half off drinks and waived ticket fees. It is in Mandalay Bay and they always have great bands coming through here. I have seen Rancid, Motorhead, Bad Religion, Bad Brains, and a few other shows there this year. 

Good times!
The staff members are all complete idiots. But it's the nicest venue in Las Vegas to see a band play live.
The food was ok, the service slow, and the prices outrageous.

The atmosphere is rock and blues, and it fits.  But $14 for a tiny hamburger and fries is too much.  The beers were cheaper because it was happy hour. 

They had some unknown musicians playing and they were not too bad.
This review is for the HOB as a concert venue only.  I've not eaten here, so I can't speak to the restaurant side of the house.  

My buddy and I were there for a Steel Panther show.  The Panther rocked it, of course, but this review is of the venue itself.  

This HOB location is pretty much like the other HOB locations I have been to for shows.  They do a good job.  It's not hard to find a comfortable spot to watch the show, and at least in this instance, the sound quality was very good.  I see about 30 shows a year at various venues, and I have no complaints about is one.  

Like other HOB locations, it's not hard to get a drink, as there are plenty of bars, and bar maids serving drinks on the floor.  Drink prices are typical for what one usually pays at a show.  24oz beers were $14.  However, shame on the bar tender for charging $5.00 for a tonic water served out of the gun.
I have only been to house of blues for concerts, not to eat here (no vegan options!).  

The venue is OK, I think it's decent for concerts, it's small, has a General admission and seating section.  Full Bar down stairs and decent bathrooms.  The staff has always been decent when I have been there.  

The drink prices are about as good as you would expect, especially for vegas.  Not sure what else people expect to find.  My suggestion is to hit up the bar across from HOB and get a huge freezy drink for $9 with an extra shot.  It will save you money (unless you want water).

I would come back here again, and I love Mandalay Bay too!
Made me sick...Literally.

So my husband and I were in Vegas for his birthday and just wanted to catch lunch. So we headed into HOB inside Mandalay Bay because we saw they had Happy Hour from like 2-6. 

About 30 minutes after I ate (I had the fried chicken and only ate 2 small pieces because of how drenched in oil it was) my stomach was in knots. I was sick for 2 days!!! Which basically ruined our trip. Never again!!
Came here for dinner on a Friday night before we saw Steel Panther in their venue space.  It's not a place that I would have chose, but this was a group situation.  We had a side room for our group of 12+ and the service was okay, not great.  Being in any side room, it's hard to flag down your waiter or waitress if you need something.  My main complaint is that I ordered the Yummy Chicken and it wasn't yummy.  :-(  It was really spicy and that wasn't in the menu description.  I probably should have ordered a burger or sandwich, but I wanted an entree for dinner.  i would have sent it back if I wasn't with a big group.  I just didn't want to make a big deal of it, so my man shared some of his food with me which was just okay.  I'm sad to see that it's Chef Aaron Sanchez running this restaurant because I like him on TV.

STEEL PANTHER:  Fun overall, but we didn't like the opening band that night at all.  The opener took way too long and I didn't know that Steel Panther's actual show would be so looooong.  Our group of friends at the show (maybe 10 of us?), only 4 of us made it to the end of the show.  I know, we're getting old (in our 30s)... but the show was kind of dragged out.  The venue was good, but the drinks were expensive.  I don't think I would want to see another show here.

Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
The food here is decent...maybe a bit mediocre. I like the variety on the menu but the execution was not quite as good. The ambience is nice, but of course you're sitting at the House of Blues! 

I tried the lobster mac n' cheese and it was good. The lobster was quite flavorless and could have been crab for all I knew, but the mac n' cheese was darn yummy and I could have eaten it all by myself. Except I also split it with my coworker along with a cajun jambalaya...which was quite disappointing. And a little dry and not spicy.

I would come back for a show, but never for food.
Been here about 100 times in the last 5 years. 
Service is usually pretty good. The prices are just outrageous, but if you expect that, you'll plan appropriately. The sound system is great and the lay out if cool. NO FIGHTING, and I am okay with that.
We sampled several items on the menu.  The pork sliders were great, the mushroom  burger was great --- and cooked to a perfect medium rare as ordered.  The fries were also quite good with a perfect crunch.  We did not really like the mashed potatoes because the potatoes tasted old.  The biggest disappointment was the buttermilk fried chicken.  Though it was fried to perfection and crispy, it had no flavor--completely devoid of flavor.  If celebrity chef Aaron Sanchez really did create their menu/recipes, he forgot to taste the one he provided for the fried chicken, as no salt was included in this recipe.  Unless the staff forgot it....
Nobody in my crew was impressed by this place, in fact one quote was "the salad was the best thing I ate"  I ordered the Jambalaya, and the list of other items included the pork ribs, lobster mac and cheese and french dip.  The 325 pound man who ordered the ribs disliked them so much he passed them around to the table and went to another restaurant for his meal after we were done, he also said the beans were the worst thing he has ever eaten in a restaurant, and he is by no means a complainer.  My jambalaya portion was frankly insulting for the 18.99 I paid for it and not that great.  I have never ordered Jambalaya and not had some to take home, but I literally could have finished the portion in 3 minutes had I been really hungry, and it was no where near as good most other Jambalayas I have eaten.  When the manager came over to ask how everything was, big mistake, the honesty flew, he then tried to say that the menu was created by world renown chef Aaron Sanchez like that was going to magically make my portion bigger and the food taste better, I've met Aaron and if that Jambalaya is really how it should have tasted then I flat out dont think hes that great of a chef, but I doubt thats the case.  in the end our server did take the ribs off the ticket and our server was awesome and so was the band that was on stage.  We should have come in for some drinks and music and gone elsewhere to eat.  I wont be going back for food unless its free.
WU-TANG!!!! Hell yes!! The place was smoky and gross and close and sweaty just like a venue should be! Plus you can slip it without tickets if you grease it nice and pretty, or, in my case, have your bodyguard do it. So close to the stage everyone could smell method man's blunt.
Try the flat bread! Basil tomato! Yum
stopped here by chance for breakfast- kinda wanted to avoid the buffets...

anyway- the breakfast food was actually very delicious ! the menu is a little small and a little questionable at first cause it looks like everything is al a  carte but it all comes with essentials like toast and whatnot.

i ordered the 3 egg omelette - you get a choice of 3 fillings - and it comes with toast of choice and AMAZING hash browns. i also got a coffee - for a total of $15 for my bill. not bad if you ask my cheap ass.

Our waitress Ashley was great and funny and always alert. Id come back for sure :)
We wandered in for lunch one afternoon and we pleased with the fast service and the tasty sandwiches served with a cute little variety of specialty sauces for your fries and/or your sandwich.  Fries served in a cup a little novel and it does prevent you from the sea of fries so many places serve.

The cool thing was they want to keep you coming back in so if you show your receipt you can get a two for one breakfast the next day.  Listen, this is one of the better deals around as we all know the slots machines don't have it.

At any rate, we did go back for breakfast, which was also tasty and then they told us that we would get 10 percent off in the gift shop with our receipt.  They are the king of deals at this place and it seems to be working for them as the place was packed in the morning with people who had eaten there yesterday.

Nice strategy, House of Blues.  I, of course, would like to come back sometime and see a show here.  

I'll try this place again.
Saw WuTang last month and Lauryn Hill last night.

My fave part of HOB is that it's small. 
Sucks to be downstairs like I was for Lauryn but, thankfully, it wasn't that crowded. Made it easier to walk in/thru.
Watching WuTang from the top was great. We had seats, there was no one taller than me, and it wasn't crowded.
This review is in reference to the venue and not the restaurant.

My wife and I recently attended the Anthrax show on January 22nd 2012.  The tickets were $29 50 each plus a $10.00 convenience from Ticketmaster for this general admission show.  

This was my first HOB show but I do know they have some seating and tables which we were hoping to arrive in time to get one since our old bones just can't withstand the brutality of the pit like we did in the old days.  Anyway, come to find out all of the surrounding tables were reserved only.  $200.00 for the table that included a bottle of Sky Vodka and only (4) metal heads per table.  Really...$200 table at a Anthrax show?  Ok, fine if you think that is worth it.  

Now here comes the main reason for my review.  The upper seating deck was available but closed off.  We were told that it would open soon when the floor got packed.  After the first act finished sure enough it opened up but there was a charge.  What???  $10.00 more per person to sit in the upper deck seating.  Come on HOB!  We already paid to be in the venue and hardly anybody went upstairs.  As if you weren't making enough money on the bar you had to stick it to me one more time.  My complaint is if your going to charge extra for seating then do it in the advertisement for the show.  I'll pay for it.  Don't call it general admission then charge extra to sit down in the venue.

In the end I guess I should be grateful I wasn't charged $5.00 for leaning on the wall.
This is a venue revue:

After seeing some shows in the new massive Joint at the Hard Rock - coming back to the cozy House of Blues was a refreshing change.  The venue is a really nice size in which to see bands - not too big.  The sound ranged from horrid - with the bass and kick drum so loud in the mix you literally feel like you're being given sonic CPR  - to great, all in a single evening.  We went for a rock and roll show, and although it took some time to get the guitars up in the mix where they belonged, once they did the sound was awesome - better in the back near the bar than on the floor I have to admit.

I'm docking one point for the OUTRAGEOUSLY high priced drinks!  $26.00 for a bourbon & coke and a Stella?!? EEESH!  Get your drink on somewhere else before the show if you must.
I had the Juicy Lucy and my wife and kid had the "build your own" (don't remember what they got on it) but did rave about it.  The ambiance was a little Pink Taco'ish but none the less very cool.  Maybe half the tables were full so they weren't that busy but our service sucked and we actually had to go to the bar to get refills on our waters and soda.  I sarcastically, on the second trip mentioned to the bar tender that it was nice of them to let the customers fend for themselves.  Will be back but sit at the bar since that's where you get the best service apparently.
One of the best reasons to attend  a concert at the HOB is for the intimate, up close and personal feel of the venue. The prices for shows are usually pretty reasonable. But once you get inside, plan on paying good money for drinks. The place can get jam packed during popular shows. We've noticed the sound quality of some shows can be sub par. And don't expect to get a seat to a show, unless your willing to pay for a table with bottle service. I really don't know why they don't open up the seats upstairs like the good old days for us lazy folk.
LOVE THIS VENUE!

This is a review for the venue not the restaurant.

This is one of my favorite concert venues in Las Vegas. I have seen too many shows to count starting from when I was in high school over 10 years ago. The thing I love about it here is you are able to see the stage from pretty much anywhere and most shows are general admission. It's a small venue which makes it easier to see bands up close. I used to get up in the crowd when I was younger. Ok, I'm not that old now but I enjoy hanging out near one of the side bars drinking a tall boy and watching my favorite bands at the same level. 

The beers are overpriced but really not that bad. They have a wide selection of tall boys and even offer a $5 dollar shot of anything when you purchase one of the tall boys. Mich Ult with shot of Jameson. Yes please! Recently they started serving snack like food in the venue which is nice if you plan on staying a while and drinking. I actually haven't tried any of it since I love going to the Burger Bar before or after shows. 

Whenever I hear that one of the many bands I enjoy is playing at HOB, I get really super excited. The only gripe is that the tickets are managed by Ticketmaster which charges ridiculous fees but that's just something we all have to deal with.
We recently got married here inside Mandalay Bay at the House of Blues (at the Crossroads Restaurant). It was a unique venue that allowed us to personalize our wedding and add extra details that made it unique and special to us and our guests. There is a stage on one end of the space and a bar on the other. We performed a few songs on the stage and our guests enjoyed the open bar, southern-style food and groovy atmosphere. The wedding coordinator for the HOB, Amber, was a dream to work with. She and she staff were very professional and they helped make our Big Day stress-free. Our guests said it was one of the most unforgettable weddings that they have ever been to and we have Amber and the HOB staff to thank for that.
Do not be fooled by "Happy  hour". I ordered the chicken strips for $6 and it consisted of 3 small, bland strips and a small portion of fries. I then ordered the quesadillas which were very shabby and flat...
Saw the M*F* Darkness here last month. INCREDIBLE SHOW.

The security was great, effective but not overbearing. I wish they would have opened up the second floor. Beers were priced well ($6 for a tall coors). 

I also noticed the house of blues attracts the local crowd. It was nice to get away from the plastic surgery creatures and drunken bachelorette parties.
Saw Social D here last year and it was the best show I've seen!! Great venue. Got crazy packed in there and the drinks are a little pricey but it's Vegas!! What do you expect? Standing towards the front was awesome!! Then, I realized I had to use the bathroom. Bad idea to drink that redbull and vodka so fast. So, my hubby and I pushed our way through the crowd only for me to wait in a line..boo! Bathroom was decent. Would love to come back to see a different show!!
04/14/2012

Went to the House of Blues to see Madness. The band was great but the venue was horrible.

For starters, nobody that works there seems to know much of anything. I had one guy tell me there were opening bands even though none had been announced previously. Nobody seemed to know exactly when Madness was going to start playing. 

Seating was sold as general admission floor seating, that's fine until you see people sitting in the balcony. What's up with that? Well, if you grease the wheels at $10 a person you too can sit up there. Normally not something I'd do but I seemed to have strained a muscle in my leg so sitting was a lot more enjoyable. It seems to me that if you can sneek upstairs if you tell the guy checking tickets that "Steve" sent you then perhaps you could get away without having to grease the wheels. I don't really have a problem with "Steve" and his buddies making some money on the side (at least that's what I'm assuming), but if that's the case then the problem lies with management not catching onto it. If it isn't a side money thing for them then management sucks for screwing people around.

Aside from that, I ordered 1 Guiness for myself and a margarita for my wife which came to a whopping $27. I don't even know how that's possible. The guiness was underpoured and the margarita wasn't very good. I can accept sporting arena pricing but this was even worse than that. I know it's Vegas but I still think it's unacceptable.

I did see Mark McGrath there and maybe he can afford rounds of drinks at those prices but I know I can't and I'm not even broke.

Sound was pretty good but possibly louder than it needed to be for that size of a venue. If you were at the bar left of stage you probably didn't see too much either. A recessed stage might work for a band consisting of 4 people but not for a bigger band as anyone on any side is going to not be able to see the whole thing and putting it on some tiny ass TV doesn't really make it any better.

Somehow the House of Blues in Las Vegas is a smoke free establishment. Whether that's good or bad is debatable but it certainly doesn't make much sense to me.

Here's my tip:

If you plan on drinking, drink your own before you get in and maybe buy one round to carry you through whatever you're there to watch. You can drink for cheap just sitting around and playing the penny slots or you can buy some at Walgreens and drink it right there on the strip since it doesn't matter.

Bottom line:

This joint is run poorly and everything is way overpriced. Not worth going unless it's something epic or a band that will never play where you live.

++++++++++++++
UPDATE:
++++++++++++++

I don't know what world  LeeAnn G lives in but I've never been served a 7oz beer anywhere. I don't believe my beer was 24oz and even if the cup was 24oz it certainly wasn't even close to taking up that much volume as noted by my underpour comment. Say what you want but your establishment still sucks.
Twitter? Waste of time, right? Not always. I saw a chance to win tickets to see Brit Alternative ( well alternative in 1979 ) band Squeeze. 

Did the RT and got a message from HOB, " you've won' . Cool. So Friday night and I'm freeloading at HOB in Mandalay Bay. What a cool venue, it's all standing, aside from a handful of VIP seats, and a great place to watch a real band.

There are a couple of bars and steps down to the floor, sound is great and you cannot fail to get a good view from anywhere. I ordered  a Heineken and a Chardonnay for wifee. The Heineken came in a can which was enormous , almost a keg and the wine came in a tiny plastic 'glass'. I was happy, wifee not so much! 

Anyway the band were awesome, Glenn Tilbrook is now sporting a beard that would not be out of place in ZZ Top and Chris and the other players were tight. 

Great place I will make more effort to see some shows there, the only downside was $21 for a beer and a splash of Chardonnay.
Absolutely loved the brunch experience I had here. We came here on Easter Sunday, and I am not religious type at all. There was a Gospel group that came in as the performance that afternoon. The total cost was about $40, which sounded expensive at first, but in the end it wasn't a bad deal at all for what I got.

The line itself was a bit of a long wait. Once we got in, the smell of pancakes and syrup filled the room. There was a nice waitress handing out mimosas to the guests, and then we basically just seated ourselves on the bottom level.

The room itself is wide, dark and has a traditional layout. It's a boxed style layout that is traditional with a balcony up stairs that surrounds the whole room. Then you have the main floor and then it drops below floor level. It's about medium sized that you'll get a good view anywhere.

Once we found our seats, we went hunting and gathering for food. There was a omelet line, which only produced 3 omelets at a time. It's about a 15-20 minute wait, but well worth it. The chef was very talkative and engaged with the patrons.

After that I picked up some HUGE perfectly cooked apple wood bacon. By the end of the performance, it was all gone. Also picked up freshly made mini waffles, and sausage.

I am fairly picky about my OJ that it can't be from concentrate. My friends made sure the waitress brought back fresh orange juice. I was very satisfied with it.

Service wise.. well they never came back to refill my drink. I'm assuming they stop service when the performance is on. There was a lady out there giving people new glasses of mimosas.

Performance of the gospel group? Absolutely amazing. High energy that got everyone off their feet, and participating with the audience was fun. Everyone was twirling around their cloth napkins in the air.
The House of Blues, has always been my most favorite place to watch a live concert. I've seen everyone from Incubus, Trapt, Finger 11, Seether, Modest Mouse, Erykah Badu, The Black Crowes, Crossfade, etc..  And has always been more affordable, because it really isn't a huge Venue.  and they have 3 bars attacking you from 3 sides.  Left, Right, And Behind!!  No! They don't have one on the stage. I think 3's enough!!  Other venues just charge too damned much.  Corporate Assholes!!!!  Yes Ticket Master, I mean Ticket Price Hoarders!!!!!  Hehehe!!
I was here for a corporate event with eBay/Paypal, and they had rented the whole place out. There was a Journey tribute band call "DSB" (Don't Stop Believing) who were very good. 

The foods they served (buffet style) was awesome. It was somewhat standard... chicken fingers, pasta, shrimp. There was an open bar, and the drinks were all top shelf. 

I had been here before a few times for dinner, and it was very good. The dishes are always large, and the prices (for a resort hotel) are pretty reasonable for what your get. And there is almost always a band... so live entertainment is always a good thing.
About 13 months ago I was excited to go across the country for my second Maryland Deathfest in Baltimore, MD. The line up was already stacked and it seemed like it could not get any better with bands like Impaled Nazarene, Inquisition, Doom, Cathedral, Cianide, Repugnant, and Goatsnake. I have to admit Goatsnake was a huge reason I decide to go again. Due to some issues they were unable to make the fest and I was bummed. Then the fest organizers announced that they would have a replacement band within a couple days. To every ones amazement they added Ghost. 

This made perfect sense seeing that the Death/Thrash Metal band Repugnant was preforming as well. A little side note, Ghost is Repugnant. If you doubt this, check out the Swedish Indie Rock band Subvision, also the same vocalist. With Repugnant playing during Sunday afternoon, it was only right for Ghost to close out MDF 9. They took the stage early Monday morning right after midnight absolutely killed it. 

Fast forward 13 months they added a Las Vegas date to their second U.S. tour since May last year. 

Traffic on the way to Mandalay Bay was crazy. After downing a few beers and some green in the parking garage we literally got their just in time for the show which started at 6:30 PM. The place was already packed and 24oz cans of beer were $12. Ghost's performance was amazing. They definitely put on a show with the whole band dressed in black cloaks and good ole Papa Emeritus in his satanic pope outfit. The set was only about 35 mins but they covered most songs from their debut album. It was pretty clear that everyone come out for the Ghost. The other two bands didn't receive the same reaction from the audience and were quite boring in my opinion. 

I hope they return with a headlining tour because 35 mins was just not enough. In Maryland they played everything to their name including a chilling cover of the Beatles's Here Comes the Sun. 

Oh yeah, the sound was on point, good job HoB.
AWESOME feel to the place. Came for breakfast. Creamer in the coffee was bad but the staff happily fixed it. Eggs were cooked perfectly and the children's portion of pancakes could feed an orphanage. Bloody Mary was decent and the music of course rocked.
Quite possibly the only place I see bigger bands that i like because they don't typical play anywhere else!...but its still an awesome place and i been coming for years.
They have $15 beer that i will not be buying,lol but upstairs is a few nice places with great happy hours, so pre-booze.
One of these days ill have the pleasure of sitting in the upper deck for a classy show-until then, I'll hang in the front line on the gate for my fav bands!!!
House of Blues is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  Excellent food and service and watching Rock Star Karaoke during dinner was fun.  The manager stopped by our table a few times to make sure all was good.  In all, very attentive service.  I ordered the sirloin and to my surprise, it came out cooked exactly how I wanted it!  The food was very tasty and served hot (always a plus).  The bar is well run and the bartenders know how to mix a drink correctly.  If you are in Las Vegas and are a bourbon lover like me, House of Blues stocks my favorite spirit...Woodford Reserve (Official bourbon of the Kentucky Derby).  I highly recommend it.  Most establishments do not stock this top shelf bourbon.  Had a great experience here (again) and it is always a regular stop when I am in town.
Love this place because all of my favorite bands play here. This venue is nostalgic to me. I've met musicians here, seen shows, and even taken a tour here. The bathrooms are the best! I know, how random. They always have this lady there that hands you paper towels and she has tons of lotions and perfumes to use (as long as you tip her, which I don't mind). The artwork gives this place the right feel. I'm always reminded of good memories and creating new ones.
I like this place. 

Here's why:
*their attentive
*it's moderately priced
*they have a lot of options on the menu--salads, meals, fish, pizza, etc
*from time to time they have live entertainment
*they have a Gospel Brunch on Sundays
*Shrimp 'n grits are really good [sauce on the side]
*it's good for groups
*it's super casual
*Steak salad is on the spicy side so I'd advise you to get the jalapenos on the side
*it's quick
Had a beautiful Cobb salad at a lively dinner with friends. Service was very good. Once music started it was hard to talk but that may be ok. Music was great!
Skip this restaurant.   It will give you the blues!   Went to HOB for dinner as I was craving their new Citrus Steak Salad - which I've had twice before.  It usually on point, delicious and unforgettable.  However I was very very disappointed tonight.  The salad did not have the same flavor as it used to - it was missing the hint of ginger and heat of jalapenos.  It tasted like a plain old forgettable chopped salad with a tasteless vinegarette dressing.  I mentioned it to the waiter - who didn't really seem to care - but offered to have them redo it and add some seasoning to it - I told him what flavors were missing....He brought it out after they remade it - it tasted the same....bland.....A manager came over and I told him that  I came specifically for this salad as I've had it twice before....and he explained that they took out the ginger and jalapenos because customers were complaining.....totally did not make sense to me as it is on the menu (which was created by chef Aaron Sanchez) He offered to bring me some chopped ginger ...and he thought they may still have some jalapenos in the back - and expected me to fix it myself......I said no thank you....He said they probably had a different chef this time.   Well...my thoughts were that that chef should follow the damn recipe that was created!!!!  Service was disappointing  - they just didn't really seem to care.  Once I complained....they stopped bringing refills.  They had a live band on stage - music was way too loud in the restaurant - not the place to go if you want to have any sort of conversation.  There is also a 10% entertainment tax that is now charged in many Las Vegas venues - so be aware!!  I will NOT be going back  - Thank you to the 2 employees of HOB for ruining my previous high praises.
It has been 10 years since I attend HOB Gospel Brunch and I took my friend who had never attended and we were both blown away. Now there are some glitches but first the outstanding points:

1. The food - it is yummy Southern home cooking - from the waffles to the made-to-order omelet station to prime rib to huge already peeled shrimp. The coffee is good as well as the mimosas.  The bread pudding was to die for - and there were plenty of salads, sides and I really loved the Mac and Cheese.

2. The music - it is unbelievable - the energy, the love, the power. It inspires me and I didn't want it to end. The show is interactive and you just want to get up and dance.

3. The atmosphere - you can carry on a conversation and still enjoy the music. You do sit family style and meet some very nice people. Com'n it is like going to church - you really don't need your own table.

Now the glitches:
1. Seating - originally I was seated at a table designed for 2 which had 2 additional chairs added to make it seating for 4. Once the drinks were brought, I knew I would be eating off my lap. I did look around and saw some empty seating (this was 1:30 so everyone had been admitted) and they did move me. However, seating for 2 is seating for 2 - at $40 a person, who wants to eat holding their plate or off their lap.

2.Service - now this is not the servers' fault - everyone was moving - more help is needed. I had to have my friend go to the bar to get our refills and the plates stacked up at our table of 8. Again, I am not faulting the staff - HOB - you need to add a few more - even part-time.

3. The Wait - be prepared to wait with long lines. I loved the waffles but it was truly the longest wait I ever had for waffles. 

I would still go back - I did give it 4 stars - but be prepared for long lines and see about sitting on the main floor instead of the second level.
What can I say? The House of Blues Gospel Brunch is a great family oriented wonderful experience to be had by all!!  If you are a fan of HOB's famous Mac N' Cheese get it here! If you are craving a home cooked made to order omelet with fresh ingredients get it here!!! Plump juicy link sausages, savory bacon, southern biscuits with sausage gravy!! YUMMM!! 

If you are interested in having lunch...juicy tender prime rib, spicy flavorful Chicken Jambalaya and one of the BEST Caesar's salads I have had in Vegas! The salad was crisp and the cheese was plentiful! Not like some of the limp soggy salads I have had in the past. 

Now on to the show... energetic, uplifting and entertaining! The female singer could sing her way onto any singing competition and blow them all away! The band The Gastons (I believe that is correct) had some smooth dance moves! Very fun and leaves you feeling with a light heart.

The only reason they did not rate five stars is because on Mother's Day the wait staff seemed a little overwhelmed and we did not get a coffee pitcher refill and the mimosa's were very slow in coming. Other than that a great overall experience!!
This is a review of the concert venue.  Not of the restaurant.

I have seen some amazing concerts here.  I have won tickets to the shows.  I have purchased tickets.  Most times the ticket prices are good.  It is crowded.  They pack a lot of people into this small space.  So it gets kind of stuffy.  It is too loud sometimes too.  I know I am making myself older than I really am.  But a venue inside that is so small does not really need to have to sound turned up to 11.  It gets to a point where you can't really even hear the music clearly.  And though it is supposed to be a non-smoking venue, there is a lot of smoking that goes on.  At least at some of the shows I've been to.  I am not speaking of tobacco smoke either.  The pot smoke has been so heavy that I had to leave a couple of shows early.  I don't like to feel trapped with that kind of smoke.  It is a comfort thing.  So while I like this venue for the most part, it is not my favorite.
Watched Dita Von Tease at House of Blues. May 17th 2012 : The show started 20 minutes late, since it is standing room only tickets at $45-55 a pop and we had to arrive at least 30 minutes early so it is not very pleasant. A total of 50 minutes standing time and some audiences were sitting on the dirty floor... Once the show started it was disappointing and not worth the wait at all. What a waste of life and time this was! I didn't know a fat woman twirling nipple tassels is entertainment!? The MC told us the more we drank the better the show becomes and prettier the women too. I understand HOB started the show late so they can sell more drinks, but it is not fair to the audiences. Only thing nice about that place is the chandelier, I had the chance to stare at it for 50 minutes.
Happy hour from 2-6 every day! Hello! They don't have anything on Draft, but the drink selection is not all that bad. I mean $3 bottles and $5 drinks. Not to shabby. Plus the food ranges from $3-6 during happy hour ( I believe) so it is not all bad. The jalapeno cornbread is yummy and served to you in a small cast iron skillet. The steak quesadillas were filled to capacity with yummy steak and cheese. I do think my favorite was the bbq pork sliders. Yummy and nicely priced. ( Plus cannot believe I had not written a review about them until now SMH!)
Went to House Blues twice in 2 days. The service is pretty bad.  Dinner on 6/7 we were a party of 12. They acted like they were doing us a favor! Service was terrible! We waited 1 hour for dinner. When I inquired about our food, I was rudely told about the number of people was difficult to accommodate. Give me a break. Any professional restaurant and staff will easily handle double the size of our small party. They had the nerve to add the tip, however referred to it as a service charge. music was unbearably loud. 

We returned next morning with bounce back coupons. Manager was a jackass. The servers and hostesses told us he was a control freak, and would not accept more than one coupon per table, never mind we spent $370.00 the night before. We split up our party so we can buy one get one free. Our server took both coupons at our table. He got a big tip!

I spend a lot of time in Vegas, at Mandalay Bay where this Restaurant is located . I won't be going back. 

I do not recommend this Restaraunt
5 Stars for Shotguns N Gasoline!
Throughout the years my friends and I have been coming to the House of Blues for concerts. A few of us recently came here last Friday for the Scissor Sisters show. We came in late and the only spots left were near the side bar. With the large pillar cutting off our direct view, I was bummed. If the artist is energetic and works the stage well, it is no problem. Luckily, SS did just that. Jake Shears and Anna Matronic moved strutted their stuff all over the place. As the show continued, people moved off and we got a better view. HoB does have TV screens to alleviate the obstructed view, but it doesn't help because they recorded it from a far distance. 

A major complaint I have about most concert venues is the parking situation. While other places tend to be a free for all after a show and locks down the ramps, it was not difficult to get out of the Mandalay Bay. I was amazed since there were two concerts going on that night.
This review is for the Restaurant not the Venue. CAN YOU SAY RIP OFF!  No where on the menu or stated by our server that they automatically ding you for Gratuity and Entertainment tax.  Our bill was $156 and by the time they added on there extras our bill was $209.  Now wait a minute we had a table of 3 not 8 and the band playing was a local blues band not a big production name.  When I asked our waiter why we had to pay an extra $53 dollars he said I don't know but we have to give tip money to the bar and cook.  THE BAR DID A CRAPPY JOB OF MAKING ANY DRINK!  Charged me $11 for a vodka fruit punch that was water down and taste like grapfruit...which I did not ask for.  The one star was for the waiter who was on our table like an ant to food.  He was attentive and friendly.  Needless to say we gave our waiter a little extra but not much since we were forced to pay gratuity in our bill.

My hubby and I are so angry that we will never return to the HOB for food or drinks; next time we eat and drink up before we go and order waters.
Food and service were really good. I had the bbq bacon burger. Best burger I've had out in a while. I'd give 5 stars but I think it was a bit pricey. $14 for the cheapest burger seems a bit much to me.
I going to squeeze 2 experience into 1 review for the House of Blues. I was on a business trip and staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel and the very first night I was there, the head of my region decided to treat everyone to a meal at the House of Blues. The waitresses and waiters successfully and quickly handled our entire group in a coordinated effort and made sure our glasses were always full and that all of the food was hot when it arrived at our table. No small feat considering we were a group of over 30.

I wasn't feeling too adventurous so i just ordered a burger, but the burger was cooked very well and the options of what you could add to the burgers were very extensive. My entire group was happy with the food, but if the waitresses says the dish is on the small side, please take her on her word. The Cobb salad was humungous and I will give a second-hand review of "delicious".

I had such a good experience the first night that when another, smaller group of co-workers asked me if I wanted to go, I immediately said yes. I went with a group of 4 and got their House of Blue salad and a side order of Sweet potatoes fries (because I just couldn't say no). I was just as pleased the second time around with the food and the service. The best part of the second night was the fact that they had several TV's and it was easy to see game 4 of the NBA Finals. Unfortunately the Miami Heat still won.
VEGETARIAN REVIEW: 

Happy to find a somewhat affordable place in Mandalay Bay.  We really didn't want to spend $30+pp on a gut busting meal after a long day of travel and being a little before 10pm and wanting a decent veggie option it was tough to find something that fit the bill.

The breakdown:
*Ambiance: cool decor, good music: 4 stars
*Staff: pleasant, helpful: 4 stars
*Food: 
  ---Fianc got Fried Chicken with potatoes and veggies, said it was flavorful/tender but greasy $17.99: 3 stars,       ---I'm a vegetarian so I got the child's mac and cheese plus a side of veggies, that mac was yummy! $6.99+$3.99 (not bad for a Mandalay restaurant and just the right amount): 4 stars

All in all, we were happy to have found it and if we find ourselves in a similar predicament again we may go- otherwise we'll hop across the strip to the In-n-Out.
I hate that I let my friends convince me to eat at this place on the Strip.  Spent approx. $60 for 2 dinners and 2 beers.  The quality was just mediocre too.  Grrr...never again!
We came here recently for Social Media Day with a show put on by Steel Panther, and having attended other concerts before, I think its a cool place to go for a concert, but I prefer grabbing a table and enjoy a show while seated.

Being on the floor is cool, but standing room only? No thanks....plus the claustrophobic situation that follows?...Pass...Do yourself a favor and pay a little more for your own spacious seating area...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(315/365) "Sit Or Stand???"
I give the bar/happy hour a 4. The bartenders are super friendly, dranks are cheap ($3 beers) and the food menu is good. The margherita pizza is delicious. Next door, they have a little club. It wasn't very busy that night (I highly doubt it's a happening place), but it's a great place to go if all you want to do is get your dance on.

The restaurant on the other hand is a hot ass mess. 1 star. Me and the fam went for lunch and we were pretty excited because the menu was created by Aaron Sanchez (foodnetwork chef). My mom ordered the fish of the day, my dad got the rib eye, cousin got te lobster Mac and cheese, bf got the Jamaican burger and I got the juicy lucy burger. First off, we waited forever for the food.. But I'll let that slide because there were 5 of us. Second, the food finally came out and my cousins lobster Mac and cheese was sans lobster. And lastly, my mom found a piece of plastic wrapper in her veggies. We called the manager over and told him about the lobster and the plastic. All he said was that  the kitchen was learning a new menu and that he'd send some new veggies and take care of it. Then the waiter gave us the wrong check and my mom never got her side of veggies. But at the end of the day, we got 50% off our bill. 

The rib eye was super tender and yummy. The juicy Lucy burger was tasty and a fattie and the bf love his burger. The fish of the day was swordfish, but it was a tiny ass serving, the size of a toddler's palm. The lobster Mac and cheese is also yummy, but make sure they don't forget the lobster. 

All in all, I definitely won't be returning to the crossroads restaurant. The food is ok/good but the service is THE WORST. The part that bothers me the most is that no one was apologetic about anything. But I'll probably go to the bar for a cheap beer.
Oh god (sorry, I'm athiest), make it stop. 

I'm not sure who is going to this, but they must all be religious. That's the only reason I can see for all these great reviews of this place. YIKES.

The food was, like most have said, just okay. It wasn't anywhere near special and the price was over the top to have a sad buffet. The food was just warm. It wasn't hot, the bacon wasn't crispy, the mac 'n cheese lacked any sort of distinct flavor, the drinks were watered down. I'm so disappointed.

BUT, I could have dealt with that, I went really for the music. I was raised in a Southern Baptist household (the forced religion thing led me to stop believing in anything, hence atheist) so the music, while yes, religious, is something that I have deeply fond memories of. The jubilation, the reverence, it all moves me. Or did, until I got here. 

What the heck? The songs weren't traditionally gospel. They were made up, I think. The woman singing talked more than she sang, and when she did sing her voice was scratchy and lacked something. The only song I recognized was Amazing Grace and that lasted far longer than it should have. I just wasn't impressed and I think my background in gospel singing is well established. I was hoping for something less showy, more reverent and got this really whacked out stage show that didn't have much to do with any gospel I've ever heard and it was just sad. I went hoping to be moved and instead left early. And, they seemed like they wanted to convert people. I understand that it's a 'gospel' show, but I came to hear singing, not preaching. It was almost offensive, I expected them to start passing the plate at any time. Did I mention I was SO disappointed? I was so disappointed.

There are a lot better places to spend your money on music than here. This seemed like a put on circus act. I was so disappointed. AND, it was expensive! Boo!
I have been to many concerts and events in my life and this was one of the worst organized ever. 

I decided to treat my daughter to a Demi Lovato concert and paid for really nice seats at Planet Hollywood. I was very unhappy when they rescheduled the venue last minute to HOB, but this part was not their fault. We found that our $100 seats were all now general admission.  Fine, so we sold the tickets and bought the GA. But were not told by HOB that there were a few "classes" of standing room. That was my first sign of trouble, and when I should have just bailed.

We got there, got in line hours before, an hour before opening, they started checking tickets and filed us into a large open area (like a "cattle pen") without any clear instruction as to where to stand.  It then became clear there was no regard for how long we were waiting in line, ie., new comers were squeezing into the crowd all over.  Many arguments again occurred and security then tried to then form new people in some semblence of order or arrival.  Didnt happen.  Then, to my amazement, security guards tried to push and shove their way through the mass of people to check tickets all over again. Amazing.... what did they do the first time around?  I guess the first time they were giving wrist bands and then were scanning the tickets in two steps.  Absoluely brilliant.

Then after a maddening and frustrated 90 mins waiting like cattle, it was time to go in, and they opened the tape and a near riot broke out with people pushing and shoving as hard as they could to get in, and I could see someone fall in the front, so they stopped and tried to tell us to slow down.   yeah, right, slow down, how could you, hundreds of people, many angry because last minute arrivers were cuttting into the mass of people.  It was a mess. 

The theatre is organized into a "pit" with tapes separating the "classes" of ticket, then there is the bar area, and the balcony. All, first come.  Once the main act opened people were just pushing through within the tapes and through, the strongest and boldest seem to win the better places to stand. 

It amazes me that HOB does not read these reviews. I've read exactly the same reviews over and over again. This place appears to be run by the worse crew of amateurs I've ever encountered. For the life of me, I cannot understand how injuries or fights have not occurred spurring need for organization just for liability sake. There were so many opportunities to make this a great, organized event. I really want to come to see Santana in Sept, but I will certainly look elsewhere.

mh
This review is for HOB as a concert venue only.  

Returned here with a buddy for another Steel Panther show.  

This a good venue for concerts.  The sound quality is great.  The sight lines are good, and it's easy to get a drink here.  The bars are easily accessible, and servers work the floor in front of the stage before the show.   24oz beers are $14.00, which isn't bad at all and pretty typical of what you will pay at many venues (not just Vegas).  

Panther was totally bitchen, as usual.
I was a bit disappointed by the presentation especially with it resting in the Mandalay Bay. To me it looked just like Friday's and I've never been to a house of Blues before but I'm sure it's not supposed to make you feel like you're eating at TGI Friday's. They have the strangest decor I've ever seen; painted crosses covered with bottle caps and paintings of disfigured people on the walls.

They had s decent happy hour going, $5 well drinks and $3 beers. We ordered 3 appetizers that came with the happy hour deal, nachos and cheese, hot wings and chicken tenders while we sat ate the bar drinking our beers. I grabbed me a Blue Moon to go and stuffed it in my purse.
Ate breakfast here on our way out of town. Chose it out of convenience at we were staying at THE Hotel. Was told wait was 15 minutes or immediate seating at the "high bar tables only". We opted for the bar, but at least half the restaurant was empty and the regular tables in the same section were completely empty (the high tables are very uncomfortable for me to sit at because of back problems and also for the husband who is very tall).

The server was very prompt and friendly and brought coffee right away. However, we did wait about 25 minutes for our food.

The food was tasty, but my omelet had a wrong ingredient in it and I was brought toast with no jelly or butter. My husband said the corned beef hash was better at Red, White and Blue (also in MB hotel), and his poached eggs were not really poached at all (not runny but solid).

We were on a time crunch so we didn't have my order corrected and I borrowed jelly from the table next to me.

For Vegas, the prices are pretty reasonable. I will probably try another place next time.
My taste for music is as moody as I can be sometimes and last week I was feeling hard rock. Luckily, I found out that one of my favorite bands, Volbeat, was performing that night along side Hellyea, at the House of Blues. My husband bought the tickets and we headed over on a Thursday evening.

The venue is not huge but I didn't feel like it was too crowded, just what you can expect from a rock concert. We had seats on the balcony and it was actually very nice to watch the band and the crazy pit from up there - made me be thankful for my upstairs seats. There was one bar upstairs, which also wasn't overly crowded and very easy to access. Security staff was very friendly and helped us find our seats.
We came here for drinks. I ordered a Bloody Mary and my friend ordered Grey Goose and tonic. Drinks were STRONG. I really liked the interior and our bar tender was super friendly. Drinks were not expensive. I would come back and check out the food.
This has being a great venue to watch concerts- I have been here many times and I always had a ball
I had been here once or twice before.  On those trips I didn't have a negative experience, but it wasn't a good one either.

The first thing you should know about my most recent trip (and what will be my last) is that someone got stabbed in the crowd.  This is the fault of the venue.  Security is a joke.  When entering I watched multiple go inside after the metal detector wand had beeped.  The overcrowding in the General Admission area certainly didn't help the matter.

Due to the stabbing, security (and later police) roped off an area of about 15 square feet due to it being a crime scene.  This of course didn't help any of the crowding concerns.  The blood puddle was left untouched which is important for the crime scene, and we should be able to continue the show right?  Nope, after 2 or 3 more songs the concert was ended early.

The ticket prices are ridiculous at this venue ($60 after fees for general admission).  It's even worse knowing that the concert still had at least 30 more minutes.  Not only did I feel unsafe because of this venue, but they also essentially stole $20-$30 from me.

EDIT: One employee has contacted me through yelp regarding this review and apologized for my bad experience.  I appreciate it.  I have also sent some letters to some managers and directors as well.  I will try to update further if anything happens.  All that said, the review will remain at 1 star as that was my experience of the venue.  It would take a lot to get me to return and re-evaluate my rating.  I would not re-evaluate without actually returning.

EDIT2: House of Blues has responded to my letter and has sent me a gift card to compensate for my bad experience.  I'm very happy that they responded to my complaints.  Hopefully soon I'll have an updated review and a much better experience to share.
How do you mess up a grilled cheese? I don't know but this place did. It smelled like fish! The fries were mediocre, but at least they smelled like fries. Plan to go elsewhere to eat after you see a show here.
Food was just ok, was with 3 other people.  On the burgers; buns not fresh, need more flavor.  Fries were blah, although friends said the sweet potato fries were good.  Service was mediocre, and the place was dirty, and this was a regular Thursday night, so it not slammed with people at all.
Not too long ago I had my first experience at this particular House of Blues, and it was definitely a great one! I went on a Tuesday night which happens to be when their  "Swingin Tuesdays" occurs. If you are a fan of swing, you should check it out! There are many talented swing dancers that turn up, and the live band is pretty good too!

On to the food! I decided to order their Lobster Mac & Cheese. If you are looking for pure ooey-gooey cheesy lobster BLISS, order this! The mac and cheese comes served hot and topped with crunchy panko breadcrumbs. If you have never tried panko breadcrumbs before, you are missing out. The light, crunchy texture provides a perfect coating for any dish. The cheese was very creamy and tasted great with the large, plentiful pieces of lobster they provided in the meal. If you can't tell by now, I was very satisfied. 

For dessert, I ordered the triple chocolate cheesecake. In case you didn't read it right the first time, let me say it again.. TRIPLE. CHOCOLATE. CHEESECAKE. Anything with triple the amount of chocolate is amazing in my book. The cheesecake is served with raspberries and other seasonal berries to compliment the chocolatey goodness. The whipped cream was the added cherry on top to this perfect dessert. Definitely 10/10, would eat again.
So, apparently being ecstatic about Steel Panther isn't enough of a review for this place - so I have to actually rewrite it. 

Steel Panther. That's all i have to say. What a great show. I've been here twice to see them, and both times the House of Blues was a great experience. The lines were quick to enter (this last time I went) and the first time during the VIP host, both the front host and our cocktail waitress were pleasant to work with. Great setup and started on time both times. It was a blast and enjoyed my visit here both times.

Thank you Steel Panther. We will see each other again soon! THank you HOB for a great setup!
GROSS! Absolutely DISGUSTING!

I ordered a half-rack of ribs to-go because I was exhausted after a long day and thought it was an order hard to screw-up. I'm literally throwing up just thinking about this food. 

The ribs were covered in what can only be described as scum. Have you ever boiled meat and skimmed the surface of the water to get rid of the sh*t floating on top? Well that's what these ribs were covered in. I wiped them down over and over again with a napkin. REVOLTING. There was hardly any meat on the bones (a blessing?) and the taste is hard to describe, but I'll try. It tasted like the smell of an old dog that's been left in the rain for a week. I think because they were extremely old as well as poorly prepared.

The silver skin was still attached which just made a disgusting experience a million times worse. 

The beans were mealy and completely tasteless. Again, this might be a blessing when compared with the overwhelmingly, violently disgusting, wet dog-tasting, old-ass smelling ribs. Who f*cks up cole slaw, you ask? It's just cabbage and mayo, right? Well House of Blues manages to infuse some weird, metallic after-taste to this simple staple. WHAT A MESS!

This is a restaurant that is EXTREMELY unconcerned with food quality. CRIMINALLY BAD!
I hit up happy hour here one afternoon. It starts at like 2:00pm. Yes, you read correctly, 2pm. Get your half price chicken tenders and cold wine starting at 2pm. It was a deal I returned for twice, I think. I started taking those babies out to the pool with me. The lighting is moody and low. The decor is all house of blues. I mean sort of if you've seen one, you've seen 'em all. But I think there are subtle nuances from place to place. They're not exactly all the same. As it was happy hour (ahem, did I already say 2pm?) and I had to sneak my chicken tenders out to the pool, I did not stay for a show. But one of these ol' days, I will. I certainly will. 5/9/12
I waited about 9 months to attend the Carlos Santana show last Saturday night
at HOB Vegas.
I attended the greatest "show I have ever seen in a bar".
Music was great and the HOB staff that I saw really did an incredible job
taking care of all the guests.
Our bartender "Victor"? I think his name?..great guy, polite, fast, you got a positive vibe when the staff seems to enjoy their work.
I look forward to attending other shows there..

I will be back! Thanks HOB Vegas!
Good god - it's not that we sat down for brunch with HIGH expectations... But the huge servings of terrible food didn't make up for the fact that it was still terrible food.  Service was terrible to boot.
Saw a show at the house of blues tonight. Awesome venue... Sound was great. Staff was friendly . I would go back anytime.
Ain't no concert like a House a Blues concert! Please remember to toast your happiness there at the BAR! peace
Saw Metric here last night and I was really impressed.  The acoustics are fantastic and every seat has a good view.  It's a small and intimate venue--smaller than even the Pearl.   I wish that more bands would play here instead of the crappy Boulevard Pool (I seriously hate that place as a venue).

Also, they have a decent selection of ENORMOUS canned beers.  OMG, I am so hungover....
This review is for the concert venue (I have never had any experience with the gift shop/restaurant*). 

I have been to over ONE HUNDRED shows here, the first being Blue October in 2006 (hey, there was nothing else on a weekday night) and the last being one of the thirty Steel Panther sets I have seen here. Seems masochistic if I really believe this venue is two stars right? Well, one does not have a choice if a show is booked here or at another better venue.  

This venue seems to be a magnet for douches. I cannot put it any other way. It's probably the location, because it is not particularly the shows; sets of Steel Panther at Ovation @ Green Valley Ranch go on without a hitch. A Joe Rogan/Deathsquad set goes on without a hitch at the now defunct Playboy Comedy Club at Palms, but here at House of Blues .... ahem ... crowd is comprised of 40% deebags. It could be argued that it is not the venue's fault, but perhaps it is. 

I have never been hit with a cup full of beer at The Pearl; seems to be something that would only happen at HOB because of several factors:
- security is not respected; 
- security -- generally speaking, is not competent, hence why they are not respected; and
- bartenders, some of them at least, are inherently rude pricks therefore agitating the poor cheap beer consumer and filling them with unpleasantness (and cheap nasty libation) which later would inspire them to throw a half-filled cup of the shit towards an innocent group of concert-goers due to the clear lowering of standards of decent etiquette. 

Ten or more times I have walked up to the bar and asked for a cup of ice water. Ten or more times I have scored the HOB employee lottery and gotten a cool bartender that realizes it is exactly fifteen or so seconds of their time. They give me the cup and I give them a couple of Washingtons as compensation. 

Why is it that the one time there is a EDM festival outside (at the beach or the arena or who knows [I did not attend], and the aftershow is in the HOB, a deebag bartender, who years earlier as a regular concert-goer probably was the perpetrator of a thrown beer or two at the same venue, announces to my girlfriend that he would not give her water that was from the Las Vegas Valley Water District. Uh, okay. 

Truly nonsensical, especially considering they use that SAME water for drinks, but perhaps they were mandated with selling more over*priced bottles of water by supervisors/management because they were expecting a bunch of thirsty, candykids to be in there that night. Cool; eight dollars or whatever the hell it is for a bottle of Dasani water, which is just tap water from another city, and no tip for the dude behind the bar.

Those other reviews pointing to the gross oversell of the GENERAL ADMISSION/FLOOR areas of HOB-Vegas have it pretty dead on. I have been to, I don't know, ten-twelve different HOB venues and none oversells the GA sections of their concert halls like this HOB does. None have such an impressively poor climate control system either where it seems like it is 120 degrees F during some sets (Common during NBA All-Star Weekend comes to mind).    

This venue will never be a Pearl, or a Book & Stage, but it could be as decently solid as HOBs in other states (Dallas, TX comes to mind, or even Chicago, IL [which is by no means perfect]). There are significant problems that are organic to this particular HOB venue and it is quite sad because a lot of decent shows are booked here. You've been warned. - E

*except one time when they were supposed to be the distributor for the LV Weekly advanced screening passes, and they were giving out passes at 11AM, we walked in at 11:01AM, and were informed they were "sold out" of passes. Bullshit, and indicative of how this place sometimes operates as a whole. They have some really cool employees, and yet at the same time unfortunately some of the most soured, rude, and outright criminaloids working there as well.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CONCERT VENUE ONLY.

So far I have been to HOB twice this year. One was for Hoobastank and the other was for RZA, Wu Tang Clan founder.

First, let me get the negatives out of the way. That way you can end reading this on a more positve note.

NEGATIVES:

Security says you cant smoke and that you have to go back outside to do so. This is FALSE. The two times I was there people were smoking weed and regular cigarettes. Not once did I see ANY security or usher walking around telling people to put out their smokes. I for one don't smoke but I am not about to be a killjoy by ratting them out. I assumed even if I did, they probably wouldnt do a damn thing about it. 

The main floor that's right in front of the stage can get a little messy. What I mean by that is you got people drinking and spilling their beer not just on the floor, but also on other people as well. You will also see pretty much the same people that drink just throw their garbage on to the floor. Talk about litter bugs! Again I for one dont drink but if I did, I would hang out by the bar area to enjoy my suds until I was done. Then I would make my way to the main floor. There should be a rule that you cant drink on the main floor. 

The climate to this place fluctuates. Sometimes its rather warm and sometimes it can get pretty cold. Dont know how HOB has their system set up, but its definitely not consistent.

POSITIVES:

The stage has just the right amount of room and is elevated so you can see the performers pretty clear. Since its an intimate setting, you are pretty close to all those that are on stage. Most of my pictures I have taken looks like im pretty much right in front of them so when my friends see the pics, they get kinda jealous because it looks like im so very close to the stage.

The sound and lighting is awesome! When there are some deep bass lines in some songs, you can literally feel the bass pounding right through your body! 


So overall, I would say I had an ok experience both times here. Its just that those negatives were still there and it didnt matter who was performing.
We went for Sunday night dinner. It wasn't packed which was great.  There was a live band playing good music.  I ad the catch of the day which happened to be swordfish.  It was very good- well seasoned & moist.  It came with bacon mashed potatoes & sauted veggies.  The place was clean & sercice was good.
Had breakfast here food was good. Nothing special.
This was our first stop of the night. We had some drinks and the vibe was casual and relaxing. The noise level wasn't too loud so we were able to converse normally. I certainly enjoyed my time here!
Ahhh the good ol' HOB. Man..I remember when this was THE concert spot ..the ultimate place to see your favorite performer and also the ultime spot for a performer to play.

I can start my review off memories , some blurry because of the alcohol , contact high or simply because I was in a musical orgasm; However it would not be fair for the readers

The place is small. Lets face it. You will end up tasting the sweat of the person right next to you .I can tell you the night before going to a HOB concert I pray to the Gods that the people around me decided to take a shower before the event.

On the flip side..small means close..close means better vibe..better vibe means awesome show! So if you are ok with all that.. it is still a very cool venue specially if you choose to sit on the balcony where there are movie theater kinda seats .

Sound is outdated. Sadly to report they seem to not want to upgrade the speakers nor their (speakers)location. Usually they have to retune , or the sound is simply not that good. The place have a lot of wood which is great for sound..but when you have the same speakers that "the wonders" from "that thing you do" had..then you are pretty much done.

They are selling food now.Hot dogs pizza , etc. And the price is actually pretty damn good for being inside the venue that is inside a casino. It amazingly tastes pretty good as well(for concert food of course). Food tends to go fast and wait time might be a little long but I think its pretty awesome to have the availability .

Drinks are just ok. Sometimes you get that water downed vodka and cran, but they will NEVER forget to charge you more than 12 dollars for it. Seriously HOB? I mean you are selling 5 dollars pizza but a 12 dollars Barbie sized cocktail? On the flip side..they sell tall boys and that's what I stick with

This place is where its at right now due lack of investment and love from its owners . Music artists don't want to play where they know their concert is not gonna be up to par. People don't want to go to weak concerts and then the whole chain reaction starts.Trust me ;the concept is awesome and I love the feel of a private venue, without the crazy expensive ticket price and with a cool ambiance. Im sure if HOB decides to take care of their spot , all this could change.

Rock out with your YELP out !
I came to watch jimmy eats world since I wanted a show while in Vegas but nothing overly expensive. We had gone to the red square before the concert ad drank alot of vodka and then  purchased a drink wristband  at HOB which my husband ended up taking full advantage of. This venue was small & intimate like others and no view was bad to enjoy the show. Unfortunately we were next to an obnoxious old drunk guy who kept bumping into me and causing me to spill my drink. Didn't realize how smashed my Hubby was either until I noticed he kept singing the same song over and over again lol. I followed him outside for a smoke break and when we tried to return inside he ran straight into the wall and security said he was done and kicked us out. I just couldn't believe after all the heavy metal and rap concerts we get kicked out of "jimmy eat world"! Hahaha I was pissed leaving before their set was over and it was only 9pm.
Their gumbo soup is really good. There's lots of flavor. 

However, their jambalaya - not so much. The rice was mushy, and it tasted very tomato-y but without much flavor.. The portion was very large though. It's definitely big enough for two.

The cornbread was very good. It came out in a cute little skillet. It's an appetizer that you'd definitely want to share. It does have jalapeos in it. The maple butter that it came with was delish.

The lobster mac & cheese was super creamy. It had lots of big chunks of lobster.
The place is a dump. Recently we saw GNR at HRH. Awesome sound, excellent venue, everything the HOB is not. For one thing the HOB makes no effort to restrict the number of people trying to force their way into GA. I'll never buy those tickets again. It is not safe. I'm not sure what the regulators are waiting for, but somebody is going to die in there because of their asinine policies. In the event of an emergency there would not be enough body bags. At HRH the tickets for the GA area in front of the stage are tightly controlled. No one gets in front of the stage unless they have a ticket. At HOB it was anything goes.
The sound system needs a rework. Also it would be much more pleasant for the patrons if on occasion the cleaning staff actually cleaned the floor. Wherever we walked we stuck. Ick!
I decided to check out House of blues for brunch. The food was okay. Probably the best place for brunch in Mandalay Bay. There aren't many great places to eat at Mandalay, especially for brunch. I had an egg sandwich, eggs over easy on a buttermilk biscuit along with a side of fresh fruit. My eggs were not over easy. In fact they were overcooked. How do you mess up eggs? I just don't understand how restaurants do this. The biscuit was rich and yummy..they did not mess that up. Overall the breakfast was just okay, but 10 times better than the Mandalay buffet and room service. Therefore if I stay at Mandalay again, I may eat here again out of pure convenience.
This was a great venue to view a live concert, especially since they still have reserved seating, something that has all but disappeared from smaller music venues.  I like the property, I like the staff, the acoustics were great and it was a pleasant experience.  I do have a caveat for those attending shows there however- particularly people who buy their tickets online at Live Nation or Ticketmaster with the intent of printing their tickets at home.

If you print your tickets online and are offered the "Pass the Line" option, don't buy it.  It's not necessary.  At the House of Blues home page, it clearly states that all a person has to do is present a receipt from the restaurant or gift shop in order to automatically receive priority entrance into the music hall.  This is true at all HOB locations in the USA, per their website.  Furthermore if like me you purchase assigned seating tickets, there really is no need for priority entrance.  Those who have General Admission/Standing Room Only tickets will have a priority, as they can get into the music hall faster and secure a better place to watch the show.

Since I did not visit the HOB website to purchase my ticket to a recent show at the Las Vegas HOB, I was not aware of this option until after the fact.  I went to Tickemaster/LiveNation and bought the ticket there. During the check out process, an icon for "Pass the Line" popped up with an offer.  Buy a Pass the Line voucher in advance online, and receive not just the priority entrance, but also $20 on the voucher good towards purchase in the restaurant or gift shop.  I took it because I already knew I would be eating dinner at HOB before the show.  The voucher did not provide anything at a discount or for free, and in fact it is restrictive because it has to be used the night of the performance.  It really isn't anything more than HOB finding a way to receive payment for a meal or gift shop purchase well in advance.  Good marketing, but not good value for the consumer.  I bit anyway- that was a mistake.  After the ticket and the $20 voucher were paid for, I received an email link to print my ticket.  Upon printing I discovered that the printout includes a coupon for $10 off a restaurant meal purchase(s) of $25 or more.  The verbiage does not state it is not for the date of the ticketed performance, or excludes that performance, nor does it state that it cannot be combined with any other offer.  It is blatantly an attempt to get concert goers to eat at the restaurant, period.

So I took my receipt for the prepaid voucher to the box office and was issued the voucher.  I also had the $10 off offer on the printout with me.  When I presented the voucher worth $20 in conjunction with the printed meal discount offer, I was told they could not be used together, that the discount was for a future date as in incentive for people to return to dine.   I disagreed and said there was no verbiage to that effect.  I spoke to the manager, and explained that not only was the verbiage not present, but also the $20 voucher I tendered as payment was not a freebie or a comp, I paid the $20 in advance.  In other words, I was not getting anything for free by using it.  The manager attempted to tell me that was the fee to get past the line and onto the VIP line, at which point I pointed out that there was nothing special, as I could have merely dined and obtained a receipt, and presented the receipt with my ticket as proof of dining.  The manager abruptly relented and stated he would honor both because he "wants me to have a good time at the concert."  I don 't necessarily believe that was his true motive, but it works for me.  

The moral of the story is that if you are  planning on dining at HOB prior to the show, just pay for your dinner when you get there.
We decided to get a little 'touristy' this past Christmas.

We came to Mandalay Bay to see the Shark reef and decided to eat here for Christmas lunch.

SO much better then what I was expecting, which was typical hotel on the strip food.
I had the Christmas special which was Prime Rib, Sweet potatoes and mixed veggies and for dessert, chocolate cheesecake.

everything was delicious.
not one item I ate was bad and I was so impressed.

on top of that,
we had excellent service from both our waiter and at the busy times, the funny bartender, who at one point started pouring our drinks while wearing normal street clothes So at first we weren't sure if he was an employee or just a crazy customer who picked up a pitcher and started doing his good deed Christmas day.


will definitely be back again.

could not have asked for better customer service or food!
What can I say it's The House of Blues, if you've seen one you've seen them all. mostly standing room unless you pay for bottle service or the balcony is open. Good sound I have no complaints.
I'm not a party person, kinda a homebody actually. But I enjoyed this place a lot. The music was loud and fun, the atmosphere was great and the waiters were prompt. Not a bad experience in my book.
I've seen three shows here and one gospel brunch. It's a great venue. Seems like there isn't a bad seat in the house. I like the balcony, short drink lines and restroom lines every time I've been there.

Gospel brunch was awful. Very loud, very Jesusy, and the food was terrible compared to the food in the restaurant. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. I only went because we had free tickets, but I think we still overpaid.
This review is for the entertainment only.  Friday night karaoke was outstanding.   You sing on stage with a live band.  There are definitely some regulars here - the mid 50's guy with the semi-Billy Idol haircut who sang an Idol song (quite well) and a few others.  5 stars to the biker looking dude who sang "Welcome to the Jungle" and put Axl Rose to shame.  5 stars as well to the guy who got on stage wearing cowboy boots and big black cowboy hat.  I was expecting some straight-up honky tonk country until he invited everyone to give  him the middle finger, announced it was his birthday and then rocked Motley Crue's "Shout at the Devil".

There were some people that absolutely had no business being on stage, but that's how it is every night at karaoke night, no matter where you are.
Came here feb 13 to hear the pj Barth trio (who was awesome) and also decided to eat here. 
We ordered whisky and cokes which came out very quickly and decided to order the full rack of st Louis ribs. Let me say-best ribs I've had in Vegas. The meat fell off the bone, and had some tasty brands and excellent coleslaw to go with it. We also had the banana bread with a whisky glaze that was to die for. 

Besides all the great food our waitress, Nicole, was top notch. She was nice and chatty and very attentive. She suggested the banana bread dessert to us. Even if the food was horrible (which it wasn't) I would come back here for drinks just because of her good service. We probably will come back tonight!
They should really teach the wait staff to take ownership.
I went here with a few friends for a birthday. The night started off fine with the waiter taking our drink orders and getting settled. When the waiter asked what I wanted I pointed to the Caesar salad and said, "I'll have the Caesar salad with steak" he looked over my right shoulder to where I was pointing and said ok. When I got the salad it didn't taste like a caesar salad but every place had their own special dressing and no two are ever really the same so I thought nothing of it.., until I put an avocado in my mouth! I wasn't sure what it was at first but I spit it out because it wasn't something I expected. The lighting in the place is tinted so I still couldn't tell what I had put in my mouth until my tongue started to burn. I'm very allergic to avocado! I took out my phone to confirm what it was and sure enough it is avocado. I promptly rinsed my mouth with my drink and realized I didn't have antihistamines or my epi pen on me... They were in my bag I forgot in the car. Thankfully because I didn't ingest it and because I quickly spit and rinsed I only ended up with a swollen, itchy tongue and lips. When I told the waiter I didn't see avocado on the menu description he pointed to the Steak Salad(not the Caesar) and said, "right there" when I told him I ordered the other salad he said, "sorry, I heard steak salad so that's what I wrote down." 
What I heard when he said that was, "I wasn't actively listening to your order. I heard a key word and assumed I would be right." Or "you totally said steak salad and now you're trying to put this on me!" 
Either way he wasn't listening or looking (because I even pointed) and he refused to take ownership. Had I swallowed the avocado this could have been a lot worse than a bad review! This could have been me dead and them in a lot of trouble with my partner and our lawyer. 
I waited till the end of our visit at this restaurant to write this review. I wanted to give him a chance to take ownership of his mistake but he never did. He showed no concern for me after I told him what happened. I wish I had been able to find a manager to avoid this review and let them know they need to do some more training. Taking ownership is not a bad thing! Accountability is important in the customer service industry. 
Since actively listening, taking ownership or accountability, and caring are either not taught by management or not practiced by staff: be sure to let your waiter know of any food allergy even if you know they item you ordered is a safe item.

I would really love to be able to speak to a manager and change my view of the experience I had here. I'm sure this was just a fluke but this was a serious matter. I hate leaving bad reviews and would love the chance to reevaluate. I just saw no empathy from my waiter and it really scared me seeing that food allergies are no joke.
I will be calling to speak with a manager at my earliest convenience.
Swing dancing on Tuesday nights at the House of Blues is soooo much fun. Tons of awesome dancers who are friendly and  amazing to watch.  The bands change weekly so there are all types of good music to dance to.  Everyone should check it out. Come in your fancy duds and dance shoes! This week was a band from L.A.  The California Feet Warmers.  So much fun.
I'm not changing my review, but in fairness, after reading my post a manager from the restaurant contacted me to apologize for the food and gave me a full refund, which is pretty great. She offered me a free dinner at The House of Blues here in LA. Haven't had a chance to take her up on it, but if I do I'll report back.
I've been to HoB dozens of times, but nothing recently until a concert the other night.

The venue is small enough to make you feel close to all the action, but big enough to where it isn't overly crowded.

It is probably my most favorite place to listen to live music in town truthfully.  Most other places are much much larger, and you don't have the same effect being there.

The security here are actually decent people, not too harsh and stern like they were a few years ago.  Seems like they lessened up a bit.

Prices are usually reasonable too, but that obviously depends on who's playing.
The House of Blues is the worst live music venue in Las Vegas. I don't even know where to start. First I guess is the design. A venue should always have a clear line of sight to the stage. In this place, there are HUGE pillars that surround the main floor, so if you're on the other side, you're screwed. They also EXTREMELY oversell the place. When a concert is sold out, it's packed as tight as can be...yeah, you may think every general admission concert is like that right? Wrong. You have to take stairs down to actually get in the venue, and when it's full, there's people standing up the stairs. When the Joint at the Hard Rock has a sold out show, there's still plenty of room to get reasonably close to the stage, and still have room to breathe. I've never sat in the balcony, so I can't comment on that. But bottom line, if it's not sold out, ok, if it is, just stay home and don't bother. The Joint at the Hard Rock Hotel usually gets much better acts anyways.
I keep trying to like this place. Really. And I do appreciate the gorgeous artwork on the ceiling and in the upper eaves. And the cool light shows that the stage is set up for. But when it comes to acoustics, service, and general comfort, this location fails. 

What should be a small, intimate concert experience always devolves into a sweaty, shoving free-for-all, with some 6'6'' dude standing right in front of me and a 10 minute wait at the bar for a $13 drink. The no re-entry policy kind of makes me feel an animal being herded into a corral during set breaks.

I saw Umphree's McGee here last night, and have seen Moby, Metric, Ghostland Observatory, Karl Denson, and Wilco in the past. The Karl Denson and Wilco shows worked here, because there was very limited attendance, making them quiet, intimate events. 

For a truly intimate venue, I like the E-String. But for a bigger crowd, the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip would be a better choice.
All though my visit didn't turn out great the response from management was so fast and they seemed so concerned and sincere in their apologies that I had to update my review. 
Sometimes employees are caught off guard by a guest challenge and maybe they're unsure of how to proceed or maybe they're afraid of the consequences they may face if they say they've made an honest mistake. But if there is one thing I have learned in my years of working in and training others in customer service it's that taking ownership, apologizing and empathizing really go a long way.

The way management jumped on this and tried to get a hold of me was commendable. 
I will be going back and honestly I think I'll order that salad I got last time! I always play it safe and order a Caesar when going out but the salad they brought me last time...the steak salad(?) was Really Good! I will be updating again after I go back this weekend.

Thank you to LeeAnn G. and Michael Hide for reaching out to me and making me feel welcome to come back.
Had a very good experience had a waiter named Anthony was right on top of things great server.. And great food will be back
This place was TERRIBLE! I had a tough time finding something on the menu. Absolutely nothing sounded delicious and I was tempted to walk out, but we had already ordered our drinks. 

I ended up going with the classic club... for $17, mind you. Imagine my surprise when I receive a sandwich with "fake" turkey (you know the kind where its all wet and sort of on the slimy side,.... not  slightly dry and freshly carved like it should be?) 
....and a thick slice of sweaty cheddar cheese! 

Seriously? I feel completely ripped off and I honestly want to see Aaron Sanchez's food network membership revoked. 

P.S. sprinkling dried pepper flakes on slices of pickle does not make you creative!!!!!!!!
I saw Joe Satriani here and the sound was decent but the venue needs to be updated badly. It's just too beaten up compared to The Joint. They seem to have an identity crisis, hosting a lot of crappy hip hop shows and trying to appeal to the wrong crowds. Steel Panther is a fucking joke yet they have a residency here on a regular basis. There are too many good local bands for this venue to support the garbage it's promoting as "good music" That being said, when a real band is actually booked here, the production values i.e. lights and sound are usually top notch.
I have eaten here several times before, usually for breakfast.  The menu has recently changed, however, I prefer the previous menu.  It was easier to order from.  The service is always good I feel.  They have a nice gift shop.  Eat one breakfast one morning, get 2 for 1 next day with your receipt!
St patty's day here was awesome! Live bands all day long, great food and fun atmosphere!
My experience at the house of blues was less than great to say the least. It was a Saturday night so the hour wait wasn't a problem, what was a problem was that the host wanted either a drivers license or credit card for the table pager. I wasn't comfortable giving either of those items to host at a restaurant for a pager; when I declined both hosts working got rude stating I could wait if I like but if I wasn't there when they called I would lose my table which is understandable. After about 45 minutes we checked in to see if there was an update about our table again the host was rude telling me they had 15 minutes and the exact time that they had to get us a table. When our table was ready they sat us right in front of the live band, which was so loud we couldn't even order or communicate with our server. We asked our server if we could move back slightly which she accommodated with no problem. Our server was amazing and I would enjoy her serving me anytime. 

Now lets talk about the food.... Lets start with the chicken I was served... First I'm not sure it was even chicken because the size of the leg and breast I got were so tiny.... When I cut into it and got passed the skin I'm pretty sure the chicken wasn't cooked... It may have been the poor lighting but the chicken just didn't look right.... My moms chicken wasn't much better than mine, but she was able to eat hers... The server offered to remake my chicken but I was already too turned off to try another attempt at it, so instead I ate a side of mashed potatoes. Everything else that came from the kitchen was ok and just ok.... Nothing stood out as amazing or spectacular...

Oh and if there is a band playing they also charge an entertainment fee... Which is a bit unreasonable since the band made it so you had to scream across the table. 

So if your looking to be treated rudely,pay for overpriced cafeteria food, and not be able to communicate with your group then this is your place....
After being on the strip for the day, I wanted something comfortable and laid back for my last nights stay at the Mandalay Bay. I wanted a few drinks and to listen to some live music. The hostess just glared at us going in. She made no attempt to make eye contact. She was more concerned with texting on her cell phone. The restaurant wasn't that busy but looked fun as it was a full band with karaoke.  I asked for a table for a party of two and she just pointed and said seat yourself anywhere. We sat for about 30 minutes as waiters kept walking by. We yelled trying to get their attention. Finally, after yelling and clapping my hands at the waiter at another table who had walked past me 4 times in the 30 minutes he said he would take our order. He made sure we knew he was working past his scheduled time. I even commented that I would sit another table so I could get someone to wait on me. I watched this poor waiter serve half the restaurant while the rest of the wait staff had their own small areas that they seem to service well. After watching this for about 30 minutes, watching the manager not take care of his employees and redeploy them to take back the floor, I approached him and told him what was going on. It was obvious that he wasn't going to jump in and take his front end back.  He set a very bad example chatting on his cell phone several times while on the floor. Anyway, after two drinks I had enough. I was really disappointed and will probably never return. Hopefully the general manager will look at the development of his team and provide some coaching to his wait staff and host at the door. There is no excuse for this type of service at a 5 star hotel.
I've been to the House of Blues for a few concerts now, and there are plenty of other venues that offer a better sound quality, especially in Las Vegas. 
If you have the opportunity to see a band at another venue, I highly recommend it. The sound quality is awful, so there will be a very low chance you'll understand anything coming out of the singers mouth. It ends up being just a muffle that fades into the rest of the band.
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I saw Rob Zombie here years ago as well. It is one of the best music venue that I have been to over the years. The staff were really nice, the sight views and layout was cool. It was an intimate venue without feeling like a steam room.
Delicious eats for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Great drinks, excellent service.  I enjoyed the live music as well.  This was my favorite place to eat in the entire Mandalay Bay Resort.
Went to the Yelp star wars event. I have to say Misti and Molly rock! These ladies always put together fun events. I hope one day to become an Elite so I can see what the privileged few get to attend but I have to say the regular events are way fun!
I came here to see Santana but my view is obstructed. Payed good money to see two people's silhouettes, who I believe were in handicapped-reserved seats.
Also the seats are tight, no elbow room whatsoever. Totally disappointed.
Came here for a bite to eat after we found that RM Seafood was closed due to an event . We sat in the bar area and ordered several appetizers and a few beers which were very good. The waiter was great and really took care of business with us and all the tables around us. Good job. 
Good Food and ambiance.
The next day the breakfast was not nearly as good but I may try again if given the chance.
Girls loved the fish tacos and club.  I had the po boy and it was super greasy and tasted more like oil than shrimp.  Really disappointed in the service as well, waitress came by once to get our order.  I've always loved the food and service here so I will be back.  Just disappointed w this visit!
This place is amazing..the atmosphere is great, people are fun! My only complaint is they close WAY TOO EARLY! Come on..this is Vegas. I hope they expand their hours. 3AM is good.... Thank goodness Ri Ra was open super late to accomodate us. :)

However, they have the best bread pudding I've ever had..
You know you're in Vegas when you shell out $25 for a hamburger and coke. 

I tried this place a couple of times as we were staying in the Mandalay Bay and there are limited options. Food was OK, nothing really write home about. Service was good, no complaints. Pricing is pretty high, but then again, you are in a Las Vegas casino..

Not bad but far from great.
On June 12, 2013,

We totally enjoyed our dinner spent for our last evening in Las Vegas.  The food there was exceptional and tasty.  Our waiter, Anthony Collata provided exceptional. He was terrific in checking with us throughout the meal.  Anthony was personable and knowledgeable in informing us in what was recommend.  He made our last dinner there very special and memorable.  If we return to this restaurant, we would definitely request for him to serve us.  

The catfish there was the best we have ever tried.  

Henry and Jenny
From Hawaii
I came to the House of Blues for the first time to watch AFI/Saosin many years ago. However, since Yelp didn't exist or was big then. Also, I never had experiences in other venues, so I couldn't really judge.

One thing I like about this place that the atmosphere isn't cramped or disgusting looking. Maybe it was also because being emo and scene wasn't that big during my high school years, but the venue wasn't full of high school teens who think the world revolves around them. I also like that there's a big enough back area to chill in unlike some smaller venues where you're just packed in one floor.

All in all, I think House of Blues is one of the better venues out there.
It's good place for breakfast or brunch after a late night out or even after a hangover. I like their coffee and their waffles are great with strawberries! So were their french toast. Will come back if we decide to stay at M/B again.
The restaurant portion is meh. Can't say I'm fan of much of anything there. Meh drinks and beer list. Meh food. Meh service. Meh ambiance. 

What does redeem the restaurant area is the Rockstar Karaoke (currently on Friday nights at 10:00pm). Live band karaoke is the best. The host is so-so, but it moves along quickly and lots of folks get a chance to sing. And the band is pretty good.

So in sum, skip the food, but come for some karaoke.
The food was good. The BBQ pizza appetizer was great, as was the macaroni and cheese. The citrus chicken was good, nothing special. The service was very, very slow.
I ordered the traditional eggs Benedict.  The Canadian bacon was rubbery.  The English muffin was difficult to cut through. The eggs were almost cooked all the way through, providing very little yolk.  The hollandaise sauce was not hollandaise sauce.  The hash-browns were soggy, watery and bland.  The dish reminded me of sub par cafeteria food.  On a lighter note I did enjoy the cheddar biscuits.  The service was outstanding.  For $25 you are probably better off going to the buffet or the cafe.
This review is only for the restaurant itself and not the music venue. 

I've been to this restaurant twice now for our usual holiday meeting. We take up the bigger conference room in the back of the restaurant since there are quite a few of us. And both times, my coworkers and I have had an amazing experience. 

Their service is on point here. Our waiters have been super patient with serving a big group like ours. Some of my coworkers are a bit demanding, but the staff was always there to get whatever they asked for. The food always came out within a reasonable time. The portions of food are ridiculous, a bit pricey, but worth it. 

The food here is good. I don't remember what I ordered the first time we were here, but this time I ordered the meatball sliders. The meatball was rich in flavor and the marinara sauce wasn't too tart. The bread still had some crunch from toasting it, which I like. I also ordered the House of Blues salad which I thought was just blah. The lettuce was a little wilted and could have used more dressing. I know my coworkers enjoyed their food since everyone was raving about how good everything was. I did eat a few sweet potato fries from someone's plate. It could have been cooked a little, as they were soft when I but into them. 

I enjoyed coming here for our meeting. It definitely beats having our meetings in one of our stock rooms. We will definitely be back for our next one.
Yikes. Stale cold bread. Tough shrimp over cooked. Cold soggy fries. The manager comped the meal, but still....music is good though.
Love the atmosphere! Food was great but a little slow.  A little pricey, but what isn't on the strip?  Would definitely go again.
This review is for the restaurant only.  Easily the worst dining experience I've had in Vegas.  Came for lunch with four other friends.  Waited 30 minutes (yes we should have left), kept being told our table was being set up and then waited longer.  And they asked for a drivers license for some reason? (yes we should have left!)  Our waiter seemed frazzled and rushed the whole time, and it didn't really seem that busy.  We waited over 10 minuted for our drinks (four waters and a Diet Coke).  My cobb salad was actually good sized and tasty but the rest of my party wasn't so lucky.  The street tacos are a joke, a tiny tortilla with one piece of bland chicken.  The mac and cheese was actually tasty, but the sandwiches my friends' got were all meh.  Oh, and the water was gross for some reason?  We had to get lemons to be able to drink it.  The waiter was maybe the worst I've had; never checked on us, no refills and was even openly annoyed when I gave him a hundred dollar bill for my twenty-something dollar check.  Come for a show, but go ANYWHERE else for lunch.
Some observations based on a recent Steel Panther Show, which my buddy and I see every year during our annual summer Vegas trip:

At most venues, doors open about an hour before the scheduled start of the show.  I don't know about other acts, but they always do doors for Panther only 30 minutes before the scheduled start of the show, so doors aren't until 11:00 p.m., for Panther.  There is no reason to get there before 11:00 and no reason to line up.  We usually chill and get drinks at the casino bar across from the HOB and stroll right in when the line is gone.  Panther tends to go on a little late anyway. 

Panther's set was an the short side (about an hour) this time.  I'm not sure what's up with that.
Food is ok.  Service is very slow.  There were probably a total of 10 people in the restaurant and it was a very long wait for food.  The first time I came here I ordered the all twisted up skillet which is just a bunch of veggies mixed in with eggs and topped with cheese.  It was very good and flavorful--the first time.  The second time I was like meh.  It was just totally bland but edible the second time.  Husband got the biscuits and gravy the first time and some sort of chorizo and egg dish the second time with a pancake.  The pancake was as large as the plate but arrived at least 10-15 mins before the main dish came out.  Really?  Anyways...if you are looking for a quick breakfast look elsewhere.  That's my opinion.
This is a typical quick breakfast joint for a drunk gambler who wants to get back to his main goal: gambling...
The food was not very good at all and not filling either. I had two eggs, awful bacon, and toast. My sister has a 10" wide pancake that wasn't very good. My grandmother had 4 small waffles with butter and syrup.
Not going there again...
Box office was awesome! I had a problem and they took the time to solve it so thank you for that! Saw The Cult and they killed it!
Be sure to ask how big the portions are! My wife and I could have split one order and still left food on the plate. Great value for breakfast.
Terrible service. It took 25 minutes to get our drinks.  We told the staff that we were seeing the Cirque show in an hour. At the hotel. He said no worries. We had the bacon wrapped poppers.  Ick. Cheese burger and salad. The food came out 5 minutes before we had to leave.  It had been sitting on a warmer. Kinda pricey, food is ok, but the service is atrocious. Better choices in town.
We have been to concerts here AND had dinner, but I hear lunch and breakfast are the better deals. Let's call this a strong  3 1/2 that could go up or down for both the venue or the restaurant on any one day, too many unforced errors in our experience.
We LOVE Aarrron Sanchez, and his influence is obvious in the surprisingly good food possible here.

There is a lot of restaurant turnover here, like a lot of food joints. We were surprised at how good most of our food was but had to send back a ridiculous steak salad that didn't have any steak on it, should never have been served. Portions are large and we had a very good flat bread pizza. Probably more of a beer crowd but they had a decent J Lohr Cab bottle under $40. Servers mean really well but I'm not sure the person training our server's tats were really any better than the trainee's tats. But they fixed it no problem, just be prepared; this is erratic and good, but watch out. A lot of mistakes were made including our bill and they weren't busy at 10pm on a Monday night.

For a concert, expect a lot of security, NO water bottles, by large people that don't look as smart as airport personnel and that was our experience when we got relocated because the band, Gotye, had setup their lighting exactly in our seats.  Some huge guys in bad suits sat us in some poorer seats and we moved later on our own to better seats. The general admin seating is wild downstairs and probably not for anybody over 40 who can afford a table or a seat upstairs. 

Excellent sound and viewing in general, small venue. Can be pricey. 
We have not done the Gospel brunch but have wanted to do it in Chicago for a long time, we hear it is great.
A-OK, but expect anything and you won't be surprised.
Ate there today.  Horrible experience! Service was totally absent. I gave a waiter the empty coffee carafe and he never came back.  The only thing I found good to eat was the cold shrimp and the omelet.  Most of the promised menu was absent.  No  sliders or shrimp & grits.  No chicken wings.  The meat they called prime rib was over cooked, dry and tasteless.  The entertainment was a movie for the first hour and the a few women singing - I expected a choir.
Had dinner at house of blues.

Service was decent and pretty quick.

Food looked good but was very bland.
Recommend you carry salt, pepper, and what eve spice you like on your pocket.

But to be fair, I'm from Louisiana and most food outside my state is bland, no flavor.

Of course it's very loud, but not bad overall.
Great venue - great staff - great acts - watch their concert listings - got see Deep Purple, Tesla, Shinedown, Slash and of course Steel Panther.
Great food and fantastic musicWent in for breakfast enjoyed the meal so much that we returned for dinner and to our surprise we got to listen to a great guitarist while enjoying our dinner of fried chicken.
Saw Santana here. Remarkable venue - small, intimate with great sound. 

I suspect you can see well from any seat in the place. 

Santana rocked like a 20 year old and was backed by a superb cadre of others. 

The food was okay, but no more. Service was very good.  Had a VIP package which included, much to our surprise, top shelf bottles of wine. 

It was a great experience.
The food here is fantastic!  We stopped after the Michael Jackson One show and had the jalapeno corn bread, a chicken quesadilla and the lobster mac&cheese.  All these dishes were fantastic!  We were pleasantly surprised.  Highly recommend!
AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!
$12 for a Fireball Shot? Where are the Strippers?
This place has gone downhill since it opened and is a joke amongst Vegas Locals.
Drinks are 25% more than even the most expensive Strip Clubs. It would be different if the shows were free. 
Security Wanding & Pat Down before entering? Really TSA?

Avoid this place at all costs!
This review is for the gigs that get hosted here, not for the restaurant itself.

Seems like nearly every metal band I see goes to play here if they're not any of the big wigs from the 80s era thrash/hair/new wave-of-heavy-metal or whatever. All the big boys play at the arenas, but sometimes they'll step down and give concerts with an intimate experience. Although that seems to be a rare thing nowadays, and if they do that, they're most likely playing at The Joint over at the Hard Rock Hotel.

There's really not a lot of options when it comes to booking venues here in Vegas, so we're mainly stuck with the HOB most of the time when it comes to alternative music acts that are more well-known outside the US.

I've been to nearly all the venues here in Vegas, both big and small, yet end up at the HOB most of the time.

I would say that this place is just like any other HOB in existence. You've got your bar area, the concert pit, the upper section and of course, the stage. A good thing about this place is that unlike the other small venues out there such as The Vinyl or The Railhead, the stage is raised which offers everyone a decent view of their idols. That way, you don't have to strain your neck whenever some 6-foot giant is headbanging in front of you.

HOB security here is more lax about moshing compared to other places, although I'm not sure if they will accept crowd-surfing and stage-diving...

As for sneaking in cameras, I have never been caught recording on my cell phone. But this was years ago, and perhaps times have changed. I'm not sure if they'll accept digital cameras, so your safest bet is to compromise by having a smart phone in hand. Most concert venues I've been to don't really care about people recording on their iPhones, Samsung Galaxies, etc. So if you have a smart phone that can record well, then by all means bring it.

The acoustics for this place are really good and perhaps some of the best I've ever heard. However, it can get a bit loud since the place is small and you're up close--although sometimes I feel like the tech theatre folks purposefully crank the decibel up to eleven at this place compared to other venues (pop concerts are not exempt from this, and I could've sworn that my ears hurt more when I came here to see an Utada/J-pop concert than all the times I came here for my metal bands). At other places such as The Joint, the decibel wasn't all that bad even up close. If you don't want to lose your hearing, then buy some quality noise-reduction ear plugs--you know, the ones that musicians wear or those airmen folks at the nearby Nellis AFB hand out for free during their air shows (although I suggest that you do this for every venue regardless).

Besides the sound, the ticket prices at this place seem to rise every year ever since HOB switched ticketing agents. They no longer handle their own ticketing and have sold their souls to the evil that is Ticketmaster. Ticket prices to see a band used to be as low as $23...then it went up to $27...then $35...I'd be surprised if they end up in the $40s in the near future, and I hope not. If you wanna buy tickets to see a concert here, buy them at the box office if possible. Buying them online would just cost you more since Ticketmaster loves to charge that ridiculous 'service fee' or whatever they call it, adding an extra $10 or $12 to your ticket price. If you buy at the box office, you don't have to pay for that at all, although they still charge you 4-5 bucks for 'facility fees'. Still though, that's better than paying an extra ten or dozen for your ticket.

Overall, if you're a local concert-goer, you might find yourself ending up at this place more than others since bands somehow manage to book this place a lot. The scenery can get tiring after that, although those doesn't derail the quality of the venue itself. HOB folks are nice and security shouldn't give you too much trouble. This place is as good as it gets for a 'local concert hotspot'.
two of us ordered the swordfish for $23.99, and one had the pulled pork sandwich... Its obvious  the cooks do not know what they are doing. the fish was dry, dry, dry as was the pulled pork.. saving grace was the mashed potatoes,, Our waiter was... less than attentive.we were there for the concert and it took over 15 minutes before he came to our table.. then he proceeded to touch me like i was his special friend... sir, it is inappropriate for you to be touching a guest, especially a woman, do not place your hand on my back and touch my shoulder,,,, very creepy. never once did he ask how our meal was.. he was to busy chatting up the other table about doing shots... I had to ask 3 times for our check,, hence, the 15% tip
Came Friday night and had a great time at Michael franti concert. The venue, employees and atmosphere were great! Came back Saturday morning for breakfast and was very disappointed. Food service was slow and order eventually came incorrect. Food itself was one star, Denny's quality food...blech!
Summary- come for music atmosphere and drinks but don't eat the food.
I loved the intimate venue however the food was not very good. I had pancakes which how can you mess up and my husband had eggs benedict which were horrible. Go only for the entertainment.
My Wife and I had lunch here for the first time in September.  The service was friendly and prompt.  I've also been to the HOB in Orlando but, never ate there.

The food was amazing.  I got the Juicy Lucy.  One of the famous Chefs own recipes.  It was the best burger I've ever had.  Simply awesome.  I've told everyone about it.  It's a MUST try.  My Wife really enjoyed her chicken sandwich.

I love the ambiance, and wall art.  Top notch.  When I go back, I will be having a Juicy Lucy and checking out Santana if he's still playing there.
First off I should really review this place as a concert venue first. Loved the show I went too and the sound was incredible. The bar service was good and speedy. But it is definitely a Vegas place. I really don't like to spend $14 dollars on a PBR tall boy? But that is what I had to do. In the end I would definitely come back here. But plan on not drinking while there.
Must they over salt everything?
House of Blues is a really great mid-sized venue. I've seen around a dozen shows here and have always had an enjoyable experience. Ticket prices are usually reasonable and if you're a designate driver, non-alcoholic drinks are free (at least the AFI show!) I've normally purchased alcoholic beverages (which are priced as one would expect for a chain venue) when visiting House of Blues, so I'm not sure I got an awesome bartender or if this is their normal generous policy.

I would have given HoB a five, but I just don't get bathroom attendants. I've been dispensing my own paper towels for myself since I was a kid. I just don't need a dude to try to be helpful by placing the paper towels he's offering to dry my clean hands on a wet, dirty countertop with his potentially dirty hands. And if I need cologne, I'll use mine at home. I typically attend metal and punk shows at HoB so a bathroom attendant is a little more "class" than I imagine the attendees at these shows expect. I know, I know - it's Vegas and this is fairly standard practice. I still feel it's obnoxious and superfluous. 

Bathroom attendants aside, you should feel you're making a good choice if you choose to check out a show at Las Vegas' House of Blues!
I emailed the Manager Director the next day as LeAnn requested, and he ( Michael Heid) responded and said he would call me the next afternoon.

 Have never heard anything more from them.

 Apparently, fixing this restaurant and having satisfied customers is not on their list of priorities.. Wish I had read the yelp reviews before we spent the money on the bland, over cooked, overpriced food.

 I did notice that most of the positive and very lengthy in-depth reviews are from locals??? hmmm.  I compared them to the other reviews.. Even the out of town 4/5 star reviews are not as indepth and lengthy...Makes me wonder if these locals have been asked to, or if they have been given incentives to leave this high feedback...
The menu is very pricy, and since Aaron Sanchez created the new menu, many of my favorites have been removed. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, and I am pleased to say it was really good. The pork is extremely tender. My main complaints are with my server. I asked for a kids water, and he asked me if I wanted the cup that lit up. I said yes, but had no idea, I was going to be charged $5 for that cup. Also, he took a really long time to bring the check, and an even longer time to bring me the change. With a great server, I would have given a higher rating.
Gabriella was incredible and informative.  My drink never went empty!  She brought me cucumbers for my hendricks and tonic which i love.  We came in for a light lunch and she recommended the juicy Lucy because she said it was a must and it was featured on the food network.  Oh my Cheese!  Although not light It is a must because I must be in heaven!
This is just for the food. I wish I could have seen a band here, but was in town for business and just didn't have time. I flew in from KC late Monday night (for my time zone) and missed dinner with my coworkers, so I decided to head out on my own. I was staying at Mandalay Bay, so I didn't have far to go to House of Blues. It's right in that complex.

I asked to sit at the bar. That's usually what I do if i am eating alone. You get seated right away, your server is never far away and the service is usually superb. I was not disappointed.

I asked the bartender for a light, savory gin drink. I can't remember what he called it, but it hit the spot. Then I asked what was good on the menu. Initially he said, "Everything". I said BS to that. Then he asked what I wanted - I said something light, it's late for me. So, he recommended the shrimp tacos.

The food came out pretty quickly. The shrimp tacos were really good. Lots of shrimp, nicely seasoned with a little kick. I asked for hot sauce, but all they had was Tabasco. That surprised me. Didn't this chain start in New Orleans? However, they had some sauce that really highlighted the flavor, so kudos.

I was out in less than an hour. Nice dinner. I'd go back - next time for a concert, hopefully.
We loved the place, the food and the service.  Great ambiance.  We Will recommend and we will come back!
I saw Coheed and Cambria here.  This place lost a star for a miscommunication about their front of the line pass.  They have a $20 pass you can buy to enter the music venue first.  You buy one per person and you go. This pass is good for the store or the back bar.  This seemed like a great idea to my mom and I, as we were planning on drinking first anyway.  We went to the bar and got each of our $20 worth of drinks... and then they say that you can only use one $20 front of line credit per party.  So... what is the point of getting them?  Our bartender went to the ticket booth to make sure that we even needed to buy two of them... turns out we did need to buy one each, but we can't use them?  It all worked out in the end but ugh it was a fiasco.  Absolute fiasco.

The reason that I still gave them the 4 stars is because we did have an amazing bartender, and the venue wasn't overcrowded.  I go to shows and concerts in Los Angeles.  I've seen Coheed and Cambria many times in LA and lets face it, I'm not a spring chicken.  So its getting harder and harder to enjoy the music with all the violence.  In Vegas it wasn't overcrowded and security was on it.  The music was amazing, the show was long, and it was air conditioned!  As for our bartender, after the show we went back for more drinks.  She asked what I wanted and I told her I wanted something fruity but refreshing.  She asked one more question, and that was "do you like ginger?" I say yes, and she makes me the most delicious peach/ginger drink i've ever had.  AND she wrote down the recipe so I can have it made again in the future.  Overall, we left happy.
Santana at HOB.  ABSOLUTELY THE BEST.  I would recommend the floor "seats" they are much more fun that the theater level.  Didn't eat the food, but had cocktails in the souvenir glasses.  Expensive, but they don't short you on the alcohol - probably at least a double shot.  If you are even a casual Santana fan, this is a MUST SEE.
Our server, Lamont, was awesome!  He always knew when we needed water or something, but did not hover.

The food was incredible.   I had the meatloaf, my husband had jambalaya.  We shared the chocolate mousse.  

Rockstar Karaoke was the entertainment.  The live band that supports the singers is very talented.   If you go,  ask to be seated where you can see the stage.  We were in a corner where the tables themselves are very nice, but you can't see the entertainment.  Due to the sound system, you can hear very well, though.

We had been to the Santana show before dinner and that is unbelievable.  I have been twice this year and the shows were different so going more than once doesn't get boring at all.  

Santana show plus dinner at the restaurant equals a wonderful evening!!
I was excited to try H.O.B. while on vacation, but my breakfast never came so I left and not to mention I waited 15 mins to sit (party of 1) and an hour plus before the waiter walked by and said "oh gosh idk what's going on" Booooo!!
Great food if you can survive the wait to receive it after you order. Over 50 minutes from the time of ordering to the time of receiving our food.
Server was engaging and friendly but overall, we won't be back. It was somewhat busy when we arrived around 10:30 on a Saturday morning. 35 minutes to be seated. Ordered beverages and food within 10 minutes. 
Almost an hour later, literally 50 minutes, we finally received our pancakes, watery eggs, overlooked bacon and undercooked hashbrowns. Not worth the price and definitely NOT worth the wait.
I can't believe I've been to Vegas so many times and never hit the Gospel brunch.  This is such a fun way to kick off a Sunday in Sin City. The singers know their gospel and they get everyone in the venue on their feet, clapping and singing.  The brunch was the best we've had In Vegas and at $50 head it's a steal considering the show is basically a freebie.  Bloody Mary bar?  Check. Chicken and waffles?  Check.  Best Mac n cheese in the world? Check.  You gotta check this out
Went to Kirk Franklin Presents Gospel Brunch and guess what, there was no Kirk Franklin.  We should have guessed it, but were disappointed nonetheless. In spite of... the show was wonderful, upbeat and uplifting.  The food was good and the banana bread pudding was phenomenal!
Breakfast here was decent - too much onion in the gravy over biscuits, and a pancake that was a bit mealy inside. Service was admirable and the place is iconic. I would venture here again for lunch or dinner because I love their cornbread, but breakfast may find me somewhere else...
Never ever ever have breakfast here. I was a party of one and had to wait 20 min to be seated. I walked in and half the tables were empty. Epic fail.
Staff was great. They went above and beyond. Originally booked the foundation room for my wedding reception but upon review of my needs and guestlist the wedding coordinator closed the House of Blues restaurant for us to meet our needs. Food was great. Setting was awesome. Loved everything about this venue!
I am biased; I witnessed one of the funniest scenes of my life here.

HOB was pleasantly surprising. I would never have thought they'd have such attentive servers and really delicious food. My dad's friends made the reservation, so I didn't have a say in any of the matter.
The atmosphere is a bit chain-y, but it's pretty, and the bathroom is really big!
Anyway, everybody liked their entree, and our server was so nice, dealing with our rowdy group. The band was a 90s rock group specializing in girl power songs like No Doubt and Alanis, and I loved it. The sound is great, too.
After too many drinks, some poor girl decided to dance-attack my dad on the dance floor. She seemed lost from her friends. She wasn't wearing underwear....and I can't quite explain the scene when she tried doing back bends in her mini skirt, on my DAD. My mom watched in pure shock as the whole group completely lost it. Not sure if I've ever laughed that hard in my life. What happens in Vegas, goes on Yelp.
The staff handled it very well. They were nice to the girl, but needless to say, she had to go auf wiedersehen. They escorted her out and we got a story to tell for years.
I've gone to House of Blues twice - both times because it was a Sunday in the winter and my family and I were in Vegas, and my brothers (huge niner fans) wanted to go to a restaurant where we can watch the game. 

House of blues has huge tv screens that play football games on Sundays. 

Onwards to the food. Their food is Cajun styled and really tasty. Apparently there's a new chef at this location and he created a new menu 6 months ago. 

MUST: get the voodoo shrimp. Omgosh. Jumbo shrimp on fried styled cornbread, soo good. 

Another must: get the cornbread. It comes with maple butter. Believe me it's yummy! 

Was too full for dessert this time but I remember it being good. Prices are also reasonable too!
We stopped in here for a quick bite one evening. The food was ok. The prices seem a bit high, but that is to be expected for Vegas I guess. But the highlight of our visit was our server! Our waiter was Kurt and he was so friendly and helpful. Ask to be seated in his section and you will have a great experience.
Went to the House of Blues Kirk Franklin Sunday Brunch in celebration of my God-Sister Birthday.
**Great Seating, Great Food and of course the Performers(singers) were awesome and a Blessing. We got so involved with participating in singing along and praising God. But only a little disappointed 1. We actually thought Kirk Franklin was going o be there to perform(he was only there video wise) 2. The Food was Great but after the performance it was time to leave, we were like "What" that's it!!!Performance is over & Brunch too, WOW!!! but We stood up, sang, & Praise we didn't really eat our food just nibble here and there.
Suggestion: A. It should state on your ticket that Kirk Franklin will not be there personally just by pre-recorded Video. B. If Brunch starts @ 10:00 they should give people to enjoy the brunch till 11:00 from 11:00-12:30 performance, 12:30 continue your Brunch till 1:00= change the time frame of the Brunch,. so those that are thinking about going please be on time to enjoyed your Brunch, Unlike us we were enjoying the Praising and singing . It was all Good we left there not full of good food but Full of the Spirit God is Good....
When I visit Las Vegas I will re-visit the House of Blues Sunday Brunch :-)
This review is mostly for the restaurant.  We came here for dinner because we scored free tix to a Brazilian Party at the concert venue, and we had a $25 restaurant.com certificate for the restaurant.

I'd love to be able to give the restaurant 3 1/2 stars, but the service and management was so exceptional that I'm bumping it up to 4.  

We were two couples, and it turned out that we all decided to order the same thing, the Turkey Burger.  One of our friends is allergic to tomatoes, and told the waitress that they absolutely had to be left off.  We waited quite a while for our food to be delivered, and even though we'd gotten to the restaurant with time to spare before the concert, we were getting nervous.  When the food was delivered, you guessed it, the tomatoes were sitting on his burger, and it needed to be sent back.  The waitress was completely apologetic and stated that she absolutely told that to the kitchen.  We believed her, and it didn't take too much time for his food to come back, this time prepared correctly.

We all agreed that it was the best turkey burger any of us had ever eaten; no gamy taste whatsoever, and it had stuff mixed into the meat.  It was a little bit spicy - a good thing!  It kicked up the blandness of the usual turkey burger, without the kitchen having to oversalt it to give it some taste.  The fries that came with it were crisp and delicious, and there was a little dish of sweet and spicy pickles, something I'd never tasted before, and really loved.

What happened next was totally unexpected:  the manager came over, unbidden, and apologized for the mix-up.  He invited us to come back after the performance and enjoy dessert on the house.  And then the charge for the Mistake Burger was removed from the bill!  And that's in addition to the discount from the certificate we had.

The performance was a whole 'nother matter.  After being searched and branded, er, banded, we went upstairs where we were ushered to comfortable seats.  No standing room for us, with our free tickets!  A DJ on the stage was playing some Trance-type music.  I normally like this stuff, but I was waiting for "Brazilian" to start.  8:30, 9:00, 9:30, nothing except that DJ and a lot of heavy bass.  Nobody downstairs seemed to be moving to it, and I, who normally can't sit still when rhythm is happening, was getting completely bored.  The girl next to me said the show was going to start at 10, even though our tickets said 8:30.  When 10 pm came and went, and nothing changed on the stage, we all decided that dessert would be much more interesting.

We returned to the restaurant, where our same waitress cheerfully served us delicious Key Lime pie, coffee and tea, and no bill save for the tip we left her, and we left sated and happy.
We went to the Sunday Gospel Brunch and it was a lot of fun. The show is very good and the music was fantastic. The singers were top notch and put on an enjoyable show. The food was flavorful and good but not hot enough. The jambalaya and mac and cheese were the best. I do like that they had buffalo sauce for the chicken and waffles which was very tasty. Service was eh. We asked for a coke that we never received and they would bring by small water pitchers that filled 2 glasses and then come back with another 20 minutes later so water was not always refilled. I also thought $10 for a bloody mary with the price of the ticket was a little much. Tables are also very close. Take one table out and then it would have been fantastic. I know they loose money that way but it would have been a lot more comfortable. 

Fun event for a Sunday morning. Worth seeing once and for the price, you get a meal and a show so price is good. Just needs a little work with keeping the food hotter and a few more servers.
I love the atmosphere and music that was playing. I love the steak and maui tacos, don't forget to put some siracha on it. DELICIOUS!!!
I can't sing enough praises for Denise and the staff at the HOB Company Store! I called from Austin, TX, looking for certain paintings by "Glitter Girl" that are difficult to find. The two young women who helped me went out of their way by sending pics of the paintings that were available and answering all my questions. I was able to purchase two large paintings over the phone and have them shipped to Texas. Honestly, it was an exceptional experience, and so nice to know people care about a customer's satisfaction. Will definitely stop by the HOB next time I am in Las Vegas! Kudos again and again to Denise and her fellow HOB members!!! I am happy, Deborah Grimsley
This review is for the Foundation room bar. Views are to die for - best on the strip. Go on a Monday night when it's free. Expect to pay $10 a drink minimum. Two out of 10 of us threw up immediately after drinking rum & cokes. No other explanation other than we were roofied. Buyer beware
Have you ever had that moment when you were so excited to go somewhere and you have heard nothing but excellent things about it and then you get to experience it for yourself and you want to go back and backhand everyone that told you such amazing things about it? If so, welcome to the world of House of Blues. 

Santana was back at the house of Blues and I have wanted to see him forever so as a Christmas gift I received 2 VIP ticket packages somewhere around $250 a piece tickets that had been advertised to include, Early access to the music hall with advanced seating, a bottle of champagne or wine, chocolate covered strawberries, and a few other things outside of the venue that dont matter here. 

With doors opening at 7:30 we figured we would go to the venue around 7:15 and with the VIP badge we would walk right in. That was in fact the complete opposite. The General admission line to the left of us was simply pooring right into the music hall while we waited in a rope made coral. The hostess told us that they are short handed tonight so there will be a little wait to be seated.. I Can understand a place being short handed so guess that is no big deal right? If this was a 5 minute wait that would be no big deal but we then stood outside while all the others people walked right in for over 15 minutes, Once the lady opened up the rope she got on the radio and let them know table 26 was coming down and she let us know the usher would meet us at the bottom of the stairs and escort us to our table. At the bottom of the stairs we were greeted by a woman that said... Oh you are VIP? go ahead and wait right here and points into the middle of a group of people so we then waited there getting in and out of peoples way for the next 10 minutes. Until an usher finally came to get us to take us to the table. 

Once we got to our table or maybe we should call it our position in the sardine box we waited forerver for the server to come take our order. We ordered the bottle of wine which she did end up bringing to the table pretty quick but said, " I need to go drop off this other bottle and then Ill be right back to open it up for you" 25 minutes later she returned to ask how we are doing and that is when I think she realized I was not happy and discovered we had just sat there with an unopened bottle of wine.

The show itself was amazing and Santana is a musical Monster but this establishment is not as Intimate as people say it is, unless you are talking about the fact that you sit so close to the guy next to you that you can smell his breath. My one recomendation would be not to pay for the crazy priced VIP packages, instead, choose to site in the balcony seating, it was comfy movie theater like seats and the view would have been amazing. I may give this place another try for a general admission rock concert or something but definitely not for a seated show like this one.
The service was slow and I was shocked that they didn't serve any fish. The fish of the day was shirmp and spinich. Now how can they claim to be cajun and not serve any fried fish or have any crystals hot sauce?
sorry I was disappointed. First of all  Kirk Franklin is not there in person. It was 6 singers on stage singing his songs. I did enjoy the singing. I think $50.00 was too pricy. The buffet was more of a catered event, not what you see in most Las Vegas buffets. The alcoholic drinks start at $6.00. We had dishes stacked on our table at least 15 min. No I will not go again.
My review is for the restaurant only.  Seeing all the fancy high priced restaurant in the Mandalay Bay, the House of Blues is a nice option.  Having said that, I've only been once.  The service was slow and the food was just ok.  I was hoping for more but with newer restaurants popping up in the casino or the shopping mall, I really don't find myself coming back here.
Went here on a Friday night with a group of 5. We were seated very quickly, however I could tell by the faces of the other guests they were not pleased with the service. Many of them looked as if they were waiting quite a while. The table next to us actually waived their bill in the air to be picked up by the waiter. 

Once seated I decided to head to the bar for a drink based on the looks around us I wanted to get my drink quickly. The waiter was at the table when I came back and looked flustered that I ordered from the bar rather than him. We quickly ordered our food, we ordered the following. 

Heat Seeker Burger- my friend said this was a pretty good burger. No complaints. Came with sweet potato fries and I tried those, pretty yummy! 

Chicken sandwich- my other friend has this, yet another with no complaint. Came with sweet potato fries as well. 

Buffalo Chicken sandwich- I had a few bites...the chicken was cold. I found this strange. Nothing to rave about just a regular salad with buffalo chicken on top. 

Chicken tacos- pretty flavorful, small but I think they were street tacos so not bad. 

Everything was just ok. Little bit of a wait to order and get drinks and the cold buffalo chicken was a bust. Definitely would go somewhere else when you're in Vegas.
My friends and I came here for dinner while in Vegas, and actually had a decent time. I'm generally hesitant when headed to a corporate chain restaurant, in fear of an over-priced and mediocre meal.

I guess Aaron Sanchez is the chef here? Honestly, the food was pretty decent. Our meals ranged from mac n' cheese, to the chicken sandwich, ribs, and jumbalaya. All was thoroughly enjoyed and savored. 

They didn't have live music playing when we were there, but they did have music playing in the background. The vibe is pretty modern, upbeat, and fun. 

Not bad! I was pretty impressed.
I ate here twice while I was staying at Mandalay Bay.  In the evening I had a Juicy Lucy, I found two hairs on my plate.  The fries were soggy.  The food was bland.  Despite my bad experience I came here again the next morning and got an Eggs Florentine because we had free gift cards to eat here.  The English Muffins were stale and our waiter forgot to bring us silverware.  We also ordered two drinks that our waiter forgot to bring us even though they showed up on the bill.  If you are staying at Mandalay Bay, I recommend eating someplace else.
Why on EARTH would Chef Aaron Sanchez put his name on any of the food at this restaurant?! Horrible! Tasteless! Don't waste your time on dinner. Perhaps as a music venue it is OK, but the food was disgusting. I ordered an appetizer of chicken wings. Sure the crunch was spot on but it was under salted and spiced. The chicken itself tasted like worn out shoe leather. I followed this by one of Chef Sanchez's signature dishes - a half rack of ribs. One bite into it and I was sorely disappointed. The ribs must have been steamed or boiled. It too was flavorless. To cover this up, it was slathered with a sauce that tasted like ketchup with hints of cayenne. This is not at all what I expected from an Adobo sauce. It was just straight up YUCK! I had it all packaged up to take back to my hotel and was SO angry I tossed it in the garbage as I walked back to my room. Shame on you Aaron Sanchez. Either take your good name off such horse-menure food or fire your executive chef and get someone who knows how to make it the way you intended it.
Sat for 20 minutes before anyone came over.  Wife asked for a salad with no Bleu cheese.  Of course, covered in the stuff when it came.  We were in a group, and didn't want to delay everyone, so cancelled the order.  The waiter apologized and offered a free dessert to which we agreed.  25 minutes later, no dessert, no waiter.  He finally comes and we tell him if the dessert hasn't been submitted yet, we will pass on it as well.  He said, ok, sorry, indicating he had never put in the comp dessert.  We got a bag of chips on the way to the room.  Terrible service.
The food we did get was good and the manager has since contacted us personally to apologize and send us something to make up for it.  I'll recommend this place now because I'm pretty sure it was a bad one-off situation and they do care about their customer's experience.
Took an hour to get our food and did not even have silverware until after we got our food. It was not busy. 

Two stars because the manager compensated us greatly for the inconvenience. Food was good one we got it and the manager hooked us up afterwards.
I've seen Brand New here and it was one of the best shows I've seen at any House Of Blues venue. I don't know if its the fact that you are on vacation, seeing one of your favorite bands, or what it is. But I have had other not so pleasant experiences when planning a vacation and seeing a concert at the same time. Here however, I had a very good experience.

It didn't hurt that this venue isn't far from the Urban Outfitters upstairs so you can go shopping while you wait for doors to open for the show you are going to see. There food is also really good here. I know they have happy hour and there deals are really good for that but I've never experienced it. 

I've only been here when there has been a concert going on that I had tickets to. I do like the quietness of it. It is located inside the Mandalay Bay which is rad. It is rare for me to go to shows at a venue that is in a hotel, so this was a fun experience, being that it was different. The liveliness of the hotel gives it the perfect energy for a place like House Of Blues.
You should know you can do bottle service and get a table for a show, but decide that before you buy your first round. One vodka cran = $13. Bottle of Skyy vodka and a table is $200+tax and they go up from there. In fact, you should PREGAME in the casino or in your room if nothing else. $13 is crazy to me, for a vodka cran. I pay half that in GA (different worlds).. and it's especially wacky since right outside the venue in Mandalay Bay you sit at a machine and start getting your drinks free.  PREGAME.

Despite that, the staff is super nice. Natalie behind the bar is excellent, and the girl who handles the bottle service is also very sweet. 
I haven't been to any House of Blues in quite a while, and this was definitely my first time at this one. The venue is pretty awesome.  It feels like a short distance from the stage to the back of the room, and the "pit" area is lower than the surrounding bar area, so it feels like most spots give you a pretty good view. Fairly easy access to the bars even when it was as packed as it was gonna get all night, although I'm sure it's not always easy. And if you care, the curtain on stage was suuuper cute. It was a patchwork quilt that I just wanted to curl up in.

There's a second floor/balcony seating, but they didn't seem to be allowing many people up there while we were there.  The stairs were blocked off at the main entrance, and we were not sure why, or who was already up there, but you could see a crowd. 

This particular show - The Neighbourhood and Kitten - was All Ages.. which was weird to me. So there were a ton of teens, including the ones standing in front of us whom at first I was hoping would leave to go to the bar (before I realized they were probably underage). There are plusses, though, to sharing a concert with so many under-21s: Less people at the bar, and I can see over the whole crowd!
Just left The Dan Band show at house of blues.  Unfortunately we didn't get to see the show, we went at ticket time and gave up after 1 and 1/2;hours.  Overcrowded with big vip all u can drink section empty.  They are getting $24 for 2 cans of PBR.  Can you say gouging?
Had breakfast here on a Tuesday morning. Yummy, quick, great service, reasonable price.  Definitely will go back.  Ham & cheese omelet was great.
Came here to see "The Dan Band". First time here and did not know they had a venue down stairs. I did not see an elevator so if you cant handle stairs this may not be for you. Love the dcor. Its got a feel of old time stuff with an upgrade. Its kinda small but, have 3 areas with bars. Before we went in the security wands you and they check the purses and anything that is in pockets. I had a bottle of water in my purse and I had to throw it away. 
When we got inside we did just order bottle water (wasn't in the mood to drink) and that cost was $11.00. They do serve food such as street tacos. pizza etc. It smelled good but, did not try anything we ate before coming. 
It was very crowded we were on the stage floor waiting for the show to start and it got so packed like we were sardines and yes you did get bumped with people squeezing thru.
But the show was really good. Dan was good with his two older back up guys and he kept the audience entertained.
We went to House of Blues for the Gospel Brunch, which happens on Sunday mornings and we were really happy to find so close to our hotel. After getting our tickets, we went to our table, which was at the end of a long table that was filled with gentle older ladies. When we set our bags at the table, the nice ladies said to us sternly, "This is our table. We came with a group." After showing them our tickets and that the seat numbers indicated that we sat there, the dear old women declared, "No, our friends are going to sit there." I asked to see their tickets, saw that they were not our seats, and explained to the pleasant old folks that their seats were different from ours, and they scowled at us and snapped, "There's more people in our group and they're our friends and they're sitting there. We have the whole table." By this time, a group of people heading to the buffet were gathering around to witness and smirk at the elderly ladies' bitter senility, but my girlfriend and I were getting kind of sick of it. That was when a server, Kristy (sp? she had red and blonde hair), came and tried to help us. Seeing that these rusty old dinosaurs refused to listen to reason, she offered us other seats, actually VIP seats, and gave us free cocktails ($10 each). Kristy the server took what was going to be a big disappointment from the decrepit, walking bags of bones at our table to a really enjoyable show with our own private seats at a much better location. Thanks Kristy for saving us from the crypt!
Please don't come to this place!
We did not get to try our meal and we walked out of it!
Rude hostesses, very bad attitude. Said we had to wait for a table when the place was empty. 
Then one of them walked us to our table which was a very small two-top. 
We asked to ne moved to one of many empty (and some of them dirty) four-tops next to ours and she rudely declined saying that there was a waiting list for those tables when clearly there was none!! Really??
Bottom line terrible hostesses!!!
I went to this location about a month ago on a first date. The girl that I was with wanted to go somewhere with live music, so while we were at Mandalay Bay, I quickly yelped this location. 

The music was pretty good, the singer was singing mostly country songs. I am not a fan of country music, every song sounds the same and its always about failed relationships. Anyways, my date loved the music there, and I loved many interesting things about country music from her. So, it was educational, but I still hate country music. 

I ordered their pasta with bolognese sauce, and she got their thai shrimp salad. The food was below par for the quality and prices. The pasta was tasteless and had a bitter flavor in the meat sauce and the salad barely had any dressing in it and the shrimp was bit chewy. We were not happy with the food, but the atmosphere and music seemed to be the main attraction. Also, the prices are pretty reasonable, so if you are at their bar for drinks and live music than this place is pretty good.
Came here for a Bastille concert, the venue is what you expect to hold 500 or so ppl. There's a seats upstairs and tables through the place. Place is clean and they had a nice bar to buy some drinks. The concert was great but that's a different story. Overall, a nice concert venue. It can get a little crowded but that's expected.
Went here last night  after  along drive from California and a few hours on the casino floor. The server and service was fabulous and fast. Our young girl server was super nice and kept up with everything. The atmosphere was also well designed and comfortable, not loud and quite pleasant. My GF and I shared the Grilled Sword Fish, The fish was cooked improperly. It was so Salt water fishy tasting and rubbery we couldn't  finish. The appetizers saved the night and were outstanding. "Or server recommended Shrimp over Corn Bread with a reduced sauce, this was to die for and would recommend. Then we ordered the Buffalo wings, these also were nothing to rave about. The sauce was not to tasty, I've had better wings from Costco out of a bag and cooked in an oven. My son had the Fish Taco's, he ate them so I'm assuming they were ok, he's not much for opinions. His GF had a Bacon wrapped meatloaf. She had all of us try her selection as she was cracking up on the taste. We all came to the same conclusion that the Meatloaf tasted like a "Slim Jim" Jerky. I'm guessing we are not going back soon and will try another restaurant for dinner.
Great venue once Inside.   Lines are absurd (hour or so at doors open time) Tonight's show was an hour. ... disappointing for the money spent
We had a great night eating at this restaurant prior to seeing mastodon. The server was a very nice gal. Even though my order came out wrong he immediately fixed it. The food was delicious!!! We had the jambalaya, house of blues salad & veggie flat bread. Again, service was great & food was excellent! The only thing I was displeased with was that I feel that they should offer more vegetarian options. They have maybe 2 & 1 of them is a salad. Other than that the atmosphere is nice & food quality was as expected for the price.
Flew in for Mastodon and Gojira and I've gotta say this place is a BEAUT
Vaulted ceilings , one spectacular chandelier  centered above the main floor
Love this place 
Only gripe I had and actually was NOT expecting was the 14 dollar tallboys 
A 2 dollar can of Pabst ..14 bucks 
C'mon now 
As stated previously , in many reviews I'm sure , pregame before you show 
Tho I have to say , thee bartender did make an outrageously good AMF , probably the best I've ever had 
Quality over quantity ..this rule does not apply to Pabst lol 

Oh, by the way 
The show was KILLER
Soundguy was perfect
The best experience!! Great food, thx u Chef Aaron Sanchez for a new menu!! Great service Suzie Q!!! Excellent personality! She'd be a great manager! We will try House of Blues in Anaheim next!! Super excited!!
It was my first time enjoying a show at the House of Blues.  It's located in Mandalay Bay Casino and very easy to find.  Attached to the venue is a restaurant which has live music acts as well! 

To get to the main level, you take stairs down to where the bar, seating and general admission floor is.   There is also a second level with seating that looked comfy!  It's a smaller venue but I think that's what I love most about it.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house.  The sound acoustics were great to really get a feel for the show.  Fabulous!

I can't wait to come back for another show in this fantastic venue! Enjoy!
I've been here a few times now, all of them for metal concerts (Dimmu Borgir and Mastadon) and I can say full heartedly that I'm a fan of this place. The venue is easy to find from Mandalay Bay's parking garage. Just go into the casino, proceed past the Light Nightclub and enter the casino floor. Turn your head left and TA-DA! Huge lights saying "House of Blues." So let's get to the main part of the review.

Venue: The venue is actually quite small in terms of stages. It has an upper floor with seating for other shows besides for concerts, but I'm rating it strictly as a concert venue. The floor is surrounded by a bar area, so drinks are easily accessible at any time. As far as concerts go, I prefer smaller venues to bigger ones because they seem more intimate. Being able to feel "close" to the band as they perform no matter where you are is pretty neat. That means you won't miss a beat! (Haha, music joke) They put up guards at the front of the stage during concerts, as do most places and they actually make a really good place to lean on between sets if you are lucky enough to be in the front and don't plan on moving anytime soon. It is also nicely decorated. I love the chandelier that they have, in the middle of the place, the tinted glass windows and the whole vibe the place gives off. It makes a great rock band venue. 

Service: The people that work here, from the times I've been there are nice and personable. I mean, come on, it's hard not to be when you get to see free shows, right? Right. In any case, booze is always easily accessible. The cool part is that during concerts, if you are one of those lucky people against the guard rail right in front of the stage, a waitress comes around between the guard rail and stage to take drink orders so you don't have to move. BONUS! I didn't get anything to drink though, because drink prices in venues scare me. To rich for my blood. The actual people in charge of watching the event let you have a little fun, but do the appropriate thing when bad stuff goes down. They also help crowd surfers. 

This is a great place to go see a concert, especially if you are a rock fan. The mood, atmosphere and small venue make it easy to mosh, drink, and/or enjoy yourself. If you know somebody coming to Vegas and feel like going to the show, hopefully you get lucky and get the House of Blues. :)
The Gospel Brunch was excellent. Despite mixed reviews on other sites, we found the food to be excellent, the talent amazing and the energy uplifting.
Not sure how it goes down in other city's house of blues gospel brunches but the 15+ Vegas performers were spot on. We'll worth attending.
House of Blues Gospel Brunch @Mandalay Bay: thank you for ruining both my appetite and my Mothers Day.  My husband purchased tickets for us to attend the first seating of the Gospel Brunch on May 11. We arrived on time at 9:00 only to stand in line for 20 minutes just to get in the door. We were not seated until 9:30, at which point the venue was clearly overcrowded and overbooked with lines of people, tables that were too close together and wait staff that were nowhere to be found.

I decided to sit down to try and wait for the food lines to die down with no avail.  I was one of the last people in line in the traditional food area. Imagine my disgust as  I and a number of people in line discovered that the plates stacked on the table to self serve ourselves buffet-style were actually a stack of used filthy disgusting dishes with old food on them. Every other plate had stuck on food, wet slime and garbage on it. Not sure how such a gross error can be made with a huge catering event...I have been on many cruise ships with 20 times the amount of people served and have never experienced anything like this in a dining establishment in my life. 

I proceeded to take some pictures of the filthy dishes and went to find a manager.  As they looked for the person in charge a couple of bartenders were actually laughing when I told them what happened. I'm not sure what part of a potential outbreak of foodbourne illness is funny. I'm sure the Nevada Department of Health will agree  with me when I call them first thing Monday morning.

One of the busboys was very kind and actually came up stairs to the ticket office and appeared to be genuinely sorry about the whole thing. The on site manager was nice enough but didn't seem too concerned that many other people eating from that buffet line were eating off of dirty plates. What was supposed to be a lovely Mothers Day turned into a nauseating experience. Our money is slated to be refunded  to our credit card but honestly I was so sick to my stomach that I couldn't eat till much later in the day and didn't care about the money at that point.

Please people, be aware of where you eat. Scroll down to another Yelper who posted a similar review of the exact same brunch only 3 weeks ago.
Shout out for our waitress Susie Q!! She took care of us for dinner, drinks and Karaoke.....moving us to the front table! Definitely at the top of our list for our next visit and we will want Susie to take care of us!
One to two stars, got the Jambalaya:

Marinated chicken, white rice, andouille sausage, sweet peppers and roasted green onions in a spicy traditional jambalaya sauce

Wasn't:
Spicy
Evenly Heated

Had:
Delicious sauce
A lot of Rice

*Even BJs has a better Jambalaya with more stuff.

Waiter was nice, split all the checks for us, she asked. (A party of 12)
We went to the kareoke night on Fridays at 10. It was so fun.  We danced the night away.  Our server, Susie Q, was amazing.  She went above and beyond for my friends and me.
Wow-one of the best breakfast opportunities in Vegas. Great heart healthy options too. Terrific service by Katie. We be back this week!
Went there for a quick bite and had the buffalo chicken wings and pulled pork sliders.

The chicken wigs tasted old, dry and chewy. The sliders were dry and didn't taste great.

The waiter was nice but the food is terribly bad, even the coleslaw was awful!

Will not get back!
Went to see Lindsey Stirling. The ticket wasn't clear enough that the seat was on the 3rd floor and it's almost impossible to have a direct sight toward the stage, instead you give up and watch the screen. Luckily we were able to secure the front row but still, there was a big pillar in between.

The concert was fun, but the venue - not so much.
Best breakfast of our trip, thanks to the honest input of our server. After we ate, she took us on a tour of the performance area and VIP spots.
I paid for TPain tickets and I had to endure and hour and 30 minutes of whack a** bands... I definitely would not have purchased the tickets if I woulda known that the opening acts would be almost the whole show. Will not do this again.
I came in for breakfast on a Friday morning. The super fuel omelet was good. The hash browns I could not eat, they tasted like cheap margarine. They serve Peets tea. They don't include any cream or honey with their tea. The service was ok at best. The waitress forgot to get my toast and do I reminded her, they brought the toast but no jam with it and  charged me for the side of toast. 
One of the servers had so much facial hair with a big moustache and long full chunk of a beard that I was worried his hair will fly into my food. The atmosphere is lively with a theatrical tv playing the world cup and some people were cheering. The layout and theme of this place is very unique and charming.
I stopped in here for breakfast while staying at The Mandalay Bay. Breakfast was fast and great ! The mini waffles were warm inside and crunchy on the outside (addictive). I had eggs, toast and homefries, guest had the steak and eggs. Everything was cooked perfect . I would definitely recommend.
We went here to see the Dan Band. As Vegas locals, we scored free tickets so that was awesome.  The place was really hot at first, almost as if the air condition wasn't on. Eventually it got a little cooler. We were in the standing room section so it was a little uncomfortable & crowded, but I guess that's expected. We ordered our drinks directly from the bar. They were well made drinks but very expensive!
OMG, avoid this place unless you like being frisked and wanded like at the airport. This is a concert venue not the friggen UN. I wont be back not for the frisk down not for the free tickets, and not! for the $16 dollar beers. Oh lest we forget the obnoxious blue laser lights that hit you in the eyes in this standing room only venue where the headlining cover band has an opening act  which in this case for the Fan Halen band was terrible. So I stood for one hour trying to find a non blinding corner or spot to hang out waiting for very late musicians to take the stage. I cant blame the bands, its probably the club trying to get people to buy super inflated drinks and yes suck more cash out of people before the show ends. Sorry I don't subscribe to the goping broke blind and deaf business model while you greedy club owners get to drive home in Ferraris Maserati's and Bentleys at my or other peoples expense. I call it like I see it.
The Mac and cheese is GREAT. If you like M & C at all... just trust me and try it.
Overpriced applebees! very slow service took over 45 minutes to receive appetizer. They were out of plates to serve our meal which was burnt chicken over penne pasta for $17
Nice place to see a concert. 
There are different areas for the general admission tickets to watch. The main floor, left or right side of the stage and in the rear of the venue. Three large bars wiTh specials on beers and well drinks is always a plus. Sound quality is excellent and the staff here is very friendly.
Went to see Strange Days, the tribute band for The Doors that have Robby Krieger as the lead guitar. !! Band was awesome. We sat in the balcony and had a great seat. The drinks are very expensive so take that into account before you get there as you can't bring any drinks in from the casino. I did smell mother nature half way thru the show which was appropriate for the mood that night. Had a great time !!
Street Tacos. Not exactly from a taco bus, it had cheese on it which I should of had omitted just to keep with authenticity but sometimes I just want to try food they way it's on the menu. I ate all 3 of them and had a bite of the blue cheese burger if there is one. Otherwise I guess I forgot what that was. Thumbs up from this little eatin' machine.
Really great service. I had the classic bleu salad and it was delicious. Very simple and some what on the small side but that's what I wanted. I'll also note that I didn't finish it so if you're looking for something small but filling in Vegas get it. The bacon was very tasty. I was worried I wouldn't enjoy it coming from Canada ( high standards on bacon LOL I KID ) My friend really loved her buffalo chicken salad but the portion size was a little on the large side for her. The waiter made sure to fill my water up every time it was almost gone leaving me now thirsty. I give this place five stars!
Great place to grab a beer and get out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  I think I am over the casinos and welcomed something a bit different.
Gospel brunch is a lot of fun, food pretty good and the choir is WAY more entertaining than Britney Spears!!!!!!
Since we were staying at Mandalay Bay, HoB was a convienient place to have breakfast. 

The options for breakfast were good, and go with the atmosphere of the restaurant and music venue. As a group we ordered blueberry pancakes, omelettes and hash browns. Overall, everything was OK, but lacked any real flavor. The chorizo was more like ground hamburger, and lacked any kind of spice. The blueberry pancake was good, but the maple butter it came with didn't taste like maple at all. 
I know its cheesy, but I really did expect a menu from Aaron Sanchez to be more flavorful. 

The service and atmosphere were great, and made up for just so-so food. 

I also liked the gift shop at the entrance. The cashier was really friendly and helpful, and let us know what kind of live music was scheduled for the next few days.
Went got the Gospel Brunch - worth checking out. All you can eat brunch with emphasis on Southern specialties, i.e. Chicken & Waffles! The food is worth the cost of admission alone. Music & entertainment were good. Only low point as the mimosas, seemed weak & warm. Still worth checking out!
Gospel Brunch was a great time with good food and great service. Choir was amazing. 
Whole family enjoyed it.
Red Owl, on the southeast corner of Price Road and University Drive, offers two rooms -- the second room is known as Club Red -- where music fans can catch up-and-coming Valley bands as well as national and regional talent. 

Local talent such as Shelby James and Violet Wild have performed at the bar along with a local Bon Jovi tribute band who recently packed the place.

The Club Red side is more of a lounge with a sofa, comfy chairs, a pool table and candlelit tables along with a stage. Think Peach Pit After Dark. The Red Owl side is more of a dive bar with cracked peanut shells littering the floor and a small stage for live music.

The bar will probably see it's biggest crowd on Wednesday, Aug. 15 when C.C. DeVille of Poison hosts a Poison afterpary at the venue following the band's show at the Dodge Theatre.
I really wish 3.5 was an option.  Red Owl doesn't quite deserve the esteem of 4 stars, yet it is definitely not as mediocre as 3 stars.

The first time I went here I definitely enjoyed the crowd and the vibe. Punk rockers, head bangers, and the like all hanging out and having a great time together.

When I bragged to a friend of mine about how awesome this place was, she replied that she would never go there because of the lobster claw machine.  I had no idea what she was talking about, but the second time I went to the Red Owl, I saw it.  And all the horror stories that she told me (that I brushed off) came rushing back... "dead lobsters"...  "floating"...  "dirty water"... 

Ugh.

This contraption is like the game where you use a joystick or buttons to move a claw around with the purpose of winning a stuffed animal.  Only this machine's purpose is to win a live (hopefully) lobster in a huge tank of murky water.  It's disgusting and cruel and they really should get rid of it.

However, I am a fan of the bar, the music and the clientele.  I stopped by for a quick visit during Metalfest and it brought back all of my childhood memories of hanging out at the SkyRoom in South Buffalo.  Death Metal, Hardcore... I felt so at home it reminds me of one of my favorite quotes.

"As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself -- so like a brother, really -- I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again." Albert Camus
(Club Red)
The decor is actually kind of neat, the seating is comfortable seats and couches. There is also a decent amount of tables and seating in alcohol area. However, in the underage side there is about two or three tables, which I must say is better than most places. There was no moshing for the show I was there for but when a pit broke out the security wasn't too anal about it. The bartender seemed really nice. 
Now for the mega negative if you go in the back closer to the owl entrance (it was closed the night I went) it smelled like cat piss. Ew. 

If they would clean up a bit and make it just a touch less on the dive side it would be an great club but that smell, the over all feeling I get from the place is kind of gross. I hope on my next visit I can give this place a better review because it does have a lot of potential.
This is a fun place for a small show.  I saw Evidence and Fashawn last night, and it was great.  The place has an intimate feel, and you can get very close to stage.  The bar is in the back, and slightly annoyingly the front is a no booze zone.  But the beers in the back are cheap, so down a couple and move on up.
This was my first time at either the Red Owl OR Club Red, and I will say I was not impressed with either.  I pulled up and the cops were swarming Club Red, no idea why - but that was a nice welcome.  My good friend and co-worker was playing at the Red Owl, hence the visit.  It was an "all ages" event, so drinks were only allowed on the worst half of the venue - which was the 2nd "nice" welcome.

While my friend did a great job, the "security" seemed more than necessary - and overly aggressive based on the group on THAT side of the joint.  Long story short, the service wasn't great, the venue was outdated and somewhat contrived - and if not for the cute, curly haired bartender, this would be one star only.

Don't bother!
This is a very good neighborhood bar.  Definite Irish feel to it.  The food is decent, and the drinks are great.  It can get pretty crowded on the weekends.  They have a pretty great party on St. Patrick's day, take up the entire parking lot of the shopping mall they are in... pretty good time...
They've expanded this place a bit since I was here last and it definitely moved it from a 2 1/2 to a solid 3 1/2 to 4 star kind of place.  In a strip mall (gee, who's surprised) in a North Phoenix suburb (Ok, now you can be surprised!), you wouldn't expect this place to be as cool as it is.  Food served all day, and everything we've tried is pretty good (Great looking fries!).  As great as it is to get Irish pub food all day long, it is great to watch the place transform from a sleepy lunch spot to a packed standing room only spot around the time the entertainment gets going at 9pm.  It's generally traditional Irish music, but the night we were there he also did a 50's song and we swear he was playing music from the Godfather as we moved on to our next destination.  

Lots of tables for big parties - which ours was (though the largest that night must have had 24 or more) and a great big wrap around the back bar.  The bar is one of their improvements - looks like they took over some extra space to expand since I'd been there years ago.  Several of us commented on how much bigger it looked and how much nicer it felt.  For some the downside is that this isn't a fancy "Scottsdale" bar, but on the upside - this is NOT some fancy schmancy "Scottsdale" bar.  You'll have folks of ALL ages there based on when you go.  And all shapes and sizes.  I kinda like that - you know, people looking like people.  Over the years we've been there, everyone seems to get along, just like the neighborhood pub it was meant to be.

Oh yea.  They have Guinness.  And Harp.  And Bass.  Beer and more beer.  That's not my thing so I can't really speak to it, but it is there in abundance.  Someone else will just have to stop by, have a pint and tell us all about it.
This is the Irish bar in its purest form. 

Plenty of dart boards line the walls and pitchers float around by the dozen. There are a few long drinking hall style tables which are always entertaining for big groups. The service staff is no-nonsense, but good. The crowd is my favorite aspect at the Dubliner. None of the typical Scottsdale attitudes and cheeziness will be found here . . . and if it is, it won't stay long. 

Good live music takes it up a notch and puts it into the top five of my favorite bars in town.
A dude playing irish music on a fiddle in a bar in North Phoenix?  Count me in.

This is a pretty good pub-y place with your traditional attempt at irishness (stew, shepherd's pie, bangers & mash) with a few irish beers (guinness, of course, harp & smithwick's) while also having your traditional bar food.

Nothing fancy, everything is pretty straightforward.  Probably really a 3 star place, but the live entertainment adds a bonus star.
This place can get really awesome or really dull dependent on one solitary man resembling a leprechaun with a filthy mouth and penchant for calling out mouthy toolbags, all while playing the guitar and happily caroling away in Irish drinking hymnals.  It can get really crowded, which makes standing really tedious and plants a target on your big forehead for the leprechaun to abuse.  On St. Paddy's Day, this place is chaos, and like most other forced holidays is not worth getting into the carnival atmosphere just to say you did it.  Cash-only holidays get old in a hurry.
The Dubliner is not an authentic Irish Pub but it is one of my favorite bars to go to because the crowd is down to earth and drinks are CHEAP. Where else can you get a red bull vodka for $4? The crowd is a diverse mix of hipsters, hippies, skaters, and a few old weirdos here and there. If you went to high school in the area your bound to run into someone you haven't seen in years. I always have a great time when I go to the Dubliner because I meet such interesting people. You can find me here when I don't feel like dressing up for Scottsdale.
I used to work here and the staff and locals are like family. If u are down to earth ~ I'm sure you'll love the dub! No pretentiousness here! There's good entertainment almost every night of the week. The band that plays Tuesday nights is the BEST! Weekend nights are pretty busy and crowed, but the drinks are priced right and the food is really good too! My faves are the ckn boxty, the Reuben & the Philly ~ but basically everything the menu is DELISH! If u wanna have some real Irish fun, visit the Dub!! It's the place to be on St. Patricks Day for sure!
No bar anywhere in this area comes as close to pulling everything off like the "Dub".  Beer Selection, Darts, TVS, lots of seating, events, great prices and a great mix of people.  The staff is always great, and ready to serve at all times.  Come here open minded, stay for a bit, watch the crowd pour in.  Always a good time.
I'm 31 yrs old and I've come to the Dub since I was an 18 yr old with a good fake ID. I actually havent lived in Az in over 10 yrs, but when ever I come back to visit friends and family this is our spot. My buddies have been the local crew at this bar for over a decade. The bartenders have all worked here for years as well, and even tho i may only come in a few times a year, the bartenders always remember my face. A fun atmoshphere, plenty of room, a non-stuffy, non-scottsdale type crowd. When I'm in Az, I always visit the Dub...
Nothing to this place, the food was alright, the serves was just ok and the band playing there was horrid, I don't see myself ever going back here ever!
Great food great authentic Irish fare and best of all close to home
We just moved to town and were looking for a place exactly like this.  This bar is not posh, it is not shiny or pretty, it doesn't have a huge menu... and that is all fine by me.  

What it does have is a friendly wait staff, plenty of seating, good/ok live music, and a great bar selection.  

The mix of people that was there the night we stopped in was entertaining... I can't really comment on that, as I still think everyone here in Phoenix is crazy... lol.  

Either way, it seems to have that good old suburban bar feel to it, which is nice and cozy when you don't feel like dolling yourself up and having a fancy night out.
Stopped in for a quick couple of beers after work.  Michelle the waitress was fun and had a great attitude. Been a while since I've been there for a rowdy time. I should return on a weekend and relive some of those moments.
Great live music! I used to go here a lot more but it still one my favorite bars. Saint Patty's day here is crazy!. Pretty good food and always decent drinks. Recommend it for getting a group of friends together and chillin
So normally I like this place and the corned beef and cabbage have been quite good... but, on this occasion, the chef was clearly not irish or familar with irish food & culture, because the dish was dreadful. How to you ruin corened beef a...nd cabbage?? The urge to tell them how to make it was a compelling one. 

I'll go back because it's been decent in the past, and the beer flows freely and good, usually with good company, but, I'm thinking it's a one more chance kind of thing. Sadly, there are few places in phoenix that claim to be 'irish' that serve authentic quality irish food. I think if your going to cook food of another culture, you should at least learn how it's properly prepared and served.
Food is decent.  Service is above average.  Solid small draft beer selection. Good atmosphere.  Had music setting up.
The Wednesday night entertainment is AMAZING. Excellent musician and performer. Makes you laugh while enjoying great music. It can be hard to flag down the waitress, wish they had menus sitting at the table so you could flip through while you waited so you didn't have to wait to flag down the waitress to GET the menu and then wait to flag down the waitress to order. The fries are quite tasty but eat them up while they are warm. Prices are good. 
There are darts and a foosball table which are fun to do!
Had the chicken fries which were awesome!  Good beer selection, TV, pool, darts....live music....uh what else do you want in an irish bar?

I frequent this place when looking for live music during the week.  Cold pints are a plus and the clientele seems very friendly.
Went here the other night for a couple drinks, probably one of my favorite bars i've ever been to. Great irish pub atmosphere and music
Aw, I can't vote zero stars?  The service is the worst I've ever had EVER. I asked for menus ... apparently not.  Had to go physically get a menu from behind the bar.  Asked to order and the waitress said she'd be right back.  Spent the next half hour trying to get her attention - no such luck. When I finally got to order my food, it was another half hour before I got to eat it.  I'm sorry, but when I go somewhere to eat, I'm HUNGRY and I'm not happy when I'm hungry.  Waiting over an hour to eat is just bad.
Was here tonight.  It is OK!  Not much Irish things on the menu, more of a bar food type joint.  Potatoe skins were meh.  The paddy o melt was meh too.  The live music was a plus.
This place is OK. I have never eaten there but have been to drink many times.  It's a pretty big place.  There's a good mix of people and age groups and seems like a lot of people take dates here.  The security staff here are kinda douche bags. 

The worst part about this bar though is the fights. There is always fighting here. A fight here and there can be entertaining but its old and annoying when there is a fight every single time I go.
It has been awhile since I have visited the Dubliner. The only reason I haven't frequented the place lately is because I don't live near them anymore so I can't just either walk home or call a cab for 5 min ride. However there drinks are strong and cheap! Either that or the bartender was being very friendly on the few times I have visited :) The food is not to shabby either. I mean you can't possibly mess up fish and chips. Hmm fish and chips. So go, check it out, but remember if you have too many, call a cab. Did I mention that their drinks are strong and cheap! #winwin!
A local favorite of mine.  Doesn't look like much on the outside, but a suprisingly decent menu and full bar.  Always live music, which is my favorite part.  All types are welcome here, but it can get busy at times and they never seem to be staffed for it, so don't be too upset it it takes a while for your drinks.  If you're tired of the crowds that frequent the clubs in Scottsdale, want some good food and live music, you will have a great time at the Dubliner.
I dig the Dubliner.  It is a great place to grab a bite and a brew while enjoying local, live music.  They have a great beer selection, full bar and an extensive (for a bar) food menu.  I have only had the sweet potato fries, but they were cooked to crispy perfection.  I wish I could give Dubliner more stars, but there are a couple of things that drive me bonkers about this place.  First and foremost,  there is always a mob of people sitting outside the front door smoking.  There is no way to circumvent the raunchy cloud of toxins.  I wish they would move the smoking area a few feet further from the door (maybe in the back/side parking area, hint, hint).  Also, on Friday and Saturday nights there are not enough servers here.  Service at the bar is usually prompt, but if you are at a table, good luck!  You are probably better off burning a calorie or three and walking to the bar for your next round, than waiting for a server to come to you.  It's not that they are slacking, there just aren't enough of them.  Add another server or two when the place is packed, get the smoke out of my face, then I'd up this to a four star rating.

Stop by the Dubliner, and support a local band/musician!
I was here yesterday and had great service. Tonight I walked in and was ignored by the stupid blond working the bar. After 10 minutes sitting with no drink, I left.  I'll never be back again.
What Brad T. said.


done.


What? I have to write more?  OK, here's a little more:

-real people, not just a pretty crowd
-music can get really loud, but that's not necessarily a bad thing
-great prices on pitchers of beer
-kick back relaxed environment
-fun for people watching
Happy hour prices are good - get a domestic beer for $2-3. The staff seems friendly and the sweet potato fries are yummy. Didn't stay too long so that's all I can report for now.
Tired is the best word to describe this place.  We've lived by it for a long time and thought we'd give it a try.  What a mistake!  No one greets you, no sign to tell you to sit wherever, and no waitress showing up to acknowledge you are there.  When she finally did, it was quite obvious she didn't want to be there.

Shepard's pie - made with hamburger instead of lamb.  I thought I'd try it anyway.  When I saw the presentation - I should have sent it back.  A big glob of a dish with everything spilling everywhere.  And a ton of cheese melted on top - not a normal ingredient in SP.  Plain, boring, no spice whatsoever.  Hubby's hamburger was a frozen patty - no creativity at all - yet it's called the "Dubliner".  

If you want a dive bar, go for it.  If you want real food, turn around and go somewhere else.
This is a good home town watering hole. Great mellow/casual atmosphere to meet and hangout with friends. My friends and I have been going here as long as I can remember. The bar staff has largely remained the same for years; get to know em' and you'll know them for a long time. This is a pub of pubs. If you are looking for a "home" bar.. this is the place for you.
I love this place.  The staff are awesome, they have live music six nights a week, and the clientele are 99% douche free.  Never tried the food, but who the hell goes to a bar to eat, anyway?
Went for a late night dinner to see The Sea Merchants perform. Had never been here before and were amazed at how packed the place was! Service was cheerful and probably could have used a little more help - not sure they were expecting the crowd they got last night, but we were enjoying the music and not too concerned with how fast service was. Had the Guinness Chicken, sweet potato fries, the Irish soda bread and washed it all down with a couple of brews. All pretty good. I'd recommend the place for a good time with friends. Relaxed, casual and fun! And the Sea Merchants performance was a rockin' good time!
Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.
Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
I have only been here once, but sadly will not be returning again.

On a lighter note, I actually thought the restaurant itself was pretty cool and I also even liked the food. Both the Shepherd's Pie and the Corned Beef were quite good!

So why won't I come back here? One of the staff was extremely rude to one of my friends and made her feel completely unwelcome. It was especially bad, because he was a manager. She brought a problem to him and he basically told her he didn't care and didn't need her business. I didn't catch all of what went on myself, because it was a loud place with music playing, but a big thing for me is the way that the management treats their customers. We ended up leaving earlier than we had planned, because my friend got offended by the manager, so this is not a place I will be returning to.

I would not recommend this place to anybody if feeling valued as a customer is important to you.
always a good crowd and mix of ppl usually. they have some really talented local musicians and then on the other side they have darts. i just wish they had more dart tables b/c half the time they are taken. the food is average with disgusting fried mushrooms as one of the options-yuck and olives in a quesidalla-also yuck. some of the bartenders are better than others. its very laid back compared to a scottsdale bar as far as dress which is why i like it but its not too hole-in-the wall were its boring or dirty.
Great wings.. Excellent personable bartenders.. Also I asked for " some extra celery and carrots " with my wings and assumed id get 2-3... They gave me a whole plate of it with extra ranch and BLEU CHEESE! .. The traditional Irish fare like the sheppards pie is absolutely terrific and the Irish soda bread was really delicious.. I been back 2 times and the food is great .. Every time
Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
Good bar vibe...Arizona civil war college football games were playing the night I was here so the crowd was great, and the elderly gentleman playing old Irish tunes on the stage up front added to the lively environment. Was in a strip mall setting and I was visiting from out of town so I would have not noticed it had my friend not taken me here. Still though, love my Irish pubs, whiskey,  and Guinness.
Amazing bartenders and waitresses.  Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
We were really looking forward to some good Irish grub, unfortunately, it didn't happen here. The Shepherd's Pie "gravy" was watery and tasteless, and there wasn't much meat. The irish stew was cold and and bland. The wait staff was nice, but service was lacking. Everything took a long time, and the most disappointing was dessert. Though the bread pudding was good, we asked for ice cream on it,  and the waitress waited too long to bring it to our table so the ice cream was almost completely melted. Won't be returning.
FANTASTIC, moist, tender corned beef year round! Honestly, this is a great bar with live music and a cheap enough bar tab, but the quality of the food exceeds expectations.
I have been going here with my school for Happy Hour and it is good. Good prices, good food, good deal.
The Dubliner is close to my house and pours a damn good Guinness.  Food is mediocre at best.  You might wait awhile for your drinks, but it does take time to pour a good pint.  I do have to run screaming from the building when they have Irish music nights.  As much as I love my people,  that high pitched little Irish flute thing they play makes me wonder if there are dogs all over the neighborhood being terribly disturbed.  Great neighborhood bar, food meh.  You can't really go wrong with an order of potato skins when you're drunk though....so there's that.
Went here on a Saturday night; the place was pretty busy. We ordered food around 9pm so the kitchen stays open late so that is a plus. We got a burger and sweet potato fries - both very good. Try the sweet pototo fries with the plum sauce - yummy!
Drinks were reasonably priced and the wait staff was friendly and prompt. No complaints from me. 
They had a bad playing too that was good, but it was rock. I sort of expected an irish type band to be playing especially on a weekend night. The band was still good though, don't get me wrong.
By far my favorite bar in the area. Very relaxed atmosphere and live music some nights (not sure what the schedule is for that). Food was good for bar food.
Great place to grab a beer and listen to some music. The prices are great and the staff is friendly. Low key and and relaxed environment.
Jess rocks as a server and The Sullivan's kick butt! What a great band! Love their Irish music. But they can play anything!
Went Sunday for afternoon games for football. Packers bar (shocking! what bar in AZ isn't?) Place was pretty busy. Had two seats at the bar for us to sit. Bartender was nice and efficient, drinks were good. 

As for the food, small portions, not all that tasty. Ordered a caesar salad to share, wasn't large enough. For $9 (mind you, no meat, just lettuce, cheese, dressing and croutons) we thought we'd get a pretty good size salad. Had a baked potato and mashed potatoes/gravy for our "sides". Gravy wasn't cooked right, portion again, small. Took 45 mins to get the three items. Bartender claimed they only had two fryers, so the kitchen was behind. However, we didn't have fried food items. 

Overall, we will go back. Gal next to us ordered a reuben that looked life changing. So... until next time.
I have been here 4 times and I get the same thing every time.  The Shepards Pie is outstanding.  I always want to try something different, but I know that I will be disappointed that I didn't have my regular. The waitresses here have always been friendly and I will be back soon!
Just ok
This place has been around forever and was a favorite when I lived in Phoenix in the 90s.  Reasonably priced drinks and good food and still that way today in 2014.  They have expanded the other side of the bar which is nice. 

I have to give a shout out to Vanessa who works the day shifts.  She is super friendly, great service and seems to know all the regulars by name. She made me feel right at home on Saturday.  I even went back again today.   The pulled pork sandwich was delicious.  I wanted something sweet today and she brought out this chocolate chip cookie that was still hot with vanilla ice cream melting over it.  It was wonderful.

If I can swing it I may come by a third time before I leave this is how fond I am of the place. They have live music some evenings I think.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it isnt in St Louis LOL

Seriously, stop by.  It is in a strip mall at Thunderbird and 40th on the SW corner two doors down from the dentist.
My friend has brought me here a couple times, only on Mondays for trivia. Team Trivia is quiet entertaining, I must say. It's free to play, which is a nice bonus. If you want a good laugh, each team makes their own name up, some inappropriate, but funny though. I have ordered food, it's not bad, for bar food.
Can't believe I'm going to say authentic & Irish in the same sentence as "located in a Phx plaza" but I will. One of the best, most Irish restaurants I've ever dined at. Great entertainment as well.
This my favorite pub in Phoenix! Good beer selections. Good food (the shepard's pie is amaze-balls, the Irish nachos are epic, and the frickles are delish). They have good live music / entertainment during the evenings. This is a great place to go during the day to hang out with friends, watch a game, have a quiet beer, or have an awesome night out partying. The weekend nights are a raging blast! The staff does a great job handling it all!
I don't drink much, so I'm not dazzled by what is on tap. We came here to try a local Irish pub and see how their food was.

One star is too good for this place. I had the "bangers and mash". The quotes are necessary, trust me. My wife had -- we think -- the Shepherd's Pie. If the waitress had been attentive, we'd have asked. Since we weren't guzzling fermented piss, I guess we didn't rate on her radar. At least it wasn't terribly expensive.

I doubt we'll go back.
This place is near my house. Haven't visited it until recently but it's a nice quiet place. Golden tee is probably the second best thing they have, the first being Guinness on draft. Would definitely recommend this place if you're interested in a quiet place with good service.
Jillian's is pretty much the only place in the hunk of junk known as Neonopolis to ever have anyone in it, and it's easy to see why.  Its appeal is pretty universal.  It's a restaurant, giant arcade, bowling alley, bar, music venue and dance club all rolled in to one - however, everything in one place doesn't always mean it's awesome.  I've had some good times at Jillian's, but if I'm hanging out downtown it's not my top choice of places to go.

I ate here once with my ex-husband, and although he left the bad taste in my mouth, the food was pretty good.  It's your typical, American, Apostrophe S restaurant cuisine.  The arcade is fun, but it's no measure to Dave and Buster's (why don't we have one of THOSE?  jeez!).  The bowling is fun, that's for sure.  It's a little more expensive than other alternatives like Sam's Town or the Gold Coast, but they have groovy balls and blacklit lanes all the time and I'm a nerd for things like that.  Also, my friend Ryan fell asleep on one of the bowling benches and they let him sleep there.  (I guess that's a plus if it's a tired friend, not so much if it's one of the transient population of downtown.)  The bar is a bit pricey and doesn't have much in the way of pizazz and the DJ and dance floor are notoriously lame.  Lots of local bands and some touring acts play here from time to time.  I've never gone to one of those shows and, frankly, I'm kinda baffled as to where they set them up.

One of my ex-boyfriends once tried to get frisky in one of the banquet rooms.  I'm not that kind of a girl and it smelled like salad dressing, so I passed.  But if that's your bag, there's always that possibility.
I participated on a panel at the Amplify Music Festival, and this is where it took place.  Jillian's is recognizable as a variety of the "Dave and Buster's" genre- video games with booze, you know?  

I'm not an afficianado of he genre- skee ball is for kids, aight?  But I did spend an enjoyable Vegas afternoon here on their indoor bowling alley.  They manufactured a decent white russian; while the pizza and nachos we ordered were TERRIBLE!!!

They also have a live music venue downstairs- that is probably what sets Jillian's apart from other Dave and Buster's type places.  I didn't actually go to a show there, so I can't review that aspect.

The video games looked like a tossed off after thought- nothing that looked interesting- except for the white water rafting game(?!?) that looked interesting

The decor is reminscent of your standard TGIF.
Oh Jillians...

what an experience.

As we were winding down from our big day on the strip we decided to check out Fremont Street....wow....what a change in pace ad scenery. 

Jillian's is similar to (but not as cool as) a Dave & Busters.

We bowled under a black light and drank cocktails which was pretty cool.
oh! what to do in a city where there's so MUCH to do?
where do most of the locals in Vegas hang out? 
Skee Ball and hot dudes offering to teach you how to handle a ball.
Pool tables for you to reach over ever so sexily to hit that cue. 

i love Jillian's in Seattle. my local buddies and my crew from LA attending someone's birthday party. this location is pretty average. the scene is pretty laid back- but the local men here are completely prowling for fresh meat. you can almost feel the desperation.
This place has a great atmosphere with lots of big screen TV's, only 4 boothes but lots of seating, a large arcade, a bowling alley & pool hall. PLUS on weekends they have live ROCK shows for ALL ages. The food is very reasonably priced. The menu is pretty limited to bar food though. The service is kinda iffy, the y were very friendly when we arrived but once we got our food we never saw them again so NO refills or anything else. We had to track the waitress down to pay the check so we could leave. The Chicken wrap was excellent very tasty & fresh. The beef & cheese sandwich was good but quite messy you had to eat it with a fork since it was soggy. The onion rings were terrific but could have used some kind of dipping sauce. The lager was great smooth & crisp with good alcohol content.Their own brew. Overall is was quite good but service was a little lacking considering their were only 3 other patrons in the place. I would recommend it as a good place to eat when in downtown Las Vegas
I can't believe it's really over. I was reluctant to believe Phillip C. but when I saw it with my own 2 eyes it nearly brought me to tears. Other than the 99 cent deep fried twinkies & oreos at Mermaids there really was no other reason to go downtown except Jillian's-IT will be missed. Especially the concerts.
This was one of the best concert venues in Las Vegas. I miss Jillian's. Just like someone else said. Its kinda like Dave and Busters. Hope something else opens up just like Jillians.
I visited the Slanted Clam to see a friend's band play and wasn't able to sample their food offerings, but as far as a music venue the place was....interesting.  The stage is in a room completely separate from the bar, which seemed very odd to me.  The southwestern decor was something I wasn't expecting to see during a rock and roll show.  The bar was crowded and the service was pretty slow; it took a while for the bartender to even notice we were, and after he took our order he milled about a bit before he got our beverages.  (I know my order of a bottle of water must have been difficult to procure.)

The sound was OK.  Not unlike a band playing in someone's house; just your typical sound for a place that wasn't really designed for music.  However, unlike a lot of places that decided to just put a stage in, this one is pretty good sized and was able to carry the 4 piece group without them seeming crowded.  There were some nice pool tables near the entrance, and the people milling around the bar seemed to be having a good time.

My coworker just gave me a few free drink coupons for this place so I'll be going back.  Perhaps that'll help me have a more favorable impression of the Clam.
Mediocre bar with nothing special.  No food in house, they hand you menus. Bad.

One star was for the impossibly hot waitress who obviously doesn't realize she should be stripping for 50x's the money instead of working at that place.
this is now a mexican bar w/ a hot dog cart out front on the weekends. Marinos De Camillo or something like that. Very small parking lot but the only bar in the neighborhood
closed
The Rainbow is another transplanted bar from LA, and while I must state it's not really my kind of place (it's new and shiny; I like 'em dark and seedy) I can definitely see it's appeal.

I've never had a meal here, but I've spent some time in the bar which is as comfortable as it is visually interesting.  TVs showing videos from rock bands you love, have never heard of, and have forgotten ever existed are on always interesting loops.  The seating is ample, plush and comfortable.  Busts of rock legends like Jimi and Slash burst out of the walls behind the bar, and the bartenders are attentive and friendly.  There's an area for bands to set up and play at, and on Sunday nights they have karaoke with a live band.  (I still need to check that one out!) 

The Rainbow is a place to see and be seen at, and celebrities know it too.  It's location across from the Hard Rock makes it a popular post-show stop for bands who want to get out of the casino, and TV crews and official events for other celebrities happen here with regularity.  It's worth a once or twice over.
I've been trying to yelp this place - but yelp kept crashing. Arrrggh so this is probably my 5th time in hopes it doesn't crash . Dont worry. I'll copy correctly this time. 
I love Rock Bars....this is one of the few rock bars in Vegas. This place isn't like the LA one. But the food is pretty close. It's italian american flair. They've got the Margharita Pizza, pisghetti, sausage and peppers, to bar foods like wings and nachos. I've always had a good time here. I even had a superbowl party here. I like the staff, they're usually pretty friendly and they're all pretty hot. Except for one older woman. She's probably like the mom or something. Tall brunette cocktail server....tattoos....yea she likes to be bit. She told me - she had marks from her boyfriend. NOW THAT'S THE KINDA BARS I LIKE!!!
Drinks are average. Went to a couple open bars here. This is definitely one of thos late night off the strip places. Right next to Club Paradise - across from Hard Rock Hotel, it's prime location to relive your hair metal days. Yes....Come to Rainbow, have a drink...then trash your hotel room. Now that's Rock.....
If you wanna go somewhere there's good music, yummy food, stiff drinks, and attractive bartenders and servers, this is the place for YOU.

The music. I've never had to endure any Jimmy Eat World or whatever it is you youngins are listening to these days. ,': )~ I'm just kidding, I only mentioned Jimmy Eat World because I'm pretty sure it's a currently popular band. I definitely would not be able to say, "Hey, that's ..." if one of their songs came on. Anyhow, Rainbows plays only good, hard rock. I remember one night, I was sitting at the bar with one of my girlfriends, and I don't know why this happened, but Korn walks in, plays a set, and then leaves. I was so confused. Still am. But apparently, that's the type of thing you can expect (or hope happens, or hope doesn't happen, pending your musical tastes) at Rainbow.

The food. Rainbow's got tasty calamari, motz sticks, club sandwiches, grilled veggie wraps, pizzas, filets ... for me, the grub here can cost a pretty penny, but I've never ordered anything I didn't like.

The staff. Like I said, everyone who works at Rainbow is pretty much eye candy. In my experience so far, too, that's kind of all they are. I've been waited on by a couple folks who knew what they were doing, but sometimes I have to ask a bartender multiple times for one drink. And I'm not saying this occured at a time when they were slammed, either. It's like they'd take your order, and by the time they got to the well, they forgot what it was they were there for. Still love ya, guys. *wink* I'll be patient.
Nevermind I was confused, wrong place.
located just off mill, in a mostly outside patio style bar, this place is pretty big and draws a decent-sized crowd on weekends - there may be a line if you go around 10 or 11, but i've found it goes pretty quick.

inside it's top 40s and a large dance area. or if you want to be around the action, but not bumping and grinding there are lots of tables on both the front and back patios. during prime times the bar can be a hassle, even though they have three.

prices are decent, and they have food that is traditional bar faire. they have pretty good drink specials during the week. i think i went in randomly on a tuesday night to get a meal with the roomie. we found out it was $3 shots and $2 drafts of whatever you want - literally- and we ended up way too drunk on jaeger bombs and bass for a tuesday night.

be warned - the front patio is slants severely, so sitting out there (especially after a few drinks) makes me dizzy.
I've only come here during the week to relax and have a few late night brews.  Good crowd, friendly attentive wait staff.  Looks I may want to avoid it should I find myself here on a weekend?
I work downtown and frequent The Tavern quite often for lunch.  They've recently expanded their food choices and I've tried a LOT from their menu and really have yet to disagree with anything I've eaten there.  All the food I've had is very good, which is why I return over and over again.

The employees are friendly and always more than willing to have a conversation.  The Tavern has a very cool local feel to it and there's a lot of regulars that consistently return.

On the weekends the line does get long but it's a great place to sit on the patio, and if you smoke (which I don't however) there's the back patio where you can still do that.
The Mill Avenue hidden gem is a hit with college students Thursday through Saturday where you're sure to see a large line to get in after 10 p.m. A DJ spins rock and hip hop jams while twentysomethings can be found bumpin' and grindin' on the dance floor. The Tavern also boasts two patios so those who are looking for a more mellow atmosphere. The highlight? The Tavern is one of a few bars in the Valley with a SoCo Lime machine , ensuring that you will get a kick ass premixed SoCo Lime shot.
One of the reasons to live in Arizona is to be able to go to patio bars practically year round.  If you are looking for a great patio bar go to the Tavern.  I love to day drink at the Tavern.
The Tavern is acceptable, but it's a hop and a skip from Rula Bula, where I can get a boxty with my Guinness, or Cafe Boa where I can drink from one of those goofy Stella goblets with my pinky extended.  I come here with friends really.  This is not "my  place."  They do however have these awesome aluminum shelves that rest just above the urinals which I'm sure would be a delightful place to snort your coke from.  I'll give it a star just for that! One time, a friend of mine decided that for her birthday she would moon everyone who came to hang out with her.  She wasn't kicked out, so hey, that has to be worth something right?
The Tavern is typically the place that i would want to see DIAF, but in this case, its dankness kind of works.  Granted, I treat this place like the "Titty Twister" in From Dusk Til Dawn, and bail before sundown so as not to get devoured by the ASU dweebs or the kickball bufties lest I become part of their Lost Boys Chav Cru.  However, they have a pretty dope patio (because more and more, its about the smoking than the drinking, *sigh*), on point servers, modestly priced beer, and good tellies.

Also, for a place that seems like would serve muledick in a tortilla and try to pass it off as beef brisket, they have a surprisingly tasty menu.
Scene: 
Who? Best friend and I -starving
What? Walking around Tempe for the first time since her recent move to Arizona and my first walk through Tempe-starving
Where? Mill ave -starving
When? Sunday, mothers day (our mothers are in Michigan..)-starving
Why? I just got done with a hike and morning yoga and the nutrients of my am apple had warn off- STARVING

We came across The Tavern On Mill and thought it looked like an easy spot where we could both find something delicious.  I was kind of craving more of a brunch and was excited to see that breakfast was on the menu!  Sadly, it was 12:15 and breakfast stopped being served 15 minutes ago (what no more eggs in the back?).  They did have a breakfast buffet (aren't we at a bar?) but I was not ready to adventure inside to the mystery foods in tin pans.  
We started with chips and chili queso which was very sub par and resembled something you could find down isle 9 with the other jars of cheese whiz.I.   settled for a grilled buffalo chicken salad and my favorite pal went with the ma hi wrap.  We both loved our meal and the service was awesome!   I loved the waitress and loved the patio.  Seemed like a great spot to have a beer and relax but I think I will try other places before returning right away.
So the Tavern isn't "my place", but I am giving it four stars for the following:

1) The patio 
2) Our server - it was the best service I've ever received at a bar, hands down
3) They have Leinenkugels on tap!

I really enjoyed myself while I was there.  It's not my favorite bar on Mill, but it's a decent place to meet up with people and have a chill few hours - at least on the patio.
what a cool bar!!!  Even if you are not a smoker, you have to enjoy your drinks on their patio at the back of the bar.  Its so romantic with the vines, trees and lights!   Not to worry because if you pick the corner tables, nobody is blowing smoke in your face!  The appetizers are de-licious (my faves are the Southwest Chipotle Rolls and Onions Rings) and they have the most amazing Long Island Ice Tea.  Its very smooth - not strong at all.  Don't forget to try their Sex Wax drink - Unbelievable!
This is probably one of my favorite Tempe bars to go to, and I like it for a variety of reasons.  First off, I have yet to have a terrible server here, and even when the place has been packed it's a rarity that my beer reaches empty before they come around asking me and the table if they need anything else.  Secondly, the food here is pretty good as well.  Great apps, solid "Mexican" offerings, and I always love a bar that has breakfast.  I've ridden my bike here on a Sunday morning to enjoy their breakfast burrito and I have not been disappointed.

The crowd here is always a variety from all walks of life, which I truly enjoy.  Their front patio is great since you get some great people watching opportunities, but you can't smoke there.  For the smokers, the back patio is a great option.  Very big and open and full of people hanging out enjoying the outdoors.

They have different specials each night, and the beer and a shot option for just $5 is a great way to kick the night off with a bang.  They also have plenty of TVs to watch the game, clean bathrooms, surprisingly nice "bouncer"/ID checkers, and plenty of beer options to keep even the biggest of beer snobs happy.  My advice to you is to drink away at the Tavern.  You won't be disappointed.
We took my brother-in-law who was visiting to Mill Avenue on 4th of July and ended up the Tavern on Mill since we thought it would be more fun for him, compared to some other places on Mill. There was no cover and only waited about two minutes in a small line to get in a little before 10 pm.

We wanted some bar food but unfortunately the kitchen closes at 10 and since we only arrived a few minutes before that, we were out of luck. The bartender was really nice though and did bring us out chips and salsa, which was sweet. Apparently you can go to the sub shop across the way and bring back food if you are really hungry. We started out sitting on the back patio which got pretty crowded by midnight and I almost had to fight some people who wanted to take my husband's chair while he was at the bar getting more drinks. We moved inside later in the evening to the dance floor which is a pretty decent size, but in an awkward spot because it's literally right when you walk in. The music was rap/hip hop which suited us just fine. 

The Tavern on Mill gets 3 stars alone just because it is people watching heaven. I've never seen so much Ed Hardy and/or Ed Hardy knockoffs in one spot and seeing all of the guys that evening make me very glad that a) I am not single and b) I am not in college anymore. We witnessed a fight inside on the dance floor between two trashy chicks which was sweet.

Overall, an OK place, but not our first, second, or even fourth choice of places to hit up when we want a night out on Mill.
You can find me here on Sundays

This is one the best bars in the area for Sunday Football. Once Sunday hits I just want to sit back, enjoy a couple beers, and a couple good games. Well, this is the perfect spot for all of these. 

Sunday is a special day for all those people that want to get out and enjoy some good food and drinks, and hopefully some good games. The Tavern does an awesome Sunday Brunch. You can come down, enjoy the company of fans from different teams, enjoy a full out feast, buffet style, with everything.

Along with all of the delicious food laid out, there is a open bloody mary bar. Ya I know, me too. Perfect for anyone who loves to make their own they way they want it. Just ask the bartender for your favorite vodka, (Absolut Peppar, its really spicy!) and make your way to the table with everything from tomato juice to celery salt. 

There food normally is really good, and they always have great specials during the week, just make sure to ask. 

Tuesday: $2 mexican beers, and beer and a taco for $5

Wednesday(best one) Two-for: Any choice of beer, with any choice of shot for $5!!

Recommend stopping in during the weekday nights or the weekend days if you want to enjoy yourself without too many people, otherwise, Friday and Saturday nights are a great night to go out and dance.

BTW, their house wine is Jagermiester
The Tavern is one of the few places on Mill that's just as good during the day as it is at night. During the day, they have some good grub- I've enjoyed eating lunch there many times (grilled chicken sandwich... nom nom). The service is great and the managers have even come over to the table to say hi. 

At night (or before an ASU football game), The Tavern is a great place to party. They have patios so you can be outside and the tunes are playing which usually gets a nice group going on the dance floor.
The Tavern on Mill is my kind of low rent.  We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon, as this midwesterner was looking for a place to watch an obscure basketball game.  You could still smell the stale beer from the night before and the staff was doing what looked like their yearly cleaning job.  Fortunately I don't get squeemish when I ponder such things.

The staff was helpful - they found the game I wanted and turned the TV right in front of us right to it.  The food we ordered was standard bar fare, but on the 'done right' end of that sort of thing. Decent beer selection, nice sunday specials (bloody marys and mimosas) I could see nursing a hangover here.

Now I will concede that I'm an old man and I'm sure this place is lousy with college kids on a Saturday night which could drop a star from this review faster than you can say body glitter.  But what it does it does well, which should be the goal of any bar.
I can't hate on The Tavern.  Even though I'm not a huge fan of Mill Ave and I'm even less of a fan of ASU kid-infested bars, somehow the Tavern has quickly become my go-to March Madness bar over the last week.

It's got over 40 TVs, the majority of which are all HI-def flat screens, and every sports package you could ask for, which kicks ass.

What makes The Tavern better than any other sports bar with similar characteristics? The food!!!

Believe it or not, The Tavern's food doesn't make me want to puke, which is a definite plus!! They serve some of the best damn chicken fingers in the valley (extra crispy,) their mozzarella sticks are cheesy and delicious as is their buffalo chicken wrap. In the business of full disclosure, I went there with my boss last week and he absolutely detested his veggie burger, so I'd suggest staying clear of that.  I should also mention that he is the most difficult person to please when it comes to food but that is another story for another day...

I love that they turn their crappy music off for games, something I wish more sports bars in the valley would do, so we can actually hear the commentators.

I also love their big, spacious patio which enabled me to try and even out my ridiculous looking tan lines yesterday, while not missing a play of the game! And no, I am not evened out, now my back is even MORE sunburned if you can believe that! But again, not The Tavern's fault...

I have never been there at night to party with my whole aversion to the ASU kids thing, and yes, their drink specials could be a bit lower, but The Tavern is pretty top notch for game-viewing, beer-drinking, and relaxing on a Sunday afternoon...
I would rather have my hand slammed in a van door than have to go back to this place again.  I have lived in Tempe for years and just never made it into The Tavern on Mill, but today I made a special effort to give this place a shot, but I should have just gone to Rula Bula instead.  I ducked into the Tavern in the late afternoon, only to encounter a total lack of hospitality.  Two waitresses greeted me at separate points in the first few minutes I was there, both with questions that might as well have been, "What are you doing here?"  Both times I was slightly taken aback, and I replied sheepishly that I was there for lunch, as I felt like I had done something wrong by even walking through the door.  The waitress who was my actual server seemed to distain me for some unknown reason, and I felt that I needed to work to win her over and demonstrate to her that I was a good customer.  Then I realized that since I was the customer, wasn't she supposed to try to win me over by making me feel somewhat comfortable in this establishment.  Anyway, the bad/indifferent attitude of the wait staff conflicts with the mellow surfer decor of the bar.

I ordered a burrito, enchilada style, only to be told that they still had to make the enchilada sauce, and that I could queso sauce instead.  Not that big of deal.  Considering that I went on a Monday, which is happy hour all day, I initially was planning on having a couple of cheap beers, but when I was near the end of eating, the check was put in front of me, signaling that my meal was over.  I would only go back to this place if a friend dragged me there.
i had to take a crazy nursing class on mill ave two weekends in a row...i came, i saw, i wandered...i was somewhat disappointed...until i got to the tavern.  i was so impressed i came back two days in a row.

HOWEVER, wtf dude at the door?!  i was srsly INTERROGATED by this guy!  apparently i look nothing like my pic on my drivers license...i know, i know...i look like i'm still 16...but SRSLY?!  he asked my full name, date of birth and how old i was gonna be on my next birthday...then he carded my classmates who are in their 40s!!!  *sigh* apparently SOMEONE has trust issues...

anyway, day one, shared the appetizer sampler, which was tasty...the spinach artichoke dip was AWESOME.  day two, had the veggie wrap...super greasy, super cheesy, super packed with delicious veg...overall, super FREAKIN tasty!  wasn't too expensive, plus it's a great place to ppl watch if you sit on their patio.  got to see some srsly "cool kids"...yeah, it's hot to wear your pants around your knees, have holes in your ears big enuf to shove golf balls thru, ride your bike like a RETARD who tries to mow down pedestrians and...oh...yeah, be in your twenties and hang out with 14 year olds...yup...i'd do ya.
What a grimy little corner of Mill. I was with a dinner party of graduates and we were dressed formally...whoever chose to come here after Rula Bula must not have anticipated the constant stream of questioners grunting, "hey, why you dressed like that? wedding?"

The topper was being offered a shot by a group of 18-year-old boys to help them out. Sorry, I'll stay here with my husband and soberly contemplate the awful logo and--what's that there?--a pole with exposed nails fallen off from a wooden bench. If you dare come here, be sure your tetanus is up to date.
I literally would've married the Buffalo Chicken Wrap I just ate...f'ing perfection!

Hot, spicy, delicious bar food + free wifi = FAN FOR LIFE
When Georgie S. suggested the Tavern for lunch I was pretty skeptical. Bar food? Hmmm... I was impressed immediately when we walked in, the place was packed. All these people must come here for a reason right? Much to my delight it was Taco Tuesday! That's right, any taco on the menu for 2 bucks. I ordered the mahi mahi and the carnitas. They were both excellent; the carnitas had a nice smoky flavor. I left lunch 7 bucks lighter (cheap cheap)! 

I'm not usually a fan of sport bars but I will definitely be back for lunch.
Tour de Light Rail Pub Crawl, stop 1: I began the Tour de Light Rail pub crawl at this spot. I have been here before and had some good times, so I felt good starting here. I arrived, met the guy at the table and exchanged my $20 for the requisite t-shirt.  The bar was offering $3 domestic beers and $2 pirate rum drinks. I started with a pirate rum & coke. The bartender made a very good drink and the shirt allowed me to get up to the front of the line. The club started filling up, mostly in the back; up front was sparse and the front patio was empty. After 3 rum & cokes and a beer I decided it wouldn't be much of a crawl if I stayed in one spot. Plus the Tavern specials were all night long, where other places had specific hours. Time to move on to another location and take advantage of the deals. 

Later in the night, I wrapped up my Light Rail journey by coming back to the Tavern and having another domestic beer. The bar was packed then - the back room, the front room, back patio and front patio.
There is nothing I hate more than a snobby waitress who is inattentive in an EMPTY restaurant. There is no reason for this. I've been a waitress before, I know how it works.. you make around $3 an hour which means your living is made from your tips. Your job is to help me, and not be pissed off about it. So to the waitress in the tavern with the pink eye shadow, you should probably find a new job if you are going to continue on the path you are on. You were a bitch. (yeah I said it)

Anyway, I had the Club wrap.. it was whatever, not great but not shit, and I hated that it was served with tortilla chips instead of fries. I suppose I could have specified what I really wanted, or sent them back, but I had no idea I would get chips, of all things and anyway pink eyes would have probably thought this the biggest burden in the whole world.

Luckily, for them, I will probably go back. Its conveniently located near my office and everyone else seems to think its pretty great. You will have your chance to redeem yourself Tavern on Mill, but please don't disappoint.
Taco Tuesday was not made for me...they should try real tacos before naming theirs tacos. The deep fried cheesecake burrito is a mix of bland flavours, that won't satisfy your search for an original dessert.

Anyway, the good deal is the beer price and their patio. Tuesdays are also empty, so you can even get good attention. The unexpected? they have board games and even WII. "Still looking real tacos in Phx area".
Geesh...was waiting at the bar today with a twenty in hand ready to buy a beer behind a guy and the snotty bartender chick took care of him...ignored me, took care of another guy and then turned and headed to the outdoor bar to check on her customers out there, finally came back in 4 minutes 12 seconds later and then had to wait on me - i was the only one who needed a drink...she got my water and bottle of beer and then tossed the change on the bar without a word. I left her a dollar (half of what she would have gotten) cuz I didn't have a penny handy. Service on the patio was awful too except if you count the security guy trying to wrestle my almost-empty water glass from me.

I was a server all through HS and College and know what great marginal and su**y service is...and this was su**y to the max.

Friends joined me and we ordered nachos...four plates for the five of us, no setups.

stay away unless you want to deal with really bad service, obnoxious security guys and marginal food
I don't know how anyone could argue with a happy hour that goes til 9 o'clock. The wings were amazing and it was very refreshing to have a big draft beer out on the front patio. I don't get out much during the week, but I did see that they have daily specials that include $4 kettle one drinks/shots on thursday.

I only have one complaint that calls for the three star instead of a four:
-the beers seemed like they could've been much colder. I feel like it's really important for glasses to be ice cold as well as the beer. The glasses weren't even chilled and the beer itself was almost room temperature. I would let this slide if they were really busy (as stocking them would be difficult) but they weren't even close to being slammed. 

I will definitely go back to Tavern, and I would recommend it as one stop of the Mill Ave experience...
I've never had a bad meal at the Tavern.  Drinks are fantastic too!  I also would like to point out the fact it is REAL easy to get to from the light rail.  I will suggest that you may want to think twice about coming here when an event is going in around Tempe Lake, or ASU.  The service simply can not keep up.  Outside of an event though this is a great place to try.
My first experience to Tavern on Mill included ASU co-eds in tube tops dancing to Kanye West, so when a friend suggested we go there to watch a football game and get some food, I was skeptical. I had no idea that on weekdays and during the day on weekends it is an actual restaurant. 

Anyway, the service started slow but we moved tables and things picked up. My friends all took advantage of a Wednesday night happy hour special that included a beer and a shot for $5. We all sampled various appetizer including the tater tots, cheese curls, chicken fingers, and nachos. Everything looked good, smelled good, but the taste was sub par, even for bar food.

It was also hard to enjoy watching the football and basketball game there. The tvs are on but so is the music. 

The only upside was our bill. We were there for at least 2.5 hours and ordered lots of drinks and several appetizers, and yet our bill was VERY reasonable.

Whether people are dancing on the tables or eating on them, either way I would rather not return to Tavern on Mill.
I figured there would be a bunch of college chicks drinking beer here. There was not. They had Left Hand Stout on draft which is alright. Where the hell were all of the college girls? I didn't get to creep any of them out!
You removed the illustrious Buffalo Chicken Wrap from your menu?? Was it something I said? Did I do something wrong? Do you just hate me??

I went there for lunch a few weeks ago with Collin S. mouth salivating for my delicious Buffalo Chicken Wrap and what I found was a new menu. A menu rife with typos mind you. With one very important menu item missing. I felt like I was being simultaneously punked and sucker-punched. Damn you Tavern! It's a good thing your drinks are still cheap and you're right off the lightrail or we would've had some serious problems. Now put my damn sandwich back on the menu if you know what's good for you!!!
Went here on a guys get away weekend.This place was great. Lots of fun. Good music and a ton of beers on tap. 
I tried some import beers that I had never had before. Good size place. 
Great outside seating. The bartenders are great here, very quick with the drinks. Although it was a cold night and I asked the bartender to fix the heater and she never did. I didnot get any food. Now if they could just do something about the annoying girl who decided to sit next to us and tell her life story.
Usually a stop early in the night on Mill Avenue in Tempe

Love the street tacos .. Service is spot on most times depends how busy it is .. 
Go before 10 pm on weekends = calm bar ,sports or music videos. playing..After then they take the tables away inside and it is booty shakin with horny college kids with flipped up collars trying to score.

Frequent vendor giva-ways with stuff you may not have tried before..
Okay,so I absolutely DESPISE Mill Ave and all it's trappings and frat boy mentality.
If it weren't for taking part in the fabulous Brides of March event,I would be no where near Mill.
After a stroll through the Aloha Festival at Tempe Town Lake,the Brides' first bar stop was The Tavern.
The place was certainly roomy enough with a good amount of inside and outside seating options.
I wasn't expecting much,and was very pleasantly surprised that even though we took the place by volume,the staff was very  friendly and well prepared.
Our server was right there and extremely efficient with our drinks and food order.
We had a big tasty plate of nachos that served 3 of us well.
When I got the bill,I was expecting it to be a bit more but was pleasantly surprised and added some more to the tip.
If I ever find myself back in the area,I would not hesitate to go back to The Tavern.
I used to hit the Tavern up pretty much every time I was on Mill, but looking back I'm not really sure why.  It's not terrible, don't get me wrong, it's just that for almost every purpose there is a better spot to go.  Patio, dance floor, strength of cocktails, and interesting people - within one mile you can find a place that will suit you better.  

The thing that's nice about the Tavern is that it's generally less crowded than everything else along the ASU party corridor.  It's also located right off the light rail which is really convenient for jumping off and grabbing a quick drink.

The back patio is cool, but gets PACKED so it can be tough to find a spot to sit and chill, and the front patio has so many smokers that you feel like you might as well just start smoking yourself and at least get a buzz on.

Meh - go here if you have a big group of friends going but not worth it without good people.
If I had to recommend a Mill Ave staple, a must to try and visit at least once on a night out on Mill Ave, I would say the Tavern. It's interesting how this place has progressed from just another bar on the Mill circuit to one of the best spots. For me, there are only five places I'll go to on Mill and this is one of them. Usually it's the last stop on a night out since it's at the end of the Mill Ave strip and after doing the bar crawl and having a few drinks in your system this is place to drink some more and get your dance on. It has one of the larger dance floors among the bars on Mill, and with two large bars and lines outside and two patios this is a big enough place for alot of people. And what's not to love about this place that there's no cover, drinks are cheap, and the music is danceable, and it's Mill Ave so there's no real dress code. Btw, I was intro'd to the Tic Tac shot here at the Tavern, which I must say is the yummiest shot ever. So yay to college coeds, and fun times at the Tavern, a Mill Ave must!
Tater tots! And I get to take my doggie to the outdoor patio. And there are beer buckets. EEEE!
You can bring dogs, but not tank tops. 

Let me explain.  

Five friends go to The Tavern On Mill.  One male friend is in a tank top.  Why not?  It's Mill, it's warm outside and he has nice arms.  Plus, it's Mill.  A bouncer comes up to us and explains that his tank violates the dress code, so I literally take off my top and give it to him.  There, he has sleeves.  Note, and just to be clear, I had a cami on underneath so I was not exposed.  The bouncer seemed highly amused and told us it was okay with him as long as my friend kept my shirt on.  Yay, success... or so we thought.  

The bouncer at the door, having seen this whole episode, would still not let us in.  Note to bouncer: Your boss should fire your ass for being a Barney Fife douche.  We were obviously a fun group and our clothes swapping took some guts/ingenuity.  That should have been enough to make a small exception this time.  I mean, you let dogs in!  They shit on the floor for god's sake.  They hump your leg and bite people when intimidated, all things tank top wearing human beings do not do.  Also, this is Tempe (a college town) and your name is The Tavern.  A word that derives from the Latin  taberna  and the Greek taverna, whose original meaning was a shed  or workshop.  Give me a fucking break!  You're not a club, you're a casual bar.  

I happened to mention to one of the bouncers that I never expected this sort of thing in Tempe and he told me to go back to Scottsdale!  What an asshole.  I was nice about it all and that comment was really unnecessary.  

The only other time I've been to The Tavern On Mill was during a pub crawl and I only stayed long enough for one drink.  Too bad I will never be back because the bouncers are such jerks and I refuse to hang out at places that lack personality.  I mean, who would have guessed a place that hosted a graffiti pub crawl where people wrote things on each others shirts like "help me find my clitoris" would have such a strict dress code?   

Minus one star for being assholes.  Two stars out of pity because I love dogs and because if the owner lets dogs in I am going to assume he is not as much of a jerk as his bouncers.
Good place to go for day drinking. The Tavern is hit or miss at night but, I always have a good time and when I make my way to Mill I always have to make a stop. 

Side note :Don't order draft beer here in the summer, the system goes through the roof and the beer is hot and nasty
A good place for a Mill Avenue bar.  I enjoy it more when there are games on, and it's a sports bar.  A ton of TV's hang on the wall, with plenty of options of what to watch.  It's been more than a year since I've eaten here, but I remember thinking the food was alright.

But somewhere around 10pm, they make a transformation and the place becomes more of a club.  By that, I mean they forced everyone out of the tables, and clear the way for the "dance floor."  Once that happens, I'm reminded that I'm just getting too old for the Mill crowd.

I went on Saturday night for a goodbye party for a friend.  I enjoyed my time at the Tavern.  If someone said they were hitting it up and I had nothing better to do, I'd go back with no complaints.  But I wouldn't have a need to head back to this bar.
Regular run of the mill place.  Sufficient enough for the co-eds that run this street.  Was surprised that they didn't offer any taco or enchilada dinners, everything was just a la carte.  Drink special were reasonable.  Staff courteous.  

I have nothing against homeless people, but the parking lot is crawling with beggers.  If you aren't happy with your meal, feed them!
This is one of my favorite bars in Tempe, or rather, it's my favorite bar near Mill Avenue. The food here is tasty, the service has always been friendly, even the bouncers that garner so many complaints. The only people complaining about the bouncers are drunken frat boy types who can't hold their liquor and become beligerent. 

I've never been here on peak times, always on weekday nights or early on the weekends. Everyone I've taken there has had a great time, and they constantly do great food and drink specials. I perticularly love their Taco Tuesday, where you can select any taco for $2 and get $2 mexican beers. Much tastier and larger portions than Cien Agaves.
I have always found the tavern to be a good place to grab a cold one and share some conversation with your friends.  Recently they put together a bicycle bar crawl which I took part in, and had a great time.  They have all the sporting events, including UFC fights and all the NFL games.
Need some bar food, a hearty drink, good company & a terrific college atmosphere ? This place is for you.
Been here twice for happy hour during spring trainingg.  Good little spot off Mill.  Get the tater tots w/ cheese and bacon, its huge.
Another one of my favorite spots, this place is awesome for pregame with $3 Blue Moons and $4.50 well drinks -- which was a shock to me the first time I went (See my MacFadden's Review). Becomes a club scene late at night, but the music isn't bad and the crowd is pretty cool. This place almost always frequents large group/clubs so its always fun to see them make dance circles.
their wings are awesome!
2 lbs gives you 4 choices of flavor...and it's enough wings to feed four! we didn't even finish them! they were packed with flavor and drenched in their sauces. finger licking good!  

we had the hot and sticky habanero - which was more sweet than spicy.. 
kinda weird looking as it was green but good. 
we were recommended to try the joey style.. it was decent , more of a tangy flavor.. and at a wing place there's always something super hot.. 
so we tried their Thermo-Nuclear homemade sauce...it was hot! .. but apparently one of the guys I was with enters in these crazy hot wing eating competitions.. and he said it wasn't that hot.. go figure!..
and last but not least we tried the honey bbq glaze.. that was my favorite. a bit sweet but oh sooooo good! 
if i'm ever in the area again I'll be stopping by.
happy hour 5-9p with 1/2 off apps and $1 off drinks, woop dee do. other daily specials but nothing groundbreaking. 

some of their wings are TERRIBLE. stay away from the hot and sticky habanero, its near vomit-inducing. other wings are mediocre at best. i felt bad giving my leftovers to a dirty starving bum kid.
For some reason this reminds me a bit of Dukes in Waikiki. Food is OK, not bad, not good either. Service is OK, not bad, not good. The best part about this place is that they don't have a cover and its easy to get into. Its good for a beer on a pub crawl or to sober up for a couple of hours b4 2am. One of my coworkers literally drops $100's here per week and I don't think hes ever gotten a free beer. I think that says something about the place.
The bar is so-so, but the entertainment on Monday night is awesome!  The Collin Freestone Band makes the bar worth going to!
We stop here a drink occasionally and usually sit outside under the misters, and away from the dance floor inside, but Fri was the 1st time Ive actually eaten here.

I was pleasently surprised. I figured "bar food is always good", but my chicken fajita wrap was great.

Throw in some smothered tots for extra deliciousness.
The food here is definitely a two and the bar at night is probably up to a three sometimes but usually a two.  I've never seen a good crowd of people in here and even with few customers service can be slow at times.  They do have some decent sized TV's to watch sports on and sometimes it seems to be majority female in here so it is worth popping in for one beer every now and then.
The Tavern on Mill is an average sports bar with cheap drinks and we come here to watch UFC fights because they don't charge a cover. We always leave when the fights end because there are better nightlife options in the area.
I loved this place when I was in college. Now as a young professional I love coming in here to watch football and have a couple beverages. One thing it is for sure a Chargers bar which gets interesting when I'm trying to watch my Giants but the food is awesome (Loaded Tater Tots) and at a good price. Give it a try if you are on Mill and don't want to do a dance club like myself. Make sure you bring your I.D. and even though I'm getting quite a few years away from 21 they examine it hardcore.
San Diego Chargers bar on Sundays.  Good wings, and other food in general.  Good bar to watch sports or UFC fights.
I went here today with my husband and a friend before watching the Ironman race...it was a great location.  Since it was a beautiful day it was perfect to sit out front and hang out.  We got a table right away and the waitress was nice.  The best part about this place is the DIY bloody mary bar!!  I didn't realize until we got our bill that the bloody marys were only $4/each...so worth it!  We had breakfast and we all felt that it was mediocre....nothing that I would crave again.  I would go back but maybe try their lunch menu instead of breakfast...
Tons of TV's & a good menu of bar food. We went here to watch a NW college football game and eat/drink before the Territorial Cup at ASU. The draft beer selection is just okay but there are a ton of TV's so you can get whatever game you want on a conveniently placed screen. As a California native I'm always a little weirded out by bars imitating a California beach bar outside of California, like Tavern on Mill, but at least this bar supports the Chargers. The crowd at the bar seemed full of tools & bro ho's but I'm not sure if that's the bar or if that's just the ASU football game crowd. The place was practically empty when we got there around 1 pm but completely full by 5:30 (7:30 ASU-AZ game). I had:

- Spicy Caesar Salad: Decently fresh but rather small. The menu doesn't say it but the salad comes with a mini quesadilla which was a nice addition. I thought the dressing was yucky and would recommend just using some salsa instead.
- Taco: I subbed black beans in for the meat and overall it was a good taco. Nothing special but not bad either. It comes with unremarkable chips,
- Mozzarella Sticks: Normal mozzarella sticks with good marinara sauce. If you're looking for an app to share I would recommend the nachos instead.
- Tater Tots: Love bars that have tater tots because they are never bad.
The smoke comes in from the patio from all the smokers. The food is pretty good, the beers are a bit over priced.
I been going to Tavern on Mill for 7 years now and whether it is for lunch, happy hour, or late night I always have a great time. Their cheap drinks are a huge plus, and I am a big fan of their burritos... get it wet!
The bars on Mill Ave remind me of Pacific Beach (PB) in San Diego... obnoxious college-aged drunkards, scantily dressed females, and lack of common decency. 

While I only stopped in for my green beer on St. Patty's Day, I am basing this review on the 15 minutes while I was there. Of course, it was crazy and crowded. This establishment is actually pretty big with an outdoor patio in the front and the back. My friends and I stopped by the bar first. I wanted to feel young again so I made my friends take shots with me then chase it down with our green beers. It was nice knowing that I could get drunk and not have to worry about getting back to the hotel safely. We were taking the light rail, after all.

So after we take our shots, we take our beers to the back patio. As I was walking over there, of course some guy backs up into me and spills my green beer all over me. He was pretty apologetic and I'm not one to make a hissy fit about things so I told him it was okay. His friend even offered to buy me another beer. It wasn't green though which kinda bummed me out. 

The Tavern is a cool, casual bar. It might even be the same Tavern that's on Garnet in PB. Kinda looks like they have the same logo. Just know you'll be hanging out around college kids.
Had the bacon burger and it was huge and  very good. The fries were good to with the cheese on them. The waitress was very prompt. This burger seemed to tower above all else. Another person next to us ordered a burger and he had to smash it down to try to get it in his mouth. There burgers are very, very good. Just the presentation scares you.
It's a Bar.  Technically that should sum it up, but because that may mean different things to different people, I will elaborate. There is nothing stellar about The Tavern, but it's nice.  It's the sort of place you end up at, but you don't necessarily regret.  I've never eaten the food here, so I can't comment on that, but It's not a destination for food in my opinion.  It's a college bar, but a bit more upscale.  It's not a trashy dive.  They have a nice large outdoor patio area as well as the bar and dancefloor area.
I always have a great time when I'm here! The staff is incredible and the food is Amazing! Best chicken wings in Tempe indeed
I was at this bar and grill with my friend 4/28/12 afternoon.  I got the $11.50 Bamburger with fries and shared a $9 1 pound honey BBQ wings with my friend. The Burger is massive, it was hot and fresh. But it was not juicy, a bit dry in my opinion. The Wings are okay but not great. Maybe because it's honey BBQ. Next time i will try the spicy BBQ wings.

 So i used a 20% off entertainment coupon at checkout. left a $5 tip.

 The Two bouncers i seen walking around the bar did not look like a typical bouncer. One looked like a Jamaican high on weed and the other looked like a taller version of Shaggy from Scooby doo show.

A few days later i checked my account and found out that my card was overcharged by $3.20. then on Tuesday i checked again and it was down from $3.20 to $1 overcharged. 

I called this bar and grill and talked to a manager. He refunded my $1.  

If you use your card at this business, check your account to make sure they don't overcharge you. Use cash instead. Maybe the servers are giving themselves a larger tip and betting that you will not check your account to see the overcharge.

If i did go back to this bar & grill i would only bring cash to avoid being overcharged again.
DJ face us attentive service even during a busy bar night, UFC, our large group of 18, and other big groups. I won't expect good service in a bar like this on a night like this, but THANK YOU!
The drinks and the service at Tavern were just fine.  They had a decent drink special.  But I couldn't really stay too long because it was so freakin hot in there.  We stayed for a little while and moved on to the next place.
Used to be one of my favorites. Now I'm consistently let down by the services. I avoid this bar at all costs now.
Stay away. Rude people.  They changed the game I was watching and no apology.  They were rude. I went down the street to the firehouse and was treated as a customer should be.  To the Tavern mgmt - customers have a choice.  Train your staff to treat people with respect!
With over 7,000 square feet of bar, restaurant, and patio space this is the ideal place for Monday night football or UFC on a Saturday.

There are nearly three dozen TVS situated throughout the space, so wherever you are sitting you will have a good vantage point.

There are misted patios in the front and back of the tavern.  

A Full menu of bar food is available, including bar noshes such as the mini corn dogs, tater tots, nachos, and smoked BBQ ribs. You will also find wings, burgers, wraps, sandwiches, pizzas, and tacos.  On the weekends you can enjoy a full breakfast there ranging from build your own omelettes to breakfast bowls of egg whites, spinach, avocado, mushrooms, and seasoned potatoes.

There are at least a half dozen beers on tap ranging from mild IPA's to a milk stout.  

Enjoy a 22oz. draft on Mondays for only $3.

There are daily specials as well as a daily happy hour Mon-Thurs that goes 4-7, and Friday from 4p-8p.  1/2 off select appetizers and $3 wings.

Basically, The Tavern is a good sports bar, offering all of the bar food and beer a sports fan can love - I was impressed by how friendly and fast the service was, despite being there on a Monday Night Football day.
Great Sunday morning service and lots of tv's in this Chargers fan fave bar. Clean, friendly, and great bar specials. Breakfast flatbread to die for.. Do not miss this. Everything on the menu was actually very tasty except for the chicken fried chicken. Sorry. I would come back for sure, and hey... It will be sooner rather than later. Yummy food, great service, good bar specials, and clean!!!
During a recent trip to Tempe where I joined friends at numerous bars at Mill Ave. over a fun-filled, party weekend where the beer was flowing like wine; this was the place I had the best time at! It was here where beautiful women instinctively flocked like the salmon of Capistrano unlike other bars on Mill. On Saturday night, the dance floor was "poppin' off" and the music was "pumpin' loudly!" You never can really trust the opinion of a bar from an out-of-towner who's only been once so take mine for what it's worth, but I will say I'll be sure to have a few drinks here next time I'm in town! Also, I left my debit card open at the bar and they day staff the next day was very courteous when I called them from a different state asking if they could properly shred and discard it for me. #BonusPoints
When your burger arrives with a giant steak knife pierced through it, you sorta know the kitchen is serious about its food or trying to me. The great bartender whose name escapes me now said this place changed their menu and is using better quality ingredients. I popped in to watch some of the MNF game and Cardinals fans were clearly lacking here as usual. Happy hour pricing was fair with 1/2 price craft beers and some appetizers were on special, but not the ones I desired. The prices are probably a few bucks overpriced, but I keep forgetting that Mill Ave is at fault with its high rents in a college town. So, I ordered the $10.50 Classic burger with grilled onions and american cheese and secret sauce. It was a solid burger, cooked well done on the first try and huge and no, I did not use the giant knife to cut my burger in half. I'm a purist in that regard, kind of like when I see somebody using a knife/fork to eat a slice of pizza - cringeworthy.
   Forgot to mention the Onion rings - they are beer battered, crispy and a great choice as a side dish (see pic).
I love the Tavern. It's a fun beach bar in the middle of the desert. They have good drink specials and I love their chicken sandwich with tots. Yum! They never or rarely charge a cover. Been a fan for years!
If I had written this review prior to an incident in September it would easily be 4 stars.

The bar tenders were awesome.  One night I was carrying around a largeish trophy (Why because I own one).  I put it on the bar to order beer and they asked me if I wanted a glass or if I wanted them to put it in the trophy.  Yes, yes I did (although they did have to pour the drink into the glass first cause the trophy was to big to properly fit under the tap).  This might not be a big deal to some, but since I've been kicked out of bars for drinking out of said trophy before and that was the first time I've ever had a bar tender be so cool about it.  Every time I've been hear the bar staff has rocked even when they are extremely busy.

Food.  I think I've eaten here once, so I'm not going to comment on it.  However I have been here when they switch from neighborhood bar mode to dance bar mode.  If you are at a table still eating at that time they have no hesitation moving your table out of the way, if you're lucky they will tell you about it before hand.

It's a good place for watching football/UFC/etc.  Could maybe use some more TV's.  Music is nothing outstanding, it's your typical dance/top 40's/etc that you would expect at any college dance bar.  Since the crowd often is college/recent grads, it fits the bar nicely.

I don't normally include bouncers in my reviews, but after what I saw the last time I was there, it's affected my opinion of the place and is the reason the place is only getting 2 stars.  If you are kicking someone out and the are leaving peacefully, there is no reason to put your hands on him, other than maybe to keep him from falling over the place.  So when I see a bouncer aggressively pushing a guy who has thrown up his hands in surrender, and in the process the bouncer knocks over a girl who has done nothing wrong, that's just not cool.  Maybe it's just me but I would think someone who works for the bar should be picking her up off the ground instead of nearly trampling her to help the bouncer who put her there while throwing out someone who is giving them no resistence on his way out.
I have been to this place several times over years for late night drinks. Never been to this place for food though. One of our friends had a groupon to this place and it was expiring, so decided to go here for some food Finally. The groupon came with 6 beer sampler for 2 and an appetizer. The beers were ok, it's generally the ones they have on tap. I thu j she got chicken tenders, she says they were really dry & not so good. I liked one of their side sauces- sriracha garlic sauce! Outta the world. The friends we were with got the 20 wings I believe, they got it in different wing sauces! The one that stood out was PB&J (?). Check pics for pix of their food. That's right you havta try these 2 different sauces! The ambience and servers were good. The food was worth about 3 stars. The price was lil more expensive than regular sit down bar food.
Yummy bloody mary's, lots of tvs to watch sports, and waitresses for the boys to stare at, if you get my drift.  The food is decent but not amazing, and the space is big.  I'd go here again the next time i'm in town, but probably only to watch a game and have drinks.
SPRING TRAINING REVIEW:

The Tavern on Mill has been very, very good to me.

Early buzz? Very few bars/restaurants open early during Spring Training. Specifically 9am on weekends. UPDATE: 10:30am. WHOA!!!! Not cool...oh well. Open at 11am on weekdays. Breakfast served on weekends only.

They offer patio seating outside with plenty of seating inside. A few umbrellas are available on the patio... if you have sun allergies. [removed joke about Sun Devil's]

Music (MTV CLASSICS) is kinda cheesy, but it's ok. UPDATE: Today, I heard a set from the current decade.

The Tavern has always provided friendly service...even cooking breakfast on a weekday for my needy girlfriend.
Off-putting during the day. 

We sat on the northern-most patio and there's something about the sunlight reflecting off of the tall glass building behind us that not only cast an odd glow on everything, but made the place seem really off-putting and annoying. The music was horrible, anything from Huey Lewis & some random song from 1992 that I never heard of to a Rihanna & Maroon 5 duo- it was all over the board and didn't make any sense - like maybe the theme was bottom 50 songs from the charts over the last 20 years, maybe (odder still, there were music videos in the background)?

The food was ok, but a little strange, too. A burger w...bacon (yes), crazy mayo (sure!), avocado (heck yeah) and... mushrooms (why???) but no cheese...mmmmmmm, k? Meh food. Service was totally fine, although the poor girl kept tripping and I don't want to sound nuts, but I think it was because of the crazy reflection from the building next door that caused her to lose her balance. 

This place just seemed totally strange (like a mylar balloon stuck in the ceiling fan going around and around and around, 2.5 foot home made plywood boxes that I couldn't figure out the purpose of, sun-bleached fake plants on the patio, dumb music, some guy who was setting up the rear bar, while he chowed down on the same lunch I ordered, tripping waitress, sweet potato tots made of regular potatoes, small bugs floating through the air and landing on everything...)

As I said, it was just off-putting, although I can't put my finger on it.
This review is about 2 months late, but just knowing that I kept this place in mind means something.  So,  let me start by saying "this place is horrible".  A group of friends and I went here before the Arizona/ASU basketball game.  Now, knowing that the 2 schools are rivals, you would think that it would be a big turn out.  Well,  it was.  Apparently, The Tavern didn't bother staffing for it.  The place was packed.  There were only a handful of servers.  Our server was in no hurry to help us.  Our friend waited over an hour for his food and he only got his food after telling the bartender.  Also, many drinks were dying while they sat at the bar, so we just walked up and grabbed ours.  When we asked for the check, it took her at least 20 minutes to drop it off and it was all wrong.  There was another tables food and drink on it.  We told our server and she "corrected it".  Except, she didn't.  It was still wrong.  So, we did it ourselves and left her the exact amount of what we owed.  I'm a server myself, so I know how things go.  Worst place ever.
One of the best Cobb salads I've had in quite awhile! A little pricey for lunch, but it was delicious. Love that they have honey mustard dressing too.
Great food, poor service! My coworker and I stopped by here for the first time quite by accident, and I purposely  will  not be in any hurry to return. The place was almost empty , I  thought we'd be in and out and treated with great service since there were very few customers, WRONG! Our waitress was more interested in socializing and sitting with the bar staff while eating her own lunch than waiting on our table. We did ask for a few minutes,which she must have translated into take your sweet time, we have all day. I asked what the special was a was answered with a vague rude response. ..
The food I did order was really good but I only had the chance to eat a few warm bites before having to take it to go....which came with a to go box and a bad attitude  ... the good food does count,  but bad service sometimes is remembered  more!
Nice patio, off the main drag, not over crowded. Good beer selection.
Good wings and a hell of a margarita surprisingly.
This place is all right. They have an excellent set up for NFL football on Sundays during the season. TVs everywhere and a crowd that is mixed enough that everyone is rooting with someone (or against them). They do a breakfast buffet that is really good and pretty reasonable. 

They have a card program where you get stamps for consecutive weeks of attendance during the season. It was pretty cool the first time, the second time I had to argue with the manager for my final reward ($25 gift card) and he jipped me on $5. That left a bad taste in my mouth...

Other than NFL Sundays the bar is just kind of tolerable. You must be able to handle the really young crowd getting sick and into fights. If you have any experience at bars you will probably find it annoying.
One of the few places on Mill I can tolerate anymore. The service is pretty quick at the bar, they don't gouge you as much as the other bars in the area, and it's usually full enough to feel lively while still allowing enough personal space to breathe.

Not my first choice, but I don't mind stopping in for a few.
Not a bad spot, just not the greatest
Love this place for Sunday morning NFL breakfast. Thanks for bringing it back this year. Service here is phenomenal and the food was delicious. Loved the 'surfer special' with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and chocolate chip pancakes. Those pancakes are amazing. Our waitress was super attentive and helpful, and the bus service was extremely capable. Our entire party of 11 had a terrific time. Bloody Mary bar is every bit as good as it was last year, maybe better. And the mimosas are lovely too. Great vibe and excellent prices too. Thanks... see you again!!
I've gone here for a few years. I stop by even if it is not all that busy. Staff is generally nice and quick at the bar. Drinks are tasty and you can act like a fool on the dance floor if you want (I do). The place behind it (now a country bar) definitely overshadows this place. But hey, it is a cluster-f over there and if you want to just relax, chat, and have a few drinks without all the crazy loudnes then this is a good option. Plus, you get to have front-row seats watching all the drunks stumble out (sometimes that is me!).
Being a San Diego transplant, I was stoked to find a Charger bar in Tempe!  TVs everywhere, the sound on for the Bolts game, and a pretty good bloody mary bar.  I love a sports bar that has breakfast items too.
Cheap beer, plenty of space, live DJ, and every NFL game on separate screen on Sundays!

Probably one of the more underrated bars on Mill (well, technically it's 30 yards off from Mill) and I don't understand how this place gets a smaller crowd than the testy Vintage or slimy Rooftop. But hey, I'd be kicking myself if this place started getting crowded and I had to wait in line for it! :D
So I've only been to this place once. My 21st Birthday was on a Tuesday so I figured I would want to go somewhere a little more laid back and had no intentions on bar hopping or anything like that. 

The enviornment was great, had a small band playing and the bartenders were super nice. Also they were out to get me wrecked! The bartender started me off with his own version of a Running Naked, which contained 8 shots worth of rum, triple sec, vodka, gin, raspberry liquor, and topped off with Blue Moon. So along with that, a double shot of Liquid Marijuana, a double shot of Patron Tequila, and 4 beers later, needless to say I was definitely hammered. Not obnoxious and the staff was always very friendly and celebratory! Made sure to leave a nice tip for the Bartender. 

Definitely need to visit again soon and see if I can bump this up to 5 stars!
Been noticing everything seems to be overly spicy. Had the Lettuce wraps and they were dull chicken bites that were overly spicy. Wasn't that good at all. The sports tv commercial were so loud it was hard to talk above them
Always love watching the fight at this place, good atmosphere. Can't give a food rating, didn't eat. But I sure hope they have good food now that it's under new management.
Just cool. cold beer, live music and good food
Cheap food and drink. Again, cheap food and drink, so don't expect much. Nachos come out too soggy and staff can be really slow and forgetful.
Sunday night in need of a beverage and a snack
Waitress suggested pretzels.  Home run, warm and fantabulous with the cheese and mustard being wonderful as well.
Hidden spot in Old Town. Opens doors early so if you're on vacation, never fear of starting to have a drink early on the upstairs patio overlooking a fountain, a pathway, and Old Town. This is a place for people watching and catching some rays.
This place just changed owners. The new owners are younger and want to make it a better place to hangout.  You will see some cool changes coming! But some of the great stuff will stay.... Like Taco Tuesday..Any taco for $2.50.  Try the Shrimp Taco! It is fantastic!  They also have a great fish taco.  If you like bold and spicy, go for a buffalo chicken style taco with bleu cheese crumbles! You won't regret it. Grab a Modelo with these on Tuesday.  Oh, and did I mention..ITS ALL DAY!!! NOT JUST HAPPY HOUR!!!!

Want a little comfort food on a Thursday..try the Grilled Cheese. I think it was like $3.00!

Jamie is a great gal bartender.  Nathan has an easy ear to bend.  The front patio is very casual and nice. Out back on the patio I saw some folks playing 'cornhole'. I hate that name for bean bags, but I guess many people call it that.

Sit at the bar and you will have plenty of TV's to look at...In fact it doesn't really matter where you sit... there is always a TV to see in this place.
The Tavern On Mill tucked away nicely into one of Mill's culd de sac's. It is one of the original bars that has been there for over nine years! Many of the places on mill can only dream about that. Many go in and out of business very quickly with draining popularity. I have only been to The Tavern On Mill a handful of times. First time I went it was with a friend for some Happy Hour and meals with the coupons we had! Got to try more than 8 beers and had great food to eat as well! The place offers many different beers on tap that any palate would like along with a myriad of drinks. I recently stopped in there with my girlfriend because we were across the street and was an easy place to go! Turns out I got to meet the owner who is an extremely nice guy; Steve. The place has an unbelievable happy hour that last a long time and is extremely extremely affordable especially for students. The music is great! Lots of rock, alternative, hip hop whatever. This is the best well rounded place on mill. A restaurant bar that can one can be at from the day hours to HH to partying all night. The food is absolutely tremendous. I had the chicken wings (buffalo). So much flavor, zest and just the right amount of spice! The mac n cheese is done with a white sauce white is perfect for a change and is the best mac n cheese I've ever had. I didn't even get it with the bacon, or chicken (which not many other places offer.) The wings are phenomenal. The sandwiches there are amazing as well. Haven't heard one bad thing about this place. The atmosphere is great! Friendly staff that is attentive and people of all ages are here enjoying their time. The new owners definitely know how to cater to Tempe and with more changes to come this will definitely be a top spot on Mill and the toughest contender for all the other bars! LOOKOUT! The young aspirations and ideas have done and will continue to do this place wonders! A 20/10.
Wednesday 2 banger is awsome
Great staff but the new owners have taken away ufc what the heck talk about losing business guess we have to take our business to El Hefe, all 20 of us.
Strolling on Mill one night, every restaurant seemed to have a wait. We stopped at The Tavern on Mill and quickly discovered the BEST bar food I've had in AZ!

Most recently, we celebrated Easter Sunday here - it was a great decision that made us quickly forget about the ham dinner we could be having back home with our families.  

A hipster college student quickly took our orders, which consisted of the Sunday Bloody Mary special.  We sipped these while enjoying a random mix of music videos on the televisions on the bar - everything from early 90s videos to the The Animals in the 60s.  The atmosphere is chill, both literally and figuratively.

He ordered the breakfast burrito (they serve breakfast specials till 1!) with a side of one of their sweetest perks, the deep-fried tater tots.  I got a a salad with grilled chicken.  I know that sounds like a risky choice for a bar on a college campus, but the greens and fresh, chunky vegetables make this salad a contender against most places.  The servings here are HUGE, and we've never been disappointed by the taste.  The sandwiches here are great as well.  

Price?  $10 range for a sandwich and a side. This might be a few dollars above the budget for a college student, but the portions could easily be shared.  And as far as value, the food is great.

If I were a student at ASU looking to take someone on a first date, I would go here.  Because I definitely fell in love .....
We went to Western Trails Ranch today with the inlaws. All in all, it wasn't too bad. The restaurant is out in the middle of nowhere at what is basically a little tourist trap just outside of Wittman. My inlaws had a coupon so they invited us for a cowboy type lunch. Yes they live in Sun City...so coupons are a way of life there.

The restaurant is very rustic in decor but has big screen tvs all over the place so people can watch the games. There are rows and rows of picnic tables outside and about 20 tables inside. We chose inside because it was chilly outside.  

The menu is beef, beef and more beef with a smidge of chicken and pork. We had some fantastic onion rings. The salads were refreshing but basic. The grownups all had steaks which were slow cooked and tasty. Not the best steak I ever had but pleasantly better than I had expected. My son had a 100% angus burger that was a 12 oz burger. It was enormous and DELICIOUS. The grill was filled with great mesquite wood and it gave all the meats a nice flavor but it really enhanced the burger. 

The side dishes were nicely done as well. Two of us had beans which had different types of beans and bacon in it. There was also baked macaroni and cheese which was pretty good. The coleslaw was delicious--with horseradish in it. Yum! The french fries that went with the burger were well seasoned and crispy.

The only thing I really didn't like was the fact that they kept the doors open to the restaurant. It was a chilly day today and I don't like having flies buzzing around my food unless I'm in my own backyard. I'm sure the outdoor seating will be lovely in the spring though when its warmer and sunny. 

The service was prompt, courteous and pleasant. The cook came in to check on us about our steaks and he was quite nice as well. While I don't think I would go out of my way to drive this far for a steak, I might consider bringing out of town guests here for its rustic authenticity and the food really was pretty darn good. But after giving Posh 5 stars, 3 seems adequate for this out of the way place.
I heard an ad for this place on 96.3FM talking about their Friday All You Can Eat Fish Fry. I drove all the way from 43rd Ave and Olive to try it out -  only to have the worst dining experience of my life. When you walk in - you seat yourself, although first timers would not know that and there is no sign stating do so and no one acknowledges that you walked in the door. I was dining by myself this evening which I guess if you want service is a no-no. There was two waitresses a brunette working one side of the room and a blond with pink streaks in her hair working the other side. Here is a TIP - if you have less than four people in your party do not expect the blond to wait on you - I guess she works for tips only and figures the more people in a party the greater her tips will be. 

I had made a mistake of picking a table on that side of the room. She never acknowledged I was there and I was less than three feet away from her closest table (of four) she was serving. So I sat - no menu, no drink order. To make matters worse, several groups came in after me and all had menus and drink orders before the Owner - Joann finally came over and asked if I was helped. By now I was pretty upset - but I decided to stay and try the food after all I had just wasted all that gas to get there. It was 6:10pm when I arrived. I guess if you want "all-you-can-eat" fish and quality service you must have to be there between 2 and 4pm. They ran out of fish around 7:20 - but left the sign up in the door saying they had All-You-Can-Eat Fish for their special.

I will say the I thought the chili was excellent and the fish was tender with a batter that was not excessive or over bearing. I guess Joann decided to continue to be my server, but she was obviously very busy - so gettig my drink refilled was a bit of a challeng, not to mention asking for a reorder on the fish. By the time I was able to reordered, tables next to were already on their third reorder (they arrived after me). 

When I was finishing up eating, I asked the blond for a refill on my Ice Tea (all her tables had cleared and left so she was serving no one) she said okay. The tea never came so I finally gave up, finished my dinner and walked up to the bar to pay. From my observation, I was the only one that had to do that. 

Over all the place was neat and clean. The food was good. They have three big screen TV's where they play Country music videos, although if you want to be able to actually hear the music - sit up near the bar. At some point someone actually turned the music up so you could hear it, but that only last for about half a song and then back down it went.

They claim to have big outdoor events posted on their website and on the signs at the place - if they could not handle a simple Friday Fish Fry that by no means was very busy - not sure what they do on their other "busier" nights of Thursday and Saturday. 

I dine out alot sometimes alone and sometimes with my daughter, I am a very good tipper whether I am dining alone or with my daughter - never judge a book by the cover. If the service is top-notch I tip very well ask any of the waitresses at the other establishments I frequent. I only ask for two simple things - don't make me beg for a refill and acknowledge that you know I am sitting there once in a while..

I can say one thing for sure - I will never be back.
Wife and I decided to go on a little run last night. We stopped off at Western Trails. Nothing going on Sunday nights. But their restaurant was open. Only a few locals were there eating, but it was nice. Waitress told us we can set anywhere! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fries, and coleslaw. (always have it with coleslaw, so you can put the slaw on the sandwich! Only way to eat it!!) Wifey had their TNT BLT? Extra crispy appplewood bacon, with pepper jack cheese, and chipotle mayo on a croissant! They were very good!! We are going to come back during there busy days to check everything out. But their food is well worth the trip.
I went to Western Trails with my motorcycle group to try the free breakfast (with 5 dollar drink purchase - only on certain days - be sure and check first).  I had coffee - it was very good - but for a little more you can get something with a kick in it - that's probably what I will do next time.  The free breakfast I had was hash browns + biscuits and gravy - it was very good.  Service was very good, as well, so I left a big tip.  Nice and cute place in the middle of nowhere.
Pretty awesome place with the Wild West theme. Obviously not the best food in the world but it's still a pretty awesome place. I ordered a cheddar cheese burger and it was delicious! Everyone else with me seemed pleased with their meals as well. Not the cleanest place in the world but what do you expect at a ranch? You can even go outside and watch some riddin!
Wow.  Could it be worse?  This is my third attempt to get this posted.  A Saturday night and there was only one other table of six and in the time we were there two other parties of two came in.  There's a clue.  My son in law ordered a Bloody Mary that we affectionately called a bloody tinkerbell and the marguerita we called the sour lemonade. This was because you could only taste the alcohol if you focused.  Two brisket dinners went back because they were tough as leather.  All the prime rib was tasty but".........cold.  Ribs tasty but the glaze on the outside was tough and poked your lips.  Coleslaw, well out of our party of ten, one person ate it.  The waitress?  Who?  Never hardly saw her.  Tea refills?  That's not happening without a tackle.  We did not dare try any dessert.  Well, at tip time we really didn't want to but our upbringing demanded it but it definitely was not deserved.  The service was terrible?  You would think after a review like this that we would never return.  You are absolutely right.  Save yourself the frustration and save your money.
What a great place! Live music - man and/or woman with a piano - and great food. The west-side has no restaurant to compare with this.

For appetizers it is hard to go wrong - I have had the fried mushrooms (yummy), calamari (melts in your mouth), steak on a stick (it is ok, but not as good as the others) and the coconut shrimp (fabulous).

If you have read any of my other reviews you know I like lamb - and the rack of lamb here is fantastic! Also try the pepper steak...very good - with a little bit of a bite to it. While I haven't had the seafood entrees, they look really good when I have seen them and the staff tells me the sea bass is exceptional.

The desserts...my wife seems to like the chocolate covered strawberries - they are done up with little tuxedos....I like the chocolate cover cheesecake, it comes in bite sized pieces.

The wine selection is good and there are plenty of good cognacs and a cigar menu for after dinner enjoyment...don't be scared off by cigars - you aren't allowed to smoke them in the main dining area...
I remember when I heard this place was opening, I was stoked. At last, there was to be a non-chain fine dining restaurant on the West side. It only took a year and half for me to go there. I justify this lapse as giving them plenty of time to get the kinks out.

In order to beat the noise and crowds, we went for an early dinner on Friday. Our server was very amiable and polite, but I'm not entirely sure of his knowledge of the restaurant's products. 

Upon looking at the menus, I must agree with the previous reviewer who stated that the dishes offered were uninspired. There were several items that looked good, but none that I felt were "must try" or innovative. 

I was pleased to see several classic cocktails on the drinks menu. However, when I ordered one, it was made improperly. This seems to be the common theme with Skye -- they aim high, but miss the mark.

When the appetizers arrived, I thought they were like Applebee's-type offerings, but made with fancier ingredients (e.g. the duck and brie quesadilla). The coconut shrimp tasted like something out of the freezer.

The shrimp in my entree were woefully overcooked, at the risotto did not taste of tequila or cayenne, as the menu promised. My companion's steak was rather good, but her mashed potatoes looked like plastic, and tasted odd, as if maybe they contained parsnips or turnips. It's no surprise that we did not stay for dessert.

I am torn, because I thought the food was so blah. Yet selfishly, I want Skye to succeed, in the hopes that more restaurants will want to make a go on the West side.
OK. I'm a CenPho snob. A yelp elitist. I admit it. I own it. So when I found out I was going to Peoria for an event, I had already formed my opinion. Cheesey place with cheesey people. God, I love being right! This place is HUGE. Over 14,500 square feet of restaurant, bar, stage and patio space. The event was very disorganized and it was difficult getting a server. I can't knock the restaurant so much for this. And I'll yelp the event seperately. It seems as thoug the food du jour at restaurants everywhere is an upscale macaroni and cheese. And SKYE serves there's with chunks of lobster. Dee lish. Of course you could serve mac n cheese with human toes and I'd still scrape the plate with my fingers. The steak sticks were like skewers of shoe leather. Only leather would have been tastier. The calamari was crisp and tender served with sweet and sour and marinara sauces. Rickie's filet was devoured in seconds. So I'm assuming thumbs up on that. I wasn't feeling the pinot grigio so I switched to chilled Patron and Coronas. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Probably should have stopped drinking before midnight. But. I didn't. I guess if you live out here, this could be a happening place. It just ain't happening for me.
we went to Skye for our 1-year anniversary(March 2007), and it was pretty much what I expected it to be...very pricey, but worth the expense for a special occasion.

we were seated in the lounge, where a(very talented) singer was breathing new life into hits by Sade and other great artists...the ambience was wonderful!

first things first: the bread basket--warm pumpernickel bread with sweet, soft butter...always so comforting!

for our appetizer, we ordered the coconut shrimp, which was wonderful--large, juicy, evenly coated with crisp coconut, and served with sweet teriyaki and spicy wasabi...

for my entree, I ordered the shrimp puerto penasco--slightly spicy with soft, mouth-wateringly good risotto--perfection!

he ordered the st. louis pasta, accompanied by plenty of sweet sausage and covered in a creamy tomato sauce--we had to bring the rest of that one home haha!

for dessert, we ordered the cheesecake 'lollipops'--3 chunks of cheesecake(chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry) on sticks, covered in chocolate and served with raspberry dipping sauce--wow! that was the piece de resistance, for sure!...but *before* our dessert was brought out(to go--we were pretty full by then), they brought us a slice of flourless chocolate cake(so rich and decadent), and written around the edge of the plate, in chocolate sauce, was 'Happy Anniversary'...a lovely touch, and so delicious...

a great meal, great service!
Skye: in a nutshell
Drinks: Pretty damn good
Food: Decent, nothing spectacular
Music: Great, esp after drinks - an older British fellow and his Bonnie Tyler-wannabe partner do a pretty decent job of getting the fifty-somethings up to do The Hustle (although to be honest it's more like "the Shuffle" with that crowd).
Pretention factor: Way High - this  place is the closest thing to a hot spot that the over 30 upper mid class has had in Peoria. People were spiffed up walking in the door!!
Bathrooms: Very clean
Service: very attentive and personable
Valet: A nice touch

After a day at Dolce salaon and spa, me and the spousal unit went with another couple to eat overpriced but decent grub, get tipsy, and basically enjoy the afterglow of a day of various massages. Skye is very, how do I say, "Vegas-loungey", maybe, but folks of all ages and shapes and sizes and varying degrees of clumsiness were dancing to the sounds of a man and woman who were British and actually pretty good. 

Great music was also played during the band's intermission as well. 

As for the sociological aspect, I saw lots of desperate forty-something gold digger types in varying types of sequin/thong/halter outfits cozying up to older gentlemen at the bar. (you can dress the girl up but that "trailer tarnish" gives 'em away every time!) Ran into one in the bathroom, up close they ain't so cute! But the bar at Skye is nice and dark.

All in all, a fun night out, if you can afford about $195 per couple, and the chance of a broken hip.
This place has awesome architecture, elegant lighting, private rooms, and a big dance floor, and great spirit.

SKYE is half way there to realizing my dream of bringing swing dancing back to popular culture. They have GREAT big band music and two of owners double as music performers which is super cool to see. 

They used to have this Steak Pizziola, which is kinda like chicken parmesian only with an amazing cut of tender juicy steak smothered to perfection in this sensational mozzarella mix resting in a bed of some perfect tomato glaze.

 I also had a bottle of Chimay beer from Belgium which is honestly amazing beer I recommend that to anyone, Def pricey but totally worth it. Get it at Aj's fine foods or Bevmo, somewhere like that.

I've been here numerous times which the location is across the street from Cucina Tagliani: which is my all time fav.
Soooo wanted to enjoy this place. Like many on the West side, wanted a unique place to go w/o traveling to Snottsdale. First impressions were great - architecture, variety - but when it came to the basics such as making a mojito (with spiced dark rum?!), and getting our food (cold calamari) and the server looking at me like I had my head sewn to the carpet when I asked him to fix it - killed it for me. 

I may give it another go, but not anytime soon. With the economy the way it is, you would think they would try extra hard to please those who are still able to enjoy a night out once and awhile. Perhaps when the holiday spirit strikes I will try again.
Skye is an interesting concept. Different rooms with different musical acts playing.....it seems like it would be a fun place to have dinner. But, I just couldn't get comfortable with my surroundings and was eager to wrap up dinner and get home as quickly as I could. 

The food was good, but not great. The Cesar salad was what you'd expect. The chicken breast that I had was, again, mediocre. I will say that the couscous was a highlight of the meal. Still, every time the door to our dining room opened, the music from the adjoining room BLASTED in. I think I may have permanent ear damage. Seriously, the conversation had to stop every time a server walked into our room. 

Overall, Skye was 3-stars. Decent food......good service.....overpowering music. If I find myself on the west side at dinner time, I may try it again. But, I won't be going out of my way to eat there anytime soon.
My husband and I have been here several times and always enjoy the entertainment. The food is pretty good too. My only complaint would be that the service is not always good. The last time we went (which has been about a year ago) the service was so bad we haven't been back since.
Went to Skye for the first time in 12/09 for a  work party. I honestly didn't know what to expect, but WOW was I impressed. The night started with drinks and the Seafood tower, which was devoured before I got to try much of it. I will say that the Shrimp were the biggest that I have ever seen in AZ. Everyone raved about the quality of the seafood, so I will take their word for the oysters and crab legs. 

At dinner I was impressed to find out that the special that day was a bone-in fillet mignon. Yes, bone-in. I had never had one before and determined that there was no other need to examine the menu. 

By far the best steak that I have ever had! I consider myself a bit of a steak preppy, but this was incredible. Flavor was amazing and cooked absolutely perfectly. If you are planning on visiting SKYE, be sure to call ahead and ask for the bone-in fillet as I was told they don't always order them, but will if you request it in advance.

Also, the sides come in a sharing style portion, so don't be afraid to pass them around the table. The cheesy scallop potatoes were awesome! I highly recommend!

Service here was about as profressional as I have ever had in Phoenix. Overall, based on this 1 experience - 5 Stars for sure. 

Can't wait to go back and check out the live music during dinner the next time I go.
A little pricey, but lots of fun. I purchased groupons for myself and as gifts for friends. The groupon includes 2 tickets for the "concert" and $35 off dinner. Did the "Blond Day" concert with 3 friends. The entertainment was a hoot. The Debby Harry wannabe singer did an excellent job and has a fantastic voice. Enjoyed myself immensly!

I have to say the steak in the special 3-course dinner was awesome and well presented with side of mashed potato and veggies. The salad was terrific with gorgonzola, strawberries and sugared walnuts and lightly dressed with a balsamic vinagrette. The creme brulee was not anything to write home about, but just passable.
The service is great, the food's pretty good, and the drinks are great (they put dry ice in the drinks so they're all bubbly and exciting looking), but I am just not a fan.

For what you get, the food seems completely overpriced. The atmosphere is nice but it's definitely for an older crowd, and is often quite empty. They sometimes have live music, and the background music is often country.. maybe another reason i'm not a fan.
i wen there for my anniversary and it was amzing.. it is formal attire they host live bands events and the dinning is great.. its also a club at times aswell as fine dinning amazing salads and i mean they go all the way out just on that special occasion. if u are planning somthing special or just want a nice dinner this is the place to go! especially if u r planning on purposing!
Skye Restaurant in Peoria, AZ .... Wish I was there! Just moved to Kansas and am missing out on this great deal!   :(

LOBSTER NIGHT IS BACK THIS TUESDAY! Chef Scott Tompkins is flying infresh lobster from the east coast again!
Enjoy one lb of fresh Live Lobster with red potatoes and sweet corn on the cob for $19.95! Add another fresh whole lobster to your plate for only $12.95. Space (and lobsters) are limited,so please call 623 334 0010to make your reservation
Went to see The Tokens, who sang their signature song: The Lion Sleeps tonite.  They were funny, very interactive with the audience, and just a generally good show,  

It was quite a drive from PV, not sure if I would go again?  I did not have the dinner menu - I've done dinner & a show kinda thing, not usually a good idea.  There are TONS of options around w/n walking distance.

The lounge?  MEH.  Had a fairly snotty waiter.  I ordered a "crisp, clean, NOT sweet" Rose, but he then returned and said it was not available, could he substitute another Rose?  I said as long as it was def. not sweet, he said indeed it wasn't.   Was the worst bottle of wine I've ever had.  (I know, I shoudl have sent it back, long story...)

Anyhow, the server at the show was amazing: fun, happy, quick, accomodating.  Little cheese cake lolli-pops were YUMMY !  So were the hand-cut potatoe chips with truffle dip.  Mmmmm :-)
If you are looking for an overpriced meal for mediocre food, this is it!  I understand "fine dining", but the prices here are absurd.  The pecan chicken is $17 and you get a little wing and what we thought was an artichoke heart on the plate.  I ordered a cesar salad (as I'm not too adverturous and don't like paying exorbent prices for food) and they charged me an extra $1 because it was my entree.  So charging extra because they couldn't make a big tip off of my meal!  Everything seems to be pretty much ala carte.

Called about their happy hour as we were going for an early dinner for a family celebration and was told that it was in the main dining room only.  However once we were seated were told that it was only at the bar and high top tables, which were literally just feet away from where we were sitting.  Therefore any option I had of a normal dining experience was erased with fancy, overpriced "foo-foo" food.
After our week in Page, we spent a few nights in Sun City with my Mom and Grandma. Since we were there in summer (which is a rarity for me) I was able to talk Grandma into going somewhere besides the Elephant Bar and a place without having a coupon! As luck would have it, she suggested Skye saying it was a wonderful place and she knew we would enjoy it as an early birthday celebration for my husband. 

Man oh man was this a great restaurant. Actually it seems like it is half restaurant, half night club and with our 5:30 reservation (yes, this was a "late" dinner for my Grandma), we of course only spent time in the actual restaurant. 

We were a party of 6 and 4 of us had a cocktail to start. My cosmo was one of the "specials" and was nice and strong for only $6.00. It was the most creative cosmo I have had as it came with a little dry ice in it. Grandma was very happy with her martini and well, no one said much as we drank and perused the menu whilst nibbling on a really good and creative bread basket. 

My husband and I shared mostly everything and others on the table traded bites. We started with both the Caesar salad and lobster bisque. I was highly impressed with both. The Caesar had homemade croutons and dressing and were very tasty and the lobster bisque was heavenly-not too rich and full of real lobster (even in Arizona!). My daughter had a specialty salad with Gorgonzola and strawberries and loved every morsel. Since I don't eat stinky cheese, I cannot attest to the taste but she keeps talking about the salad. 

For our entree, Kevin and I shared a bone-in ribeye. This was what 3 of the six(4 if you count me) ordered. My mom had the fish special which was melt in your mouth to die for and my daughter had the filet. The sides are huge and are meant for sharing (like Fleming's or Ruth Chris), so 5 of us shared baked potatoes and mushrooms while the last of our party had the twice baked that no one else got to taste (must have been good).

Our steak was incredible and rivals with my memories of Durant's. I savored every cholesterol increasing bite. My Grandma enjoyed hers so much she looked over to me and thanked me for insisting we go somewhere different.

Unbeknownst to me, 2 desserts were brought out with candles to celebrate the upcoming birthday of my husband and other part of our party. The desserts were delicious and beautifully presented and since they were "on the house", my Grandma was pleased. 

I am coming back to the Phoenix area at the end of the month for a couple of nights and am already angling for a reason to come back to Skye...I loved it, I really loved it!
My review is of the cooking class offered once a month on Tuesdays!  We "won" this during a silent auction.  Chef Scott was very entertaining and the class very informative.  The food was delish shrimp on an sweet potato/apple cake (like a potatoe latke), swiss eggs with spinach salad, an autumn vegetable couscous, and cheesecake with cranberry.  All of this with wine for $50....this is a great deal friends.  It seems there is a bit of a cooking cult following so make your reservations early.
Just saw Beach Toys at the Skye.  Very good show.  Food great and serve wonderful.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the show.
This place is wonderful! Great band that sound so much like the real thing that you have to wonder if it's them incognito.  We have seen Rush, Heart, and Fleetwood Mac/Stevie Nicks here and all were great.  Rush was probably the best with Fleetwood Mac coming in a close second.  The food is good as well.  We usually do a pre-fix at $30, includes salad, steak, and desert. Oh and totally well decorated and well appointed.  Classy without being snooty.
My first time at Skye last night.  I was both impressed and  disappointed.  This review is intended to advise the potential "next customer" and advise the ownership that some attention is needed.

First the disappointment:  The audio set-up and volume control, or its attention, is abysmal.  It was so LOUD and blaring (both pre-show and during the show) from huge elevated top-front speakers that you cannot talk with any comfort to either your table cohorts nor the servers.   Headache city!   Likewise, the overpowered mic/speakers caused the comedians to be shouting at the audience rather than delivering the good comedy of which they were clearly capable.    Unfair to both the entertainer and customer; all, for no reason.

The good: everything else!  Easy to reach location and parking.  Super facility, cleanliness, congeniality, service.  The show prices are very fair.  The food and drinks are expensive but excellent!

Go to SKYE, just don't sit anywhere in the front half of the show lounge.  Maybe this way the ownership will get the volume problem message.
It is pricey, but worth it.  I am a steak eater.  The 16 oz. New York strip with a ton of pepper is the best I've had.  It is cooked as you ordered it. The wait staff is excellent.
I've been here a few times and this is a really tough one to review. Let's start with the bad. The live music is always pretty cheesy. And they charge extra like it's some famous bad or something, when really it's a tribute/cover band. And not just $5 (in which case I could handle). They charge a min. of $20. Really? The sound system is of poor quality and the bands are corny. Whatever!

Now onto the food. They food here is actually really good. The last time I was there I ordered from the fixed 3-course menu and all 3 courses were above what I expected. But it was way overpriced for what you get. Maybe avoid the fixed menu to save a few bucks. 

Lastly, and the best part... The drinks! Once again, very expensive. But well worth it. I ordered a Cosmo which can out smoking with dried ice which was super groovy. And had wonderful flavor too. And the best part, got a nice buzz from it. 

Overall I would probably go there again just for dinner and drinks, no lame, overpriced show. And avoid the fixed menu so my wallet doesn't have a heart attack!
Quite disappointing for an 'upscale' restaurant.  Entree price range is around 25-50 dollar range.  Being that the meals are pricey, you expect the service and atmosphere to justify that.  They charge $3 for valet, and they don't have the front staff open the door when you arrive.  They didn't know where to seat us and left us standing in the middle of the dining room while they went back to the front desk to figure it out. Not something you'd really get ticked about at a Claim Jumper but if you're going to bill yourself as upscale, get your service right. Our waiter screwed up my order and tried to blame me for his lack of knowing his menu.  I ordered seared ahi tuna (exactly what it says on the menu) and he brought out the ahi tuna a la diablito.  He tried to say that the tuna is seared.. and then said "I'll see what the chef can do."  Hopefully the chef taught him how to listen, get orders correct, and to think before opening his mouth.

Food around the table,
-  Wedge salad - Good but obviously not a complicated thing to prepare.
-  Seared ahi tuna - It was bland, overcooked (how you overcook a sear is puzzling).  Not high quality and poor presentation.  
-  Surf & Turf - Lobster was good.  However, go to your local grocer, pick up a cheap cut of meat, marinade it... save 52 dollars.  I probably could have scored a better steak at an IHOP.  As an upscale restaurant, I'm surprised they aren't a little embarrassed to serve such a low quality piece of meat.  It was also under seasoned.
-  Ahi tuna a la diablito - High quality sushi that was pretty good.  Small portion though, and the orzo wasn't that good.  
-  Had a couple of desserts and they were both good.

I'm not normally a picky person when it comes to service, but when you're paying 30-50 for a plate of food, I expect the restaurant to get the service right, and make it an experience for the guest.  There really isn't one thing on the menu that makes you say, "I can only go to Skye for that".  

Surprisingly their drinks are pretty affordable.  Overall, stick to Scottsdale if you want a true 'upscale' experience.  In the world of upscale restaurants, this is the weird cousin that nobody talks to.
We have never been to a show here before but we went last night for dinner and to enjoy the Rod Stewart show followed by the Rolling Stones! Rod was good and the Stones were awesome! The food was better than expected & food prices were reasonable. All seats are good seats at this place! Will be coming back for sure!!!
Did you know that SKYE is open for lunch (Mon-Sat)
Did you know they have a Yelp certificate $15 buys you $30

The lunch menu is mostly salads , burgers and a few sandwiches that are served quickly because it is considered a business lunch .

I ordered a medium rare bun-less burger topped with fried egg fresh sauteed spinach and it came with a side of fresh cut fruit . My burger and fried egg came out WELL Done , but the burger was juicy  so this was fine with me . This meal was seasoned nicely and the fruit was fresh cut and someone took the time to supreme the orange segments . 

The SKYE interpretation of the Cubano Sandwich is not for everyone .
The Cubano came on  a very soft roll instead of the baguette that was listed on the menu , and the filling was an extremely mild pulled pork in an almost mustard creamy Swiss cheesy sauce also extremely mild with flavor . ( so it was a saucy substance on the Squishy bread) served with steak fries .

My husband said , "this is squish on Squish" but he did try some of my burger and said it was good and he would eat a burger from here .

The server we had was very attentive and asked if I would like bread in case I wanted it .

Worth a try (but you have been warned about the Cubano)
1st time going to this show club. We just had a coke & dessert before the show ABBA. Dessert was very good - ABBA Tribute band was awesome, we had a really good time & really enjoyed the show. My only complain was I didn't know there was a two item per person minimum each person had to order to eat in the Platinum Room on the main floor to watch the show. That was not good to find out until we actually got there - but other than that we really enjoyed the evening & will definitely go back another night.
I love Skye.  I was turned on to this place in June of this year, and I go on a regular basis now.  So the deal is you have to buy tickets, and 2 menu items for each patron.  Some menu items are expensive while others are not priced too bad.  If you plan it right you can have a cocktail, and share a few appetizers and get out for $30 for two.  The food is good, not awesome, just good.  Most of the acts are really good.  I've been to a few that were unimpressive, but overall I have been very pleased.  So if you are looking for something different compared to the dinner and movie thing I say head over to Skye.  The owners are terrific too.  You can really tell the people that own and work there really care about their image.  My only complaint is the valet parking.  They block off too many spaces, and honestly the place isn't that big/fancy to justify that much (if any) valet parking.
This is so hard. The platinum room is a great venue for music. This was my second time at the club and it left me unimpressed. We went with the intention to eat there. I was reminded why I usuallly stay away from seafood in a venue such as this. 
The band was great, Cold shott and the huricane horns  played well. two 15 minute breaks in 2 hours is a bit much. 
From the beginning of the night the waitress seemed REALLY busy, empty glasses were common. We saw the water/busboy more than our waittress At the end of the niight I had to flag another waitress to get the bill from our waitress.

The food was not $20 a plate value. We had the coconut shrimp for an appetizer, for dinner I had the salmon and my husband had the sirloin sliders. I give one thing to the kitchen, they are consistent. All was overcooked and dry. And it seems that thier main entrees do not come with sides, you have to order the $6 pilaf and a veggie on the side (in addition to the entree). I have seen this before in upscale restaurants. They usually include some parsley or something on the plate. Not Skye. This was another fail for the waitress, she did not que the sides at all. she simply took the order. It would have been fine if she offered, "would you like any sides with that?"
we waited for 45 minutes at least for the food after ordering. The club was not busy! I cant help but wonder ifthe food w s done more timely and then spent another considerable amount of time under the warming lights. That would explain the dryness.

Come on guys, I know we are in tough times and business is not up to par, but try at least! And fire the chef,
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the rotating stage and entertainment while dining. The staff were professional and their service and food was outstanding. Over all a great experience and it's definitely worth the drive - especially during special occasions.
Its an OK restaurant, the seafood is much better than the steak, but not much to really talk about. They use dry ice in their drinks but the effect only lasts like 5 minutes. Overpriced, VERY empty when we went there, and I dont think we'll be back.
Overprice, but Fun

The drinks & food are way overpriced and if you already paid for show tickets, it really adds up. But, if you were comped or won tickets to a show, it's worth it because they usually have first-rate entertainment. The kids menu is generously portioned, the appetizers are super yummy (get the asparagus!) and the martinis strong. Just be sure to bring your credit card cuz you'll need it!
So, i went to see Javier Colon in concert on Tuesday night....which i had been waiting for an opportunity to see him perform live since 2004, so i was stoked about going. I ordered the tickets, which were front row btw, at a decent price for seats reserved...not bad for $38 per ticket i thought. I waited a week and a half for my tickets to make their journey through the mail, but still nothing, even on the day of the concert, nada! I called and was told they would be there at will call for me, so i show up after struggling to find a sitter for my daughter and the long drive from Queen Creek, only to just be escorted to our seats, no ticket stub for a keepsake or anything(AWESOME #1....not). 
We get to our table and not only are the seats i reserved not empty, but apparently they thought i'd be cool with letting someone else sit in one of our reserved seats and myself or my wife just slide over one. Well, that would have been cool if i wanted my head right next to a PA system, and to krank my neck up like i was talking to Shaq for 3 hours, but not only do i like my hearing, but i also have a bulging disc in my neck....(AWESOME #2!). 
When we were seated, it took roughly 15 minutes before a server came to speak with us even to ask us if we wanted a drink or menus...sure why not....my wife and i decide that we will each get one item, i was gonna get a beverage and she was getting a desert, since we had just eaten dinner while on the way to the show. About 10 minutes later, a different server approached us, we gave our order...only to be told that we must both order 2 items minimum, otherwise it will be an additional $10 per person(Awesome #3) I'm pretty sure i paid for my concert ticket, not a food plate...thanks though, not so much!
We finally just got fed up so that we told the server we were not going to order any item, only to be told, rudely i might add, that it states such on the ticket stub(which once again we hadn't received). Obviously not an issue i could help them with, especially seeing as how their was barely even walking room for anyone over 95 lbs. Crowded is a good thing for a concert, but do you really want the assortment of food smells and liquors mixed with the other customers bad breath as the scent of a date night. (That's #4!)
After the show was over, right as we were in the process of getting up from our seats to make our way to the door, our original server approaches us, immediately apologizing for the other servers actions and tone. We stated it was fine but we will definitely never be going back. For being nice, so to speak...i'd rather stick to real venues...that actually are about service, not dollars...one thing i have learned in my life...treat people right, be treated right....No TIP FOR YOU!.
Awesome venue and great food. I'm a fan and will be back
Just got back from a Great experience at Skye.  We saw a Fleetwood Mac/ Stevie Nicks tribute band here.  They were good, venue was comfy, with a good sound system.  The burger I had was $12 and one of the best I've had in quite a while.  I look forward to going back!  I enjoyed it enough to give it 4 stars but held back because$38 for a ribeye is just too much!  This is a concert venue not Mortens...
Luckily, we had a gift certificate for dinner here (it was in December 2011, but never got around to writing a review). Total for two of us was $88, which included a couple of beers and a glass of wine. The Riesling was amazing!!  
Started out with the calamari appetizer, which was light, crispy, and yummy. Dipping sauces complimented it quite well. For the main course, I had the salmon piccata, which was decent, but nothing amazing ($18). I'm not a huge fan of prime rib, but my friend ordered it and said it was fantastic ($28). None of the main courses come with sides, so you order them family style. We got the mashed potatoes, which were also good. 
Didn't get to see any of the entertainment, as we went prior to a hockey game. Ambiance was fancy, but there were people in jeans to business attire. 
Won't be going back for a few reasons...A) it's closed! B) the pricing doesn't warrant frequent visits and C) it's pretty far from home.
A bit pricey, but delicious food, yummy martinis, and excellent attentive waitstaff.
I was hired to work here before they officially opened, but unfortunately had to turn it down due to family issues and time constraints. I was very sad that I was unable to join their team, because it is ADORABLE! 

Good atmosphere, nice people, owner really seemed like a genuine guy to me. Also it is nice to get out of the starbucks/coffee bean rut.
The mighty cup is this nice cozy little coffee shop filled with lots of arts and crafts from local artists.  The whole atmosphere is bursting with creativity and its so cozy that you'd feel like you are having your cup of tea or coffee right at home!!  I was there Thursday night which is their Poetry Reading night!  Different poets or poetry enthusiasts mingle, read and enjoy the wonders of poetry!  I enjoyed it alot!  Try their Chai latte - its de-licious!! :)
The mighty cup has wifi now, i was there yesterday for the poetry reading.  what an awesome time we had!
So, I moved to Arizona for  grad school a few months ago. I love working/studying/etc. in a cafe environment, and the closest approximation to my haunts in San Francisco or Shanghai has been Starbucks. Today I discovered an indie cafe in Glendale that is comparable, if not better, than many cafes in San Francisco. With nice and soft music, a laidback staff, free wifi and a cool environment I have found my new home in Glendale.
Last weekend I visited Mighty Cup. Or time traveled. It's possible I did both at the same time, like when I astrally projected myself at Castles N' Coasters with my friends when I was supposed to be grounded for doing a "how to" speech on ambushing your class with a surprise egging, complete with demonstration.

Cleverly disguised as a yard sale, Mighty Cup offers all the nostalgia, culture, and personality that those old timey "colonial reenactment" towns offer, but with much better tasting concessions and the sensation of still having your dignity intact when you leave.

MC is relevant to many of my obscure interests, like "eccentric elderly folk" and "live ambient acoustic music". 

The interior has that cramped, hectic vibe that you so rarely get in those mainstream coffee chains with their Freudian "tell me about your mother" armchairs and tables that no one ever sits at because why live in Arizona if you're not going to sip your coffee and $5 pastry outside?

They make a mean cup of hot chocolate. Like, it actually tastes like chocolate. I'd be willing to do a Pepsi Challenge between MC and Starbucks' "signature hot chocolate" but that would just be wasteful, blowing 4 bucks on a hot chocolate so I can take a sip, decide I don't like it, and throw it away.

If I don't eat it all and find a creative use for the packaging, my budget won't allow for it.

Best of all, MC is smooth, like jazz and a cold beer.

Yes, I did just use one beverage to describe another. Deal.

I was a little worried when I got to the bottom, the last few droplets. I was totally prepared to get a mouthful of granules, you know, like I do when I get to Starbucks. 

But alas, MC is liquid all the way down. That sounds really gross now that I've reread that.

The only thing this place is missing a superhero mascot, like Mighty Mouse but with a coffee cup instead of a mouse head. 

It's probably a good thing I spend 1/3 of my day locked up in a computer lab helping people reset their passwords and locate that word file that they can't find because they don't know how "folders" work.

I'm sure once I stop doing that I will cease to be useful.

It's a shame that Mighty Cup doesn't fall into my daily commute, or else I'd stop by here every day to get a hot and caffeinated beverage on my way to work.

It's probably a good thing though, that it isn't.

Caffeine + Sitting in a chair in front of a computer all day = Danger!

As my previous reviews might suggest.
Definitely love the feel of the place and that they have free wi-fi and ample outdoor seating. Always a fan of independent coffee shops. The iecd chai-latte was delish but way overpriced as I got about 5 sips out of it due to all the ice. It's as pricey, if not a bit more, than Starbucks, and refills on just coffee was overpriced in my mind. I'm used to independent coffee shops that charge hardly anything for just coffee refills while you're sitting in the shop. They have sandwiches and other foods for lunch, too.
Cool place though. Check it out if you get a chance.
This place is cozy. Like my grandma's house without the horrible old person smells.  I liked it, and by golly i think I'm a going to go back. It's in old town Glendale, which can be kinda sketchy at night if you ask me, but the place is spotless and the people inside are very nice.  I think it has WIFI too, but what coffee place doesn't now a days?  The iced latte I got was bitchenly powerful, just how I like it.
My sister and I, on our second day in Arizona, went walking around "downtown" Glendale.  We were hot (July!) and needed coffee.   We found this place on accident.  Inside sat two women, talking quietly among themselves.  At first we felt like an interruption, but this couldn't have been further from the truth.  One woman jumped up, took our order and poured us a delicious cup of strong, but not bitter coffee.  The other woman, after finding out we were new in town, began telling us all about Glendale and Arizona from the history and weather to her intriguing past.  Overall, a nice coffee break.  I will return.
Visiting from Minneapolis, where independent good tasting coffee is a must, Mighty Cup makes the list.  The coffee was well-priced and the atmosphere was wonderful.  Visiting Downtown Glendale and thirsty?  Visit Mighty Cup!
The food was delicious, the coffee was about the best I've ever had at a coffee shop. We went for the Karaoke. The karaoke was the WORST  organized I've ever seen. I put in for my song, 2 hours later I still was waiting to sing. One young man that was helping with the equipment sang 3 times after I put in for my song. There was a group of his friends  called the crazy kids sang twice and I'm still waiting., plus all the other regulars that sang.  The Food was great and the atmosphere was fun, more fun if they new who you were.  "IF" I ever do return to this place it wont be for the karaoke.
Great coffee with a homey environment. I'll be back.
Rob Halford-inspired stuffed mermen. That is my biggest impression from my (so-far) single visit to the Mighty Cup. No, I'm not kidding. 

My hubby & I met with a good friend here, for a bit of a send-off over a late-night cuppa. I chose it, based on other, positive Yelper postings (thanks!). 

What I really liked: 
1. This place was open until 10 pm-ish. In downtown Glendale, that is unheard of. 
2. It's close enough to Glendale Ave so that I wasn't nervous about parking there at night. 
3. The space is a re-used house, reminiscent of the early days of the original Willow House. Small and homey. 
4. It's crammed full of really funky, locally-made arts and crafts. I was dying to buy one of the leather mermen (seriously, I'll have to post the pic I took) but I need another knickknack like a hole in the head. Other items included pin-up door hangers and hand-painted fans. 
5. The iced dark mocha that I got was really good, super rich tasting even though it was nonfat. Hubby was ok with his usual iced triple latte - he rarely gets excited about anything. I can't recall the price for two 'grande'-sized drinks, but I'm pretty sure it was under $10, including tip. 

What I wasn't so thrilled about: 
1. The wait. I totally get that it's a bare-bones, relaxed staff and that we were there on movie night, but should it really take a full 5 minutes per drink, when the three of us were the only paying customers? I must mention, though, the woman who was providing service was very nice. Just really slow. I'll have to remember to put my 'relaxed' hat on, the next time I go. I'm usually in such a rush, that I get easily irritated with those who aren't at the same pace. So, I'll file this under 'expect it when I return'... and I will return. =)
I have been here probably 4-5 times and havent been disappointed even once !! The coffee is very gud...On Fiday nites they have a karaoke outside on the lawn...I think most of the local folks stayin in and around glendale downtown come here to have a fun nite !! 

The coffee shop is a house converted..It has room with nice neat things which is nice to see....I have a gud time every time i go here !!
I drink coffee daily and have lived in the Pacific Northwest for the past ten years for background purposes. 

In regards to the Not So Mighty Cup. The coffee is good, but overpriced. The service is below average.

With that being said, if I lived around the corner I would probably come here. Thank the Creator I don't live in downtown Glendale.
The Mighty Cup: Making 'old town' Glendale less boring one open mic night at a time. I've always enjoyed seeing some acoustic, or even stand up comedy while I sip on a late-night latte.

The coffee itself is decent, and the motif here is--you guessed it, a "mighty" sized beverage to keep you buzzed all night. There's a wide variety, and you can compliment your drink with a small menu of cakes, pastries, or hot sandwiches.

The look of the place is...well, antique. It's an old house. Nothing fancy. Everything artsy. If you're trying to rebel against mainstream coffee, this is a great place to start.
The Mighty Cup is very deceiving. The coffee house in itself is charming. It's a historic house in downtown that has been turned into a coffee house. I have not experienced the live music or poetry that it often boasts, but that is because I did not care for their coffee. I  have had three beverages from this place, and each time I've been disappointed. I suppose I'm an optimist, or perhaps a glutton for punishment. My chai tea was watered down the first time i ordered. The second time, I ordered an ice blended coffee drink that was not "blended" and a cup of coffee. The coffee was mediocre. If you are a person that really enjoys coffee, I wouldn't recommend this place.
Finally, good tasting coffee for a change.  Too many places convert a cute house into a coffee shop, or other suitably cute building, and then serve whatever for coffee and expect to make it on atmosphere, vibe, musical guests, location, etc.  The coffee here is quite good.  Yes, it is a little pricey.  I was a little shocked having to reach back into my wallet for more than $2 for the smallest cup to go.
The porch is perfect, make sure you order a blended drink and sit on the porch at the same time! After a run through of the knick knacks in the house! For awhile they had free outdoor craft fairs on the front l liked that -- A small community, worth the trip
Didn't get too crazy with my drink order but went with an iced nonfat latte.  The latte is good.  Not the best I've had but it was good.  I also ordered a turkey sandwich.  I know I probably shouldn't expect much from a sandwich ordered at a coffee shop but this poor little turkey sandwich was weak! It was cheap, small wheat bread, bland turkey, and wilting lettuce.  It was also served with a decent sized stack of stale chips and a pickle spear.  Sad, but the pickle spear was the most exciting part of lunch.  Oh well, I'll go back for more coffee sometime.  Happy that they do have a punch card for frequent buyers.  And, the punch card is 6th drink free!!! That's a better deal than you get most places.  Next time I'll eat luch somewhere else and then drop by for a cup of coffee.
I went here to get some studying done during the middle of the week in the late morning.  I've never been to this place before, but it was very easy to find.  The owner was inside and she was very nice.  Nobody else was around, which was great for me.  Large outdoor patio is nice; maybe not so much when it's 110 outside though.  I'll definitely be back for one of the evening events!
This is the real deal with this place. It's adorable and the area surrounding it is adorable. Nestled in old town Glendale among beautiful masonry buildings and historic store front converted residences... It's really cute.  I love that it's in an old house and I like how friendly the vibe is. I hear they do lots of open mic nights and show movies, and that's cool.

In general I'd say it has a lot of potential to be great, but could use a little finesse. However, most of the clientele probably is fine with it just the way it is- and catering to your demographic is the most important thing.

So, I think if you are in the area, this is a fun little spot to get some coffee and chat with friends.
This place is awesome. Since moving to Arizona, we have been looking for a place like this. It's more like a bar without alcohol. There's a lot of social interaction and great fun. On Tuesday nights there is movie night, on Wednesday nights it's open mic night and the Thursday, Friday, and Saturday it's karaoke. All but movie night takes place on the front porch & lawn. Everybody is friendly and makes you feel comfortable and welcome. Highly recommend this place.
Wednesday nights are open mic, it's a great place to sit outside, relax, and listen to music. The strawberry smoothies are delucious!
Nice little coffee spot in old down town Glendale. Cute artsy crafts, purses,  jewelry, nic naks. Nice little hide away.
Free WI-FI
Came in for a quick cup of Joe during Glitter n Glows. Was my first time here but I did enjoy the old restored house with different rooms where you can sit and talk to friends and drink coffee. All I had on my trip was a cup of coffee but I would like to come back for a speciality drink or sandwich. I know my time was limited here but it had a very positive vibe, similar to the Phoenix classic The Willow House.  It's almost like The Willow House was moved from central Phx to downtown Glendale.lol.
Went here after our Shot of Java experience. Place is not dirty, but not clean either. Most of the patrons (3), seem to have an aversion to personal cleanliness. Spent $10 on two smoothies and threw them in the garbage a block away. Come on Glendale!
Being that I was out of town for the long weekend and was in the mood for some coffee, we "Yelped"  and found this location. It's an outdoor setting primarily used for karaoke and entertainment with tables and chairs decorating the front lawn. We made our way into the historic house which has been converted into a coffee house.    The lady at the counter (older lady, butch haircut with tattoos) asked what we were having and I kindly asked for any suggestions.  The menu contained numerous items and I was hoping she can help me make a decision or at least help stir me in the right direction.  What happened next, I wouldn't have expected in a million years.  She rudely replied that she does not know what I like, therefore, she can't make any recommendations. I usually ask for recommendations especially from new places and I've never had this type of response. Again, I proceeded to explain what would be considered their signature drink, something popular with their customers and she again insisted not to help me or willing to make any suggestions.  I have asked bartenders, waiters, waitresses and baristas this question many times and I have yet to get a response like this one.  They are always friendly and more than willing to share their top sellers or most popular drinks. I was so floored by her response and attitude that I simply decided not to give her my business, walked-out with no drink and appalled by her rude behavior.  If ever I'm in Glendale, I know NEVER to visit this coffee house again.
The Mighty Cup is a little coffee house with huge personality. We walked over from Haus Murphy's, attracted by the crowd that was gathered outside watching karaoke. Everyone was very inviting. I had a smoothie which was pretty good. They have sandwiches and a variety of coffee drinks. I also enjoyed looking at the arts and crafts that were for sale. I had a blast, and the crowd was kind when I stepped up to sing.
I came here for a quick drink while working in the area. I have been here before for a cup of coffee although this time I ordered tea. 

The tea was nothing special with it basically being what I would buy at Safeway or fryes mixed with some hot water. No specialty blend or real frills. It would be nice if they maybe partnered with a tea shop and sold some unique teas. 

The server was nice and friendly but the fact that the coffee shop is actually in an old historic home is the star of the show. Worth the stop just to check out the old house.
Got an Italian soda with vanilla syrup and cream.  It was ok.  I thought that they also sold bags of coffee.
Thanks to another local coffee shop being closed, my friend and I were able to try this place. It was great!! The ambience was awesome, the coffee delicious and the staff friendly. We happened to stumble upon open mic night which are held on Tuesday evenings. So glad we did. Nothing beats enjoying some coffee while catching some live tunes.  Plus it's housed in a historic house which adds awesome character to it. This place is a true gem.  Starbucks eat your heart out!
Was a very cute little place. Very artsy!! Good coffee. Awesome cake!!!! Not too sweet and full of flavor. Will be back.
The guy working was very rude. They closed thirty min early and all sat outside drinking coffee. Then told us they're closed. When I said your website says your open he yelled again at me and said they're closed.
Last Exit is a great place to see some of Arizona's finest local talent perform. You'll find bands like Violet Wild, Let Go, Source Victoria, Authority Zero and Ghetto Cowgirl rocking out at this super intimate live music venue, which features a small patio with misters. Up-and-coming national acts also grace the stage and you'll see the local music celebrity from time to time such as Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms or Roger Clyne of Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers. The beer is very cheap here and the bartenders are awesome.
I visited Last Exit for the first time, last Saturday, for our website Anniversary Party.  Everything ran smoothly thanks to management and the help of the "spot on" sound guy, Jack. 

Although this is a rather small venue, the layout was very accomodating, with an adorable patio area.  Pool table was a plus and the lounge area showcased some INCREDIBLE photos (AKA The FU Exhibit) taken by my favorite Phoenix Photog, Saki Photography.

Overall it was awesome, of course the music was amazing (they were all our good friends), and the atmosphere was perfect for MY good time. How was yours?
~2
Went to the Last Exit to see Shelby James and the Crying Shames play last night.   I thought it had a cozy comfortable vibe. It was my first time to the club and I enjoyed myself.  

The club is a few doors down from REI in the corner of a strip mall, plenty of parking and w/easy freeway access.  

The main entrance to the club is through a small smoking patio ringed by misters with a half dozen high tables, roll out bar, and on this particular night, an ice block "luge" for taking shots.   Off to the side there's a hole in the wall pizza place that you can enter without having to leave the patio. 

I love being outside on the patio during the warm desert summer nights, so having the patio is a plus for me.  It's also an opportunity to give your ears a break from high volume levels when the band is playing.   The water pump for the misters should probably be moved up on the roof and out of earshot however.  Listening to that thing hammer away all night takes away from some of the ambience. 

Inside the club I remember it being exceedingly *dark*, which suits me just fine.  From what I could make out in the blackness, the decor was spartan, understated, and more or less contemporary.  The men's room smelled bad, but it wasn't a disaster.  There was no lock on the door though, god forbid you had to drop an "emergency deuce" cause you'd be putting on a show for all the bystanders outside.  Overall, the place is pretty nice and not your typical shithole music dive.

There is a full bar and a decent selection of beers on tap, but the major downside here is that draft beers are served in clear plastic cups.   So my first drink of the night, a Kiltlifter draft, got warm prematurely.  After that I switched to a shot of Hornitos Sauza to sip while knocking back a salvo of Pacificos for the rest of the night.  I didn't have any mixed drinks so I can't comment on how the pour is.  Beers were $4 IIRC, wells approx $5.   Door cover is usually ~$5-10 weekend nights, $15 for out of town acts, no cover weeknights.  

The sound was good, and pretty f'ing loud if you ask me.  Bring earplugs if you don't want to sustain temporary hearing damage and a bout of tinnitis the next morning.  

So far as the crowd goes, it was a good mix, easily more than half female, undoubtedly due in part to the good looks of lead singer Shelby James.   I'd say it was mostly late 20s-30s.  Everybody we talked to was cool, no attitudes, creepiness or aggression from what I could tell, aside from a brief spat of drama with a couple of girls out on patio later in the night. The staff was friendly, good humored, and attractive.

All in all a nice night out.
The Phoenix scene is here.  If you are in a band and you are good you play here.
I've really only been for monday karaoke, but have done this probably several dozen times. The staff Is ok with Flaming finger statue of liberty shots, and slides beers down the bar saloon style, even when it is not 80's night. 
Prices are not really memorable, but like anywhere, can vary depending on boozes preferred. The patio is pretty big, able to be smoked and drunken on. 
There are mostly tall tables, which is not so much a bonus as much as exclusively low tables is sucky. I just wish there were more of them. 

The bathroom also needs to be addressed. There is treadplated metal decor. This is not a friendlly place to poo, but the shout out to Palmdale more than makes up for it.

It is impossible to overpraise NickStar Karaoke. In this outlet, the participants have more interest in show tunes than in others, but most of the music chosen is pretty fun, with an awesomely low amount of  country and downers.
Well, the official name is the Yucca Tap Room (with exactly one beer on tap), but i digress. this is a fun little dive that always has live music on the weekend and there is NEVER a cover.

it can get crowded on the weekends, and it's the kind of dive where the older drunks and local cowboy types still outnumber the tempe college age hipsters. there's shuffle board -YES!- and they do live band karaoke, how effing rock star is that?

a few tables and booths, and a four-sided bar right in the middle. cash only, and with a reputation for being a dive that even my *mother* has heard of this place - now that's classy.
Oh...the Yucky Tap Room. Where the joke is..there are no taps! Your best bet here? Get yer PBR in the can-cold and fresh, baby.

"Bonnie, why do you say 'Yucky'?"

Oh...only b/c the first time I came here i discovered to my horror 3 distinct flea bites on my arm. I have gone to a LOT of dive bars and seen a lot of things I wish I hadn't...but never...NEVER have I experienced flea bites. My god. I swore off YTR forever after that incident.

But...then...my karaoke bug came back. And I heard the Thursday nights at YTR were good. Quite good. And it is close by. And they got that regrettable piss ass beer. Lets do it. 

Finding the parking lot took some deducing (I still end up going through the car wash..hehehe) but ample parking and pretty easy to figure out which one is Yucca from the back with everyone hanging out smoking. I have never seen anyone smoke in that little smoking room-only drunk make outs. The bathrooms are fine. Opens up to the stage...wait, a stage. Omg. Is that a BAND? LIVE ROCK STAR KARAOKE? Oh my. This aint for the amatuers, honey. You only got a lyric sheet and the hope the band will be right on tempo so you can freak out to Hearts Crazy on You with NO prompter except the reassuring nod the of the guitarist to start the next stanza.

A supportive crowd, super regulars, locals just gettin their drink on, random characters, hipsters,the gays,  just people looking to get a lil Rolling Stones on..I mean one lady had her birthday cake here! How cute! And I do love the bartenders-tip 'em well! I tend to hang around the stage and leave the booths for the old time regulars (gotta show respect, know what i'm sayin?) and they do have the shuffle board, yes they do.

Last night I told my friend I was glad we gave it another chance to rock so hard as it does as my favourite karaoke place and I haven't experienced fleas since. She laughed and pulled up her dress to show my THREE flea bites on her thighs- "I DID". Maybe its time to invest in one of those wet vacs, YTR, what do ya say?

***********

On a recent visit, I was talking to Lauren V. and felt like a small child was grabbing my leg-looked down and Gregor Samsa, Kafka's creation, was crawling up my leg. A giant cockroach! So big you could see him (Gregor) shuffle off my leg onto a dark carpet in the dark room from a couple feet away. GADDAMN.

But I still love the Yucca. Thats a damn fine dive bar, when even the above elements fail to deter you from entering the vicinity.
Yucca Tap Room! I love this place! I went on a Saturday night with an itch for shuffle board. When we walked in, I thought there was no way we'd get on the table with how crowded it was, but boy did we. We monopolized that table for what seemed like hours, playing with and against complete strangers and having a blast. A band was playing, which made for a great atmosphere but was not at all too loud for conversation-- a definite plus. I'll be going back very soon now that I've read about the live band karaoke!!
i LOVE this bar. i went to college in an old railroading town in rural illinois and i felt totally at home here. it is the perfect unintentional dive bar. when you walk in, you immediately get the feeling that everyone sitting at the bar knows each others' names, but you still feel welcome. the beer selection is limited (of course! the bartender had never heard of red stripe.) but man, the atmosphere makes up for it. LOVE IT.
When I first moved next door to the Yucca Tap Room, I was so happy. I love draft beer and good ones, too. There was a "Tap Room" near where I had lived, 127 beers mostly fresh. No Bud for me, I like beer with flavor. I couldn't wait to get a nice cold freshly poured draught. So, you can imagine my dismay when I sat down and looked for the tap handles displaying my favorite brews. There are none. NONE, zip, zero, zilch. Then as I asked for some of my favorites, I was even more dismayed and ended up with a Beam on the Rocks. or 4. hehe. I was walking, why not, ha. It wasn't a total waste, I did get spanked by a German Mexican chick who likes her toes sucked. I mean, thats worth no Taps, right? I've only been back once on a Thursday for the Live Karoake and it was pretty rockin. They had Sierra Nevada(were out the first time)and I was easily satisfied even without it coming thru a tap. It's a close second to the king of dives, PV.
When I first started going to Yucca, I was scared by the crowd -- the dive bar attracts a lot of rough locals. However it also attracts a lot of cool music lovin' folks so give it a chance. The bartenders are some of the nicest people I've ever encountered. And I now count the owner Rodney as a friend. The beer is also extremely cheap and the live music kicks ass. I recommend heading out on a Thursday when the bar hosts Rock Karaoke. People are invited to sing along with a backing band (the Valley's Zen Lunatics). You'll hear everyone covering The Doors to The Rolling Stones to The Go Gos. And more often than not, this turns into a show of local musicians performing covers. Watch out for Nate Ruess, the lead singer of Valley pop-rockers The Format. His Beatles covers are killer.
The Yucca Tap Room is wonderful for the following reasons:
1.  They don't actually have taps
2.  They do have live band karaoke
3.  They do have table shuffle board. 
4.  They do have the naked lady game.... otherwise known as Photo Hunt... the best bar game of all time.  (A note to both ladies and gents, the naked ladies are much less distracting than the naked men... and hair, heels, and bra straps are heavily relied on as the sourced of difference between the image.
5.  It's a good mix of people and pretty cheap.  Unpretentious and awesome!
6.  It's bikeable, but I feel like I've traveled long distances to get there (I think that is because crossing Souther is intimidating)
I'm going to have to agree with Bonnie on this one. The Yucca-Monkey-Time Out trifecta creates a vortex at Southern and Mill that can suck a thrifty drunk into a solid bender without putting a dent in the wallet. That said, it's probably my least favorite bar in this skeevy little triangle. It's just kind of...there for me. 

First off it's a Tap Room with no beer on tap. Perhaps a more observant patron would have noticed this on their first visit. I am not that type of creature. Probably took me about...well let's just say it would take me two hands to count the number of visits, before I finally realized that Yucca was either willfully deceptive or were trying to be the hardened, cool baby equivalent of Prankster's Gar and Brill (hardy har har).

But I don't really drink beer on tap that often (duh) so this was no great disappointment to me. I generally just stick with well spirits, and at least they've got those in spades. However compared to their competition cattycorner (Time Out and Monkey Pants), I might as well just save myself disappointment and order a beer because cranberry juice or fizzy cola generally drowns out the taste of any alcohol in the drink. A strong drink is an absolute MUST of a dive bar, and Yucca has consistently disappointed in that respect. 

I've also never had a positive experience with the bartenders, who don't really give a shit about when they get to you and don't seem to have any discernable system of serving patrons (proceeding clockwise until everyone is served, repeat, maybe?) but I'm a pretty patient person, and the fact that they have to make change with every order can understandably slow things down.

Live entertainment is the best thing about Yucca, with bands playing just about any evening you go without a cover. And Rockaroke on Thursday nights makes this place a must for anyone living in Tempe! A live band providing a soundtrack for you to get your best rock star impression on? Be still my heart! Although you probably wouldn't want to take a first timer here because all you're handed is a little sheet of lyrics. So you'd best be performing "your" song, because it's a well known fact that everyone needs at least one solid karaoke song in their repertoire.  

Oh, and they have free shuffleboard. And I love me some shuffleboard.
I like this place for all of the reasons listed previously. 

It's just a nice place to hang out with friends.

Theres also a rumor that George W. went there on his last visit to Arizona.
This is the new place to be every 1st & 3rd Sunday of the month! Hot Mess begins February 3rd. Two live bands and two dj's each time. No cover and great drink specials.
If you've ever been to a Vegas dive off-strip (maybe somewhere upstream on Trop) that has video-poker-machines and other touch-screen absurdities, then you've already had your intro to the Yucca Tap Room.  I appreciate that its a rare, live music bar room, which is strikingly rare in this town for some reason, but if you aren't going to check out a band bang their way through Tom Petty covers, than I cannot really fathom a reason to check it out.  That said, there ARE times when you want exactly this, and Yucca Tap Room provides that valley void.  Prices are so cheap its silly and the regs are generally spirited and friendly to non-regs.
I have mixed feelings about Yucca Tap Room. I want to love it, but right now we are in a love/hate relationship. 

The interior of Yucca is dark and wood; it reminds me of some dirty fraternity house basements that I went to parties at back in my college days. The crowd is mixed and almost evenly split between true dive bar fans and the pseudo-hipsters from ASU. There was an abundance of pseudo-hipsters this past Friday night at Yucca and it started giving Yucca a slightly douchey feel to it unfortunately.

I like that Yucca has live music and some of the singers/bands we have heard have been pretty decent actually. Definitely not music you will find in a lot of other places in the Valley. I also like that they have shuffleboard, even if it is the longest shuffleboard table I have ever seen. The best part about the shuffleboard table is that it's free and doesn't have a time limit, so bonus points for that. Another gripe about clientele at Yucca...if you call "next game" for shuffleboard (or any other bar game for that matter), that suggests you are going to play the winner. Apparently that concept missed some frat-tastic guys at Yucca on Friday because they called "next game" and then their entire group proceeded to take over the shuffleboard table when my group finished our game. Grrr!

Beers are average price...my Bud Lights were $3 each. Not expensive, but higher priced than what I would expect at a dive bar. Yucca is an interesting Tempe establishment, but I prefer Monkey Pants a lot more.
I make sure to stop in here every time i am in the Phoenix area.  Great music and excellent service make this a place worth checking out for a few of their cheap drinks.  Tuesday evenings a great house band called Chocolate Fountain will keep you grooving!  Great local bands take turns filling the stage through out the rest of the week and weekend.  Venus is one of the nicest bartenders in the valley and she will pour you an honest drink as will all the staff behind this bar.  Oh yeah bar shuffleboard on hand for the sporty types.
I'm a fan of Yucca.  Clown Shoes is always fun to come sit in on.  The music can be come and go, but at least there is plentiful amounts of it.

It's usually pretty dark and there's always a crowd smoking outside.  Nice and divey.  

Cash only, $2 PBR's in a can.
I've been going to Yucca since 1999 (the year I moved from Tucson to Phoenix) I loved this bar and it still holds a special place in my heart. My boyfriend at the time (later to be husband and ever later to be ex-husband) and I had one of our first ridiculous makeout sessions in this bar, induced by insanely strong long islands. The Yucca is where I became a professional lush.

Back in the day it was pretty skank on the inside. Everyone smoking and drinking and coughing and smoking some more. Toothless dood's hitting on my then 23 year old ass. We knew a few of the bartenders pretty well and never felt unsafe. I look back on those times fondly. 

Last time I graced Yucca with my presence was about a month and a half ago. I met a friend (who happens to be 23.... odd ) for a drink after work. He lives in the area and it was a good excuse to venture into Tempe instead of holing up in my beloved CenPho like I always do.

It was a Wed. evening and they had some live band karaoke thing happening. I didn't recognize any of the bar staff or patrons for that matter... though I didn't really expect to. Is Venus still there??  The place was crawling with hipster/scene kids and it was kinda depressing. It looked like a fucking American Apparel catalog threw up all over the place.  I'm pretty sure it was the $2 cans of PBR that caused this phenom. Oh, shut your pie.... I know I drank them too. Ah well, made for some interesting people watching.

 My buddy's "friends" showed up and they began to start  what I'm going to refer to from this point forward as "The Hipster Olympics".... Like playing shuffleboard with their cell phones, you know, idiotic shit like that. 
I took off shortly there after, granted it was a school night. I don't blame The Yucca for this invasion, it just bummed me out because of the fond memories I have of the place. 

No worries... I will return, I'll just make sure to tell my quite mature young friend to leave the very immature young following behind.
Arizona natives know the magical tranquility that comes from stepping out of ultra-bright heat and into cool, cool darkness. Yucca reminds me of the Tempe and Chandler bars of my childhood, where my friends' moms would let us run around while they sipped Coronas with leathery men.

I returned Sunday night after years away, and the new Sunday night bartender is an absolute knockout. It made the $3.75 Bud Lights easier to swallow.
If your a fan of good live music this place is key. I just moved to the area and was looking for some good music and decided to check out this place.  I was pleasantly surprised. No cover the time I went and the music was rad. I met alot of cool people and the bartender (forgot his name) made my drinks stout and even gave me a free shot at the end of the night. I will definitely come back when I'm in the mood for good people and good music. 


a shot of whiskey and a pbr for under 5 bucks!??!?! yeah!!
Kristi D just reminded me that I love Yucca  :)

Great local music spot, espcially because there is no cover charge!

Only reason I am not giving this place 5 starts is because it is SOOOOO loud and normally takes forever to get something from the bar.
I've only been here to see bands play. For that purpose, it seemed to be a bit of an awkward setup. I would feel quite awkward trying to play a show here... it's much easier being a patron. 

It is indeed small and divey as a venue and just divey as a bar. Every drink was served in plastic cups when I've gone - that might change on different nights. In the back, they had a Golden Tee which I jammed my finger on almost 2 years ago (and it's still fucked up), and which kept shorting out in the middle of the game. Irritating. 

It can be a pain to get in and out of because you have to make your way through clouds of smoke and people trying to watch the band in order to belly up to the bar. Also, depending on how busy it is - it can take awhile to get served.

If you're going to see the band, you may want to note that the sound mix isn't the best. Also, the acoustics in the place aren't very good either. I do kinda like that it's not the easiest place to find. I also like that it's a weird setup. This place would rank pretty low on my list of favorable places to go see a band play, but I wouldn't necessarily avoid seeing a band I like just because they are playing here.
Went to see My Doll tonight and walked from The Sets.  This is an awesome place to see live music, especially if you are a punk like me!
It's really well-lit for a bar!  Never a cover charge, which is always a plus.
The shows are always fun and tonight I almost got wiped out in the pit.  500 cool points for that!
Takes awhile to get a drink from the bar, but that's a good and bad thing.  Good - you know there's a crowd.  Nothing like a dead place with bands playing.
Bad - well, if you're really jonesin' for a drink, you have to wait.  Suckas!
I really like the Yucca Tap Room!  I've been three or four times now and always have a great time.  The bar is definitely divey and cash only (there is an ATM machine near the bathrooms but it's best to come prepared with cash beforehand).  I usually only go to Yucca to see What Laura and Black Carl (my faves), but I'd like to make more effort to check out some other local bands sometime.  From what I remember the drinks are pretty cheap ($20ish for 3 beers and 2 shots, not sure of the individual pricing since I always seem to be ordering in bulk for a small group).
Darts and beer. Can't say much else.
First off, TAP ROOM? The beer selection here is LAME. The name implies a great beer selection, well the best you're likely to get here is PBR. Other than the lame beer selection, the place is not too bad. Typical dark dive atmosphere. There are good bands that play here though.
Great little dive bar with music nightly and NO COVER.  A few times a month they get really decent bands and everyone there is laid back and not pervy, which seems to be a rarity in this town.  "ooh girl alone in a bar, lets try to get in her pants". Nope, not like that here.  These folks respect the need for booze and don't act like total douche bags.

Also, they have High Life and Jameson,  2 major staples in any one not from here's diet.
Oh Yucca. You are the best place I ever discovered on my own. I first came across Yucca when searching for a great karaoke place in Tempe. I ended up finding Rockaroke which has since then been my fix since I have no time for a band. 

It's small. It's a total dive bar. The beer is cheap and there's a great list of off the wall beers and I love it! 

It's a great place to go and relax and hear some music and you can seriously not beat rockaroke. Karaoke but with a backup band and not that shitty midi file-esque crap? Yeah. Awesome. 

If you are going on a night when something good is going on, get there earlier than you planned on going or you won't get a seat. It can also take awhile to get a drink from the bar, but I think that's because it can become really packed there some nights. 

I go often and I love it every time.
The only reason why Yucca doesn't get a 4 or 5 is due to the sight lines. I'm not sure they could do any better with the shape of the club/bar but if you want to see the band be prepared to stand and NOT sit at the bar.

That said Yucca has a really good booking policy ... a virtual who's who of local music plays here.
This place is a classic Dive spot in Tempe. A hit with the local neighborhood and majority of surrounding cities. The atmosphere is dark and dirty, the bar only accepts cash, and the band selection/ booking is in excellant taste. From Kinch, Black Carl, What Laura Says, all the way to The Love Me Nots, they all rock it tight with emotion and intensity. This place is a great sit back, drink your sorrows away, and feel better about yourself by people watching kind of place. Hope it helped
went there last night, after a rotten day and dinner at La Bocca. fairly good band playing, quite the indie scenester crowd(a bit irritating, but pretty much what I expected). 

$4.50 for a Jack and diet coke is...pretty f**king steep, but I still bought three and left feeling pretty good.
Definitely a dive - nice wood paneling on the walls...I went for the PBR Tiki Lounge, and the function was great on the outside - although when I arrived there were no bands on stage. Inside the bar I ordered a can of PBR since it was a PBR tiki lounge. It took a while for the bartender to check up and give me a second one. She didn't say how much it was, but I threw down $4 and she took it all. Another thing to note is that it is cash only - no tabs. They do have an ATM in the back. Admission was $3 for the function.

There were no bands inside and the place didn't have much traffic in the afternoon, despite the function starting at 2 PM. Eventually I wandered outside and saw a band, but there were not many people outside either.

There were some interesting people...I was drunk thanks to the Oktoberfest I came from earlier in the day, but there was a Ghost Buster and a banana behind me...I had 3 PBRs and called it a a day. Overall this bar wasn't too memorable for me...
oh glorious drunk alcoholic career making dive bar how I love you. I've never actually had a drink of alcohol at Yucca Tap Room... I'm too scared to. I've heard too many stories about people passing out, getting into fights, and having wacky adventures on the way home. I used to be all for these types of adventures but now I just like to hang out here and enjoy the atmosphere and drink soda until I explode. 

The crowd can be pretty diverse I hear, but everytime I go there there are mostly "rockabilly" and "rude boys" filling the bar. I don't mind these types, but it gets a little weird when everyone is alike so much. This is a dive for twenty somethings which I love, because most bars like this attract career alcoholics, whereas this one attracts new alcoholics and alcholics in training. Thats way more fun.
This is the one bar in town that when I go I know I'm going to have a good time.  It's a dive, a dive of dives, and I have had some of my best times in Tempe in this dive.  Hu seems to really love musicians and local music, so much so that he never charges a cover for music at this place, which makes for a cheap night out whenever the plans go all Yucca.

The bar is loud when there is music.  If the music is good you might not even have room to stand.  The people are weird, but I'm weird, so I love this place.

If Tempe is going to be great for music again, with the Sail reopened and 910 reopening, Yucca is the one place that might have preserved enough original and quality music to build upon.

Drinks are cheap, from tall boys of PBR to whiskey to... that's all I've ever drank there.
It started out great... I wasn't carded. Which is nice since in the city limits of Tempe it seems to be the thing to do.... and at 42 it gets a little embarrassing to be pulling a photo of myself from back in 1995 out of my wallet. So the bouncer gets points for common sense. No cover charge and four bands tonight. It was a young crowd but not annoying more laid back. I found a seat at the bar (score.) The bar tenders were busy but nice and everyone seemed to be in a good mood... but that could have been the sea of Pabst Blue Ribbon (I think I was the only person there not holding a can.) I almost felt as if I were in a PBR commercial. There were some cute young men that seemed very smart with their earplugs. My ears are still ringing as I write this. I went to see Source Victoria and they rocked the house. I didn't drink anything so I didn't visit the restroom but since the ladies is next to the stage I did get a nice view as the girls ran in and out... it looked fine. So despite not drinking and staying up way past my bedtime I still enjoyed myself and for a "dive" bar I felt pretty safe going there. Parking is ample, people are nice, free to get in, easy access to the freeway to zip back downtown. Not bad for a Saturday night.
Oh great, just what I needed, another strong beer and craft liquor bar bar full of great people, nice pool tables and next door to my favorite music venue in the city of Tempe.

They've done a great job with this place.  You could still smell a bit of the varnish from the new bar and walls when I went in, very cleanly done in greens and wood to reflect the three pool tables.  They have a nice selection of taps and a huge selection of bottled beer.  The owner said that they've got local artists bringing in rotating art starting next week.

The liquor selection is a thing of beauty.  Rodney has sought out the best micro-distilled spirits he can find.  He poured us a little sip of the Dry Fly vodka and gin, both amazing, beyond your normal liquor for quality and smoothness.

What I like best about this place is that it isn't trying to hard.  The crowd was still a Yucca crowd, the music was still rock, nothing loungey about it. Though my wallet dies every time I say it, Long Live Yucca.
Love the Yucca Tap - rockeokee on Thursday's was a weekly tradition for a long time. 

They added a new room, which is great, it really adds some room and it allows people to go in there and hang out if their not into the band. Also added enough space for some pool tables which is chill. The only thing that sucks is that they don't take credit.

If you're into the dive bar feel, this is a great place to go.
Oh Yucky Tap, I hardly know ye!

Checked out the new expansion last night and I have to say I'm quite impressed. They took over some greasy food joint next door and instead of knocking out a wall and openin' 'er up, they simply added two entrances from the existing Yucca bar you know and love (ahem, some of us know and love quite a bit more than others).

So the first entrance is right off the OG entrance, and the second entrance is punched out of the wood paneling wall where the booths stop on that side. Kinda funny since you won't notice it until someone comes through it, and the glowing white light and shiny floor pulls you in like siren song. 

However, the cuteness of the hidden door quickly wears off if you happen to be there on a packed night, because it's placement causes a TON of traffic jams and pushing and shoving as people try to go back/forth from expansion to OG bar, and try to make their way from back/front of OG bar, and people trying to watch the band get sick of shuffling around the disaster. They need a light or a stop sign or something, it was just a mess!

But what about the fucking expansion already, right? No complaints there, not a one. I followed that soft glowing light, past three pool tables, two sparkly new (single person) bathrooms and to the bar, I was lead to a refrigerated cooler of "craft" beers. Beers in there range from $4 - $9. On tap, they had about 8 beers that included SKA True Blonde, Framboise, etc. I got the SKA and it was $4.25

The service was fast and friendly and I was pretty happy to belly up there and wait for my friends. That's when someone sat down next to me and ordered "two slices of pizza, with pineapple and olives." Um, what? You can order FOOD here? You sure can, my dear bar flys. They have a full kitchen that churns out slices, calzones and sandwiches. Whoa! If you were trying to give Taste of Tops a run, you certainly beat them in the food department. 

OK, I'm gonna wrap this up since I have a problem with brevity:

Awesome: Custom wall paper with Yucca's signature guitar logo, records and such; local artist paintings for sale and just for looking at; god, those nice new bathrooms need another mention!

Oh! One last thing. A little birdie told me that the craft bar does not factor into the pay out to the bands that play in the OG bar. Something to consider when you come *specifically to see a cool band for no cover.* They make money off a percent of the bar bill (in this case, the OG bar bill only), so keep that in mind.
I haven't been to the Yucca since, well let's say a long time! While the place was clean, the bartendress friendly and a good selection to drink...we went for Rock Karaoke. We checked the website which said music starts at 8:30pm, so we got there at 8:45. At 9:30 I asked a "security"/busser what time the band started, since they had finally gotten set up. He stated that "They start whenever they want to, maybe 10:30pm"! Wow! Really? Having been married to a pro musician for a long time, I was surprised by this. So, dive bar yes, now they have food, didn't try it. But if you are going for the music, go late, maybe they will be playing!

OK, we went back a couple weeks ago because a friend's band was playing. The lineup was good,  we got a booth in the corner, got a beer (had to go to the bar, no waitress) and it was a cool night. Still not fantastic but it was better than last time, so I will bump it up to 3 stars.
Very disappointed in the Yucca! Outside the entry door is a sign that states "Open at 6 AM".  Bullshit!!! My coworkers and I went there this morning and the bartender never showed up!!! We left at 6:30.  We night shift people deserve  a happy hour just like the day shift people.  This is not the first time we've waited in the parking lot past 6:00 AM for the day shift bartender.  I think the Yucca needs to hire someone that can  get their ass out of bed and open the bar for us night shift people. WTF!!!
We will be looking for another morning bar.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
A nice smaller place with good beer and live music, a few pool tables that give yhe place a real unique vibe.  Had a decent selection of bottles and about 8 taps of microbrewed beer. Prices were reasonable and the service was pretty good although it wasn't all that busy being summer.
I LOVE the Yucca!  Perfect dive bar with the nicest bartenders ever!  You rock Venus!!!  ALways free to get in, no matter what show is playing, they have a weekly lineup of awesome shows and open mike nights.  Love thursdays Blunt Club!  Two sides to the bar, one is a cash only bar with the live music stage, and the other is a chill room with pool tables and a bar with so many beers and whiskeys its a sight to see.  :P  They also serve food til 2am!
So, I frequented Yucca tap on my Saturday Dive Bar Tour and I have a sneaking suspicion it would be quite different if I stumbled in on a Saturday evening rather than around 2pm.  This suspicion is due to a combination of hearsay from friends, other reviews, and walking past the front doors to grab some Shisha from the neighboring smoke shop around 10pm.  For that last scenario, there was not one time in which I felt confident I would NOT be smacked in the head by a stray beer bottle.

I love the live music, there are so few places in Tempe where you can see some rock and roll without having to fork out $20 and know every lyric.  That's why even though I haven't had the pleasure of rocking out to some live music here myself, I'm reviewing high in anticipation and Yucca will have to mess it up to get an updated, lower review.

The place is really pretty small during the day, and dark as all hell.  I had trouble seeing when I first walked in.  The bartender was pretty cool, and prices were cheap - so cheap that when Chris R. asked about whether there were any specials going on, the bartender just replied 'no specials, we just sell everything cheap.'  Perfect.
It was a thursday night and pretty crowded, so I would be curious to see how this place is on weekends. The crowd seemed half ok, half douchey or just plain scary. I'm not sure if they are actual thugs or just posers, but I'm pretty sure there was some drug dealing going on in the parking lot. Maybe it's just the ASU crowd but the girls were dressed pretty slutty for a dive bar on a thursday night. 

The bar has two sides: the live music side seems more sketchy, whereas the beer/whiskey room is well lit with a good amount of seating and two bar sized pool tables. I heard they have cool shows, so I would like to come back to check that out. Bathroom on that side is surprisingly clean.
Standard dive bar.  Nothing extraordinary so if you're not already close by, don't bother.
Not to quote Toby Keith or anything but...I love this bar!  There is no cover which is definately a good thing.  I got here around 8:45 or so on a Friday night and it was pretty dead, a few people here and there at the bar but pretty empty.  The bartender and patrons were friendly though so I didn't mind.

My friends showed up a little bit later and we got a table so that we could have a good view of the band once they started playing.  Once it got closer to 9:30-ish it started getting busier and before I knew it the place was full and I had to squeeze through couples to get to the bathroom!

The live bands were awesome and it was nice that the people watching were actually enjoying it and you could tell.  It's always more fun when everyone around you is having a good time!

The best (well, one of the best) part of the night was when I went to close out my tab and found out that it was only $3.50 each for my Vodka Red Bulls!  This fact was extra astounding to me seeing as how a few nights before I had literally spent twice that on the exact same drink at a bar in Scottsdale! (insert Scottsdale joke here...)
YEAH! the YUCCA is the ULTIMATE in local DIVE bars. !!  shuffleboard , cheap drinks, local flavor, and no need for a JUKEBOX.  NO COVER, EVERY NIGHT,  live MUSIC!  come one, COME ALL!!
This place is the ultimate Tempe dive bar.  In my opinion this place is in one of the sketchiest strip malls in Tempe.  I could write a review on the parking lot alone, but that is for another day.  Anyway, enter the Yucca Tap and go to the right and you will see a depressing, dimly-lit bar.  To the left is a well-lit whiskey/beer bar.

My wife and I visited the Yucca on a random Saturday night at about 8:30ish.  The place wasn't too busy...yet.  We first went to the right.  We each got a beer and had a seat in one of their many booths.  There was a small band on stage.  There were only a handful of people there and most looked like they had been there all day drinking away their sorrows and/or hiding from the law.  The place was pretty depressing.  However, I like cheap drinks, friendly bar tenders and dive bars so I was ok with it.  Not exactly a place to bring your wife though.

Anyway, the other half of the bar (to the left when you enter) is a totally different story.  They have a great selection of beers and sort of reminds me of an older, grittier Taste of Tops.  We sat there for about an hour, sampled some more of their beers then took off.

I will definitely return when I feel the urge for some local dive bar action.  The entire place isn't as bad as it looks, has cheap drinks and everyone seemed pretty friendly.
love the yucca! Great selection of beers and music. the new lounge part is great and the bartenders are helpful when trying to choose from the large selection of beers! Great place.
Thursday nights go off! Bboy roundup with bboy/bgirl battles, fresh dj's, and live music! really cool crowd, great dancing, and good vibes! No cover
One of the oldest and coolest bars in Tempe. 

If you are looking for a traditional wooden wall, wooden bar, windowless dive-- look no further. Drink prices are reasonable, especially during the day. 

The owner has recently doubled the size of the bar, offering the traditional honky tonk one one side, and a fine ale and whiskey bar on the other. 

The Yucca now accepts credit cards for the first time since forever, which is a convenience most people take for granted these days. 

There is live music every night, some touring acts, some local acts, and some regular gigs that draw in locals. 

I've heard this bar referred to as "rough" or "tough" or "rowdy", and while that hasn't been my experience, what do you really expect from a place with this much character and everlasting style. This is the type of bar that separates the men from the boys, the alcoholics from the drunks, and coherent from the incoherent. 

The parking is in the back ,like any respectable dive bar should be, and the good ole boys that drink there during the day are a fine bunch a fellas.  I like their deep contempt for the youngsters that wreck the place every night.  But every night, those young and hip crowds create a culture that is truely Tempe--  Good and bad, and that ain't bad.
I love the Yucca! Great dive with no cover, good beer selection, friendly bartenders, and plenty of dancing room for the diverse bands that they have playing almost every night. There hasn't been a time yet that I've visited and left unhappy. 

My only complaint would be the sound. We were there last night to see a band, and the levels were off a bit. The singer was drowned out completely. Hasn't been a problem before though!
LOVE YUCCA!  Usually each night has a different theme ... and I am a sucker for loosely-based-theme nights, dancing, live music and reasonably priced drinks.  YUCCA HAS IT ALL! 

Sunday was Cowboy/Western music/theme but without the actual cowboys so it ended up being a lot of great un-western (less intimidating than the real thing) people swinging around on the dance floor :)  Everyone there seems to be down to have a good time and dance no matter the type of music/theme/crowd.  Fantastic. 

It is a great dive in Tempe and within walking distance from Time Out Lounge and Monkey Pants (two other GREAT bars).  So easy to do a little circuit comprised of the Tempe dive bar trifecta! 

It always seems to be perfectly crowded... never dead and never 45min to get a drink...you will find a seat at the bar or a nearby booth but you have to do a bit of legwork.  

The only complaint I have was that my martini extra dirty was too dirty.  It was quite green in fact.... and although it was drinkable it wasn't necessarily enjoyable.  

*Its right on Southern and Mill but you got to overshoot the bar quite a bit and continue W on Southern before turning into the parking area*
Come here quite a bit to meet friends for happy hour.  We had Dani as our bartender and she was really good, made us a bunch of shots we have never had before.  Also a good selection of beers on tap and in bottles.  Haven't checked it out yet but hear there is music on other side of the bar.
Now THIS is my kind of place! Secluded, hole in the wall with laid back locals and a band that no one would pay more than a few bucks to see but they were awesome! They were a little country blue grass rockabilly kind of sound. Lol Does that even sound good?? But people danced and everyone looked to be having a really fun time! I was surprised at how packed this place got! Parking lot is a little dark and shady but there are plenty of people around, so it's not that bad. I had a guy with me. The bartenders were friendly and the places was just real casual and dive but fun for something and somewhere different. There were definitely more dudes there than girls.  But could have been just that night. Went on a Saturday.
Went last Saturday night to watch a friends band play.  I wish this place was on the west side of town.. Live Music, No cover and super friendly people, nice casual dive bar.
great beer and whiskey selections, on the side of the bar i like to refer to as "baby yucca"!

The yucca is a cool place to catch a free show, and dance your ass off, or just chill and play pool and sip some whiskey!

For the most part the bartenders are really cool people, quick to take your order! There is one rude chick, I have no idea who she is, and I don't care, it doesn't bother me or ruin my night in any way that she is miserable!  All in all Yucca gets two thumbs up!
Great hole in the wall bar!
Dumpy dive bar with normal/nice bar prices.  WTF?  Scary location & parking, broken glass everywhere, homeless guy out front begging for spare change, graffiti in bathrooms, etc.  Beer selection nothing to get excited about either.
The best dive bar in Tempe that features Live Music with no cover charge.  All the employees here are nice and treat you with respect.  The beer is cheap and the service is good.  There is shuffle board and darts to keep you entertained between music sets.  

Even though the location is a little bit dumpy it adds to the dive bar factor and keeps the douschbags away.  If your not a douschbag and want to try something different, check out this place.
Visited this little local Craft Brew pub last Monday while bar hopping in Tempe. Funny place, two different bars in one location. A live music venue on one side, a small craft brew bar on the other. The craft beer bar is accessed through a door on the west wall in the Live Music bar. Had I not known I would have never found it! Perhaps this is done on purpose for people in the know, strange none the less. 
Once on the craft beer side I was surprised by the selection. Stone HWY78 Collaboration, Hop Knot, Epic Brewing beers, Belgian selections and many more. Of note, they also had an extensive selection of American Craft Whiskeys. Not to shabby! 
A great place for Monday day drinking as we found ourselves sat next to a couple we'd seen the previous day at Oak Creek Brewing in Sedona. Small World! The craft brew bar & tap handles were installed only recently(in the last year or so) so this place is not yet well known. We used to joke about the Yucca Tap Room, the only Tap Room w/o Taps. They have certainly remedied that problem with great a success. 
The place has a dive bar meets shabby sheik atmosphere feels quite comfortable. I'll be back. Don't be shy, give it a try!
Went to Yucca Tap Room again last night for a few pints. As usual, great draft selection.  As I said before, the place is really a bit odd. A live music venue on one side, a craft beer bar on the other. As you might guess I was in the craft beer room enjoying a Stone/Green Flash HWY78 scotch ale and hot wings. Great Pairing!  My favorite thing about this little hidden gem is that the Tap selection changes constantly. Every time I visit I try something new. Good people, great little place!
I really can't complain about a place that always has tall cans of PBR, the music here varies from night to night but the place never stops being so much fun.......it's a dive bar with plenty of interesting personalities but that's what makes this place so much fun, don't expect a mill type of crowd here much less a snobby scottsdale type of person here. You come to this place for good cold beer, cool live local music and fun times!
"Unpretentious" is the word that comes to mind when I think of Yucca Tap Room.  There's almost a refreshing quality to this stripped down dive bar--it's the polar opposite of places you'll find in Scottsdale [sigh of relief]. 

The bartenders are genuine and there's always live music to keep things interesting.  I love it because there's no cover.  Ever.  Plus, diverse musical talents bring equally unique people.  

The setup of the place is simple yet deliberate, with two separate "environments" to choose from (for lack of any other way to describe it).   There's a conventional 360-degree bar with stools lining the perimeter--the stage is on this side, making this the louder side of the place.  Thank goodness for the hooks lining the underside of the bar; this is the kind of place where you don't want your purse sitting on the ground.  There's a shuffle board on this side, and the door to the "patio."  By "patio", I mean a fenced-in strip of sidewalk along Southern Avenue where smokers can socialize.  

On the other side of the place there's another bar, backed with an expansive selection of bottled brews.  Yes, variety is what Yucca does best.  This side has a couple pool tables and some more seating.  Ladies, I highly recommend using the restroom on this side of the place. 

Don't be turned off by the first band that plays; the less talented musicians tend to play first.  Like any bar, it always gets more interesting as the night progresses.
I am biased, beware...but my love runs deep for Yucca!  Used to live walking distance so I frequented the spot.  Its a great dive bar to escape the "Mill Ave scene".  Bartenders are always super friendly and fun & I love the electronic jukebox.  There are always some interesting talents playing next door in the venue & sometimes I am really pleasantly surprised (Dry River Yacht Club was an interesting band who I ended up really liking).  

I really like the fact that it is split up so you don't HAVE to listen to the music in the next room, you can hang out in a booth, at the bar, or play some pool. Small outdoor patio space along Southern if you smoke & drinks are okay too.  The location might freak some people out if they're used to hanging out in Old Town or something but I promise it is quality fun without all the spray tans & hair gel.  So many memories. I miss the shit out of Yucca! Go here & get a peanut butter cup shot-don't forget the salt.
Total dive bar that I can ride my bike to and see great bands up close and drink dollar PBRs!! I love the Yucca!!
I really liked the wide selection of beers that they offered! However I do think they need more seating for busier nights!
Haven't been to  Yucca in about 8 years....HOLY CRAP!!! Freekin awesome!! Stopped in on a Saturday night, slam packed and a great SKA band on the stage...I had a blast. I just moved back to the area, so I will be stopping by more often!!! Great improvements!!
Very interesting local bar. Yucca sports two different "building" almost: one side is dedicated to draft and local beers on tap, with a small dining room. The other side of the building has a large bar and area for a band to play.

Yucca supports local bands so if you venture here to get a drink, know that you'll most likely happen upon a scene that involves loud music, lots of smoking, and hipsters in every corner. It's a young crowd that gets actively involved in the music playing.

But hey, wtih $2 PBRs, you can't beat the entertainment. Try it out!
Odd little dive bar. The nice young lady from Chicago helped make this a 4 star place.
Had a great time at the Yucca last night. Brought back tons of memories from the college days. *sigh*

I do believe the question "Are we that old?" came up more than once during the night though..... when did this getting old thing happen? ugh!

Anyway..... Yucca is still the great 'ol spot it always was. However I don't remember the giant beer selection from years past. It was great, I spotted a few Dog Fish Head beers, come local stuff, and some fancy stuff. Def a great place for a beer drinker!

We were there to check out a few live bands. They were great. The sound guy did a good job, and the set up was nice. The booths were a little cramped, but manageable. The smoking patio could use a few chairs maybe. The bathroom was clean and acceptable. 

Only thing that was irritating.... they need to manage the bands a little better, over 30 minutes between sets? After the second band, my favorite however, finished setting up then went out for a leisurely smoke for about 10 minutes. We had to leave before the third band got on. Please use time better. Would have liked to see more bands. 

Had an over all good time. We will be back more often for sure!
We're regulars here so obviously we love it! It's got a different vibe to it then the other Tempe bars. Has a GREAT beer selection.  Just watch out for the bands that are playing sometimes they bring in very interesting crowds.  I try to hang out in the second room, away from the live music.  Oh and try their pizza, delicious!
Alcoholic's Paradise!!!

I must say the first thing that caught my attention at this place was the hours. It opens at 6am and closes at 2am every day! The place also has no windows.

My roommate absolutely loves this place, but I'm not as much of a fan. It's a local hangout for bikers, hipsters, and people that don't appear to fit in with the traditional clientele that a bar has. From time to time, I see a group of young people stroll in, but this is mainly a hangout for people in their 30's and up.

The beer selection is pretty awesome and I think they have one of the best selections in town. The price of some drinks though is really expensive. Be careful what you order, the rarer the beer, the more it will dip into you funds.

They have a strict $10 minimum on all credit card tabs, so if you are only going for a drink you might want to bring cash. The service is ok considering the type of customers they cater to. I'm sure it has more positives and negatives that I have not mentioned, but overall, it's not a bar I would see myself going to.

In sum, it's like that house that sits on the market waiting for the right buyer: Are you ready to make an offer? Not me.
Cheap drinks, friendly service and absolutely fantastic people watching! This place has two sides, one has a live band; the other has pool and sometimes a DJ. They have different drinks/beers on each side. I've sat on both sides, and you'll see everything from a suite jacket to hardcore biker attire on the men...and t-shirts & jeans to those skimpy little skirts on skinny and not so skinny bodies for the ladies. Overall, a really good dive bar, good pizza, and a great place to hang-out.
Yucca is one of the best places to see local bands - no cover, cheap drinks and cool atmosphere. It gets a little crowded, but it only enhances a live performance experience if the band is good.
Best dive bar in town, one of the best places to catch live music. Venus is your friendly neighborhood bartender. Plenty of old locals as well as college hipsters. Great beer selection and strong cocktails, video poker as well as shuffleboard, booths and plenty of room to dance.
Yucca Isn't Yucky
By The Rue

Popped into Yucca Tap Room,
Thought I was gonig to meet my doom,
Outside it's filled with gloom,
Inside it's comfy like a mother's womb,
It doesn't have a lingering fume,
After sex I like to spoon,
It's dark inside like a tomb,
You can bring the bride and groom,
The I.P.A. makes my heart rate zoom,
Speedbuggy likes to say "varoom",
Great place for a small band to bloom,
Dropping bombs that go ka-boom,
Witches do it on their broom,
On Halloween wear a costume,
When you come here just don't assume,
There will be hot chicks wearing perfume,
If you're lucky maybe they'll consume,
Enough alcohol so you can presume,
To get it on in the bathroom.

Palo Verde!
Remember when the beauty of Yucca Tap was that there were no taps? Well times, they have a changed.

Im a fan of the redesigned stage area in the main room. The addition of a credit card machine is super as well. Kudos to the owners for opening the other side where the old italian sub shop was. Yucca has food! And its good! Love the craft beer fridges and taps on the new side as well.

I recommend going to the new side for beer, they really do have a great selection, and going to the old side or Yucca classic for a mixed drink.
If I had to choose between sex and another visit to Yucca Tap, women everywhere would be bracing themselves for disappointment.

While many bars aim to boast the LARGEST beer selection, Yucca keeps it cool, with a nice ratio of staples like PBR and Red Stripe for $3 to obscure drafts for as low as $6. Many of them come in 10-12 oz. glasses, and that's so they don't completely kick your ass. I had:

Deschutes Hop Henge Experimental IPA (8.5% ABV)
Mission Shipwrecked Double IPA (9.3%)
And some other ale from Goose Island Brewery I was too buzzed to bother noting details on. 

Also, the liquor selection. Just do it.

You don't even have to drink to enjoy this place. There's a good bar menu, a Foosball table, pool, some casino game I don't recognize, and A WHOLE OTHER BAR FOR MORE LIQUOR AND LIVE MUSIC. And they don't even charge a cover.

Just writing this review makes me wanna race out there right now, and it takes a lot to get this excited about a dive.
Cool place to see bands, never a cover, but there might be for the show on Oct. 2?
 21+over only, kids! Don't even TRY. Yeah I'm talking to YOU, baby face undercovers.
It can get rowdy in front of the band depending on the flavor, it's let go till it gets too much, at which point security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool. Pick your brother up off the floor if he's down. Stick your arm in the air and you'll be pulled up.
Sometimes they have some well-known bands play here - well known if you're up on your historic punk and HC.
******************************************************
OCTOBER 2, 2012 - The Queers ROCKED MY FACE!!!
******************************************************
Don't be a drunken idiot. 
Like I said, security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool.
They will be more than happy to wreck you if you misbehave.

OK so now on to the nitty gritty - The beer bar next door has KILLER beers at a fair price, they've just expanded the taps. The website doesn't necessarily have the most up to date list, but close. Loads of bottles to choose from as well. Look for the Firestone beers in boxes, they're hard to get. You can take that to go as well as far as I know. Beer snobs will be happy here, Yucca has the beers you've been known to expect - Sculpin IPA, Modus, and others from the likes of Left Hand, Firestone Walker, Ska, Oskar Blues, Odell, Epic, Deschutes, and more. If you see one from Goose Island, JUMP ON IT.

The food has definitely been ramped up, now they have chicken n waffles, the incredible Yucca Burger, and wings with a wide selection of flavors. Burger is ground IN-HOUSE and is a mix of rib eye and sirloin. SCRUMPTIOUS!
Generous pizza slices also on offer, and they hit the spot.
Also a selection of kosher hot dogs. Check out the website for details.
Den of AWESOMENESS!  Our server Caitlin(SP) was amazing and made sure that our beers were full and able to assist us with anything from our next IPA, Lager or anything Delish selection to food.  The bar gives good service and is quick to make sure that you're taken care of even if there are busy which I think is pinnacle to any bar and niche beer marketeteer.  The night was pretty calm for us so we only had a 6ish each of the selections but it's always a driving factor in making sure that you taste the world.  I totally love it for the atmosphere as well.  You can people watch, check out a gnarly band, play some pool (though get some cues) or get hammered de slammered on some wicked good brew.
I love me some Yucca.  I moved here from Chi City and this was one of the first bars I visited.  I really love it here!  There are great beers, good food, and one of the main reasons why I started going here was to visit with my favorite bartenders!  Truly a great atmosphere.  I love that Yucca always has a variety of shows and there is no scene here, except for the crowds that bands bring in.  Awesome place.
Yucca is a Tempe institution.  Family owned since Jesus was 2, This is a classic dive.  No cover for awesome bands.  Pool tables. Booths, barstools, hightops and a dance floor.  Excellent liqour selection, clean bathrooms, generous parking.  Plenty of seating, but its gonna get loud as the night progresses!  Not one complaint about this ultra casual bar.  Feels like Cheers to everyone, even those who are not regulars, such as myself.  The staff made me feel very welcome.  A wonderful, old school, comfortable dive.  Love it.
Yucca is a staple in my routine of dive-ish bars, and always entertaining for sure! Depending on the night the clientele can range from regulars, hip-hop heads, to metal heads and everything in between. 
Callan is one of two of my favorite bartenders there. Always so sweet, with a huge smile on her face and takes the time to make sure you get exactly what you want. My other favorite being Jared, what can i say, he makes a stiff drink and has more charm and charisma than the hoff.
Serves food until 2AM!

Saturday specials: $4 red headed slut shots... I think we are tempted. 

Too bad we didn't see the 3rd red head who walked by us as we all agreed to take it on the 3rd one that walks by. :(

I've been eyeing this place for the longest time since I've been seeing my two friends from Arizona checking into this place. Finally got to try it out and....

I only liked the drinks, atmosphere and the pool table. Totally did NOT like the food that night. On their menu, there is a bar snacks and entree section. I decided to eat something small since I know I cannot finish a burger or a taco by myself, so I got the chicken and beef kabobs. Some of you should know how a kabobs look like right? If you don't, they look like this http://yieatn.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/kabobs-719954.jpg and what yucca gave me was only meat and no veggies. Disappointed...I wished they at least listed on the menu somewhere 'just meat' When I got the kabobs, my chicken tasted fine, but my beef tasted like it got dipped into salt at least 5x... Ugh. I hope the food only tasted that yucks because of not having enough people in the kitchen. I mean... if you're going to serve bar snacks, it shouldn't take 40-50 mins. Gah....

Pool table entertained us the most throughout the night. $1 quarters a game. Plus there's a live band in the other room if you're interested in listening. By the way, there's also another bar in the same room where the band places but only a couple of tables to sit down. 

maybe it's a bad night that we went...I guess we'll have to find out the next time I visit! Until then...this place was OKAY.
Ok, so why does no one mention the "Food"??? Must admit I'm in the older crowd... I like it on the early side, before the music starts... This place has been here forever, perfect spot for Friday nite dinner stop and CRAZY GOOD FOOD! Bacon Waffle Patty Melt w/ Tots and all dipped in Syrup! I love it! Definitely on the divey side, but shout out to ERIC in Security.. He will make you feel special and welcome! Check it out!!
Now with cover? i think i am going to some place better if i have to pay for it.... was a cool place before they started charging a cover charge.
this is a great location in Tempe away from Mill street, has a large selection of beers on tap and bottled, and the menu  has something for everyone, the bar splits in two one is for live music and they regularly have live bans playing and the other side has a poll table and has all the beers on tap.
3.5 stars.

I liked how the bar is split into two, separated by a door. One that was more of a hangout bar, and the other was for live bands. They have a good selection of beer on tap, at good prices, and the wings were okay. The bartender wasn't bad, a bit oblivious to customers at times, but she was nice.
They had some free live music going on Tuesday night and the first band was pretty good. Two rooms and a patio make this place unique. Large selection of craft beers in the dining room area of the place. I tried the fried chicken breast and waffle sandwich. I brought it home, but fell asleep. Some of the waffle was already soaked in syrup (two kinds, but both regular and chipotle tasted similiar) and the breast was big and seasoned well. I chopped it up the following day and it was ok, minus a few fatty segments. Large menu, but small kitchen with one guy working. Good place to get drinks and see new bands. Middle of shopping mall.
I live in the neighborhood and come here often. There's always live music, been to a lot of great shows there. I wish they would bring back the Disney movie marathons on Sundays, that was always awesome. The one side is the main area with the stage and a bar offering liquor and crappy drafts. The other side has like 20 taps with great micro brews and a beer fridge with more goodies. 

The service is usually crappy but the food is AMAZING. Recently they redid the menu. Hands down the BEST HOT WINGS ever. I also would recommend their chicken and waffles and the french fry platter with the kimchee and Koren BBQ is great. I love chili cheese fries but their chili is like lame can chili and its nacho cheese. While the food is awesome I always get sick the next day. Not sure if its the crappy bar food quality, grease, or poor cleanliness standards. Im addicted to their wings so I will keep going back. Bottom line is: Eat their hot wings and drink good beer.
Fries were fried perfectly,  Crisp and not at all greasy.  The chipotle mayo was very good.  I don't like the seasoning on the fries though, just salt for me please.

The steak burger comes with a nice brioche (I think) bun.  The burger was well cooked but it was over seasoned with some kind of mixture I didn't care for.

The bartender was great, the right amount of sarcastic surliness and pleasant friendliness.  

If the seasoning on the burger would have been more to my liking the place would have been a 3-4 for me.  There are some other things I may like to try so if I find myself in the neighborhood again I may hit it up.
Dive bar / casual atmosphere but the bartenders are so awesome and friendly! (Shoutout to Jared and Leah who I just met recently).
The parking lot is hard to find if you've never been.
Delicious drinks, food, and great music...I'm definitely a fan.
It's a fun dive bar with an amazing selection of brews. Plus, the kitchen cooks up some pretty good dishes. Service is pretty good, we didn't wait long for anything and there was definately a crowd. They have live music regularly, which is really nice. But my biggest qualm with the place is that they had live music playing in one room and a DJ playing in another. I'd rather just have one or the other.
Huge expansion. Decent selection of foods! Huge selection of craft beers to add to their pre-tap days offerings. And plenty of live music without a cover (usually). All without sacrificing the dive bar atmosphere.
I am all about Yucca Tap Room. (Except your parking lot. It sucks. I feel like I almost always scrape my undercarriage of my car on those speed bumps because I forget they are there).
Anyway...fun, live music, awesome service, and the ambiance, while dive bar-ish, is inviting. It's a cozy environment with two rooms to separate the bar/restaurant from the live entertainment. Let me tell you why I LOVE places that do this.

I am a music fanatic. However, there are sometimes those days where you go somewhere, like Yucca, or any other food-serving bar for that matter, and you just want to eat. It's AWESOME that I can still watch the live entertainment on the televisions they have propped on the walls while still being able to hear my friends speak. Sometimes you just have to separate the ones who came for the show and the ones who came for the food.

Speaking of the food. Bar food. I mean...how good is it going to actually get? At Yucca, I have the pleasure of saying, it actually gets pretty good. 

But it's still a bar... right? Yes. So the drink specials are quite comparable to other bars as well. I have to say, I do enjoy me some Yucca Tap Room. It is a place that I will continue to frequent providing I am in the area, or if I have a friend's band playing there and whatnot.
According to the bartender, I sat on the non-divey half of the bar because I was a little confused that many of the reviews called this a dive bar. Either that or my definition of a dive bar involves more hobos and dilapidated captain's chairs with the not so faint smell of old cigarette smoke and moldy wood paneling.  
At any rate...the beer selection is GREAT.  As an almost exclusive imbiber of the IPA , it was pretty great having several good beers to choose from.  And the kimchi bulgogi fries were stupendous.  Stupidly delicious.  My Korean mom is probably shaking her fist at the mere thought of the gluttonous, fatassery of a huge plate of fries covered in meat and kimchi.  You can also choose to get tots over fries.  Why I didn't notice that before I placed my order...I'll just have to live with myself until next time.  I would totally come back here, maybe next time I'll come at an hour where there are other patrons.  I bet this place gets a lot of cool people milling about.
Most critical fact: they have fernet branca. Se sirve fernet branca! Aguante Argentina!

Review is tricky because depending on your checklist for a bar it's either three stars or five, thus the 4 star rating. More on that in the next paragraph but here's the second most critical fact: beer is ridiculously cheap and food portions are ridiculously large. Oh and third most critical point: the friendliest bartenders I've ever met work here, 

Ok now the real review. You will give this place five stars if any of the following describes you:
*you are a hipster
*you enjoy motorcycles
*you enjoy small bands live
*you enjoy a good deal, regardless of atmosphere
*portions matter more than the product served
*you are looking for fernet (caution, the mix is strong)
*service matters to you

Now who would give it three stars?
*People looking for the hip bar, this place is not very crowded
*People looking for trendy or original mixed drinks
*People looking for smaller portions with less grease
*People looking for great food (it's good for a bar, but besides the portions, unremarkable)

All in all I had a solid experience and I will be back. A great place to start your evening. Maybe that would have just been the best way to write this review.
Despite not getting the plate I ordered, I was extremely pleased with my experience here. 

The live music was surprisingly awesome and the service was good.
Not a typical date night spot, but my fiance & I enjoyed it tremendously! 

(missing one star because I didn't get what I ordered)
My only complaint:  The bands that play here kinda suck.  Other than that (which isn't the Yucca Tap Room's fault entirely) this is a great place for people to make new friends and grab some drinks.  It's not too crowded.  When I went here, they couldn't take credit cards--but that's unusual.  Something happened of course, so I won't deduct a star for it being CASH ONLY (my greatest pet peeve) because obviously THEY DO TAKE CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS here.
This bar really has two distinct personalities. There is the original bar which has a few taps, but mostly bottles & cans. It is more of a traditional dive bar and has the major label beers (plus some of the forgotten brews that are more nostalgic now such as Hamm's & PBR). I was impressed that I checked in and received a Yelp coupon for 50% off of my first drink. I had a tall Red Stripe, a Hamm's, and a PBR for a grand total of $6. 

Next door, or through the door in inside the bar, is a second version of the bar. This has a whole different feel. It is more of a craft beer, newer bar. Unlike the chalk board menu next door, this section of the bar has electronic menus with a good assortment of micro-brews. Each of the ones I had on this side were $6 each. 

A huge highlight for me was the menu. I ordered a Sonoran hot dog for $3.95. Being engaged to a lady from Sonora I have had several from various places. The Sonoran hot dog here was probably the best I have ever had. And it was cheap! 

I like this place because it does have two different personalities and depending on your mood, one of them will be right for you. I like the newer side with a good selection of draughts and bottles. Not to mention the hot dog!
I am definitely biased towards Yucca because all of my friends have played this venue at some point.  But what I can enjoy from an unbiased perspective is the fact that it is free to see music on Fridays (I believe, if this is still their policy).  It is a good way to get out, go to a friendly dive bar, listen to local music, and drink with some good friends.  Bar tenders are always friendly, they usually have a great selection of beers (I love their digital beer menu), and their food ain't so bad, either! You have to park in the back of the strip mall to go in, and there are usually two places to walk into: one room has the stage where local bands play, the other room has the large list of beers and has an interesting movie playing on the tvs as well as music blasting over the speakers.  Yucca is always a good time.
I'm not too sure of what Yucca Tap was like before the added the billiards room. I'd imagine it smelled bad and was cramped all the time. That is not the case any more!

The food here is American-style bar food that is better than most of the similarly themed food on Mill Avenue, and cheaper to boot. They have a load of TVs if sports are your thing, and a sizable collection of rotating taps.

The older part, where they have free live shows almost nightly is great for people who enjoy intimate venues. Bad for cigarette smokers because the patio is small, or you'll have to go out front.
Loving this place. Great music, perfect hot wings, and a good drink list. If beer is your thing they've got plenty. There are probably at least 30 whiskeys too.
I didn't know what to think when we pulled up the the bar, but I'm glad we went in. Very small but very good! Many beers and other drinks to choose from.
Great food and a good place to unwind, there is a pool table thats usually not being used but there is only one. Other than that they have incredible drinks, music, shows, and are really reasonably priced. Don't forget to grab a bite either, their food is surprisingly good.
This dive bar is awesome! I loved that there are 30 beers on tap to choose from and many more bottled. Any bar that carried lambic is a bar for me! The food was delicious and affordable. Everyone in my party enjoyed the food they ordered.
They've got live music every night. Great food and beer to choose from. 
Definitely must try out the Yucca Burger.
Was recently visiting family and my brother found this cool little bar! I can't discuss it's location because, frankly, I don't know my way around. But the inside was cool, slightly divey, but still nice and relaxed.

It was a Saturday night so the beats were bumpin'!! The DJ was a bit loud, but service was good. And the rock band on the other side was pretty killer too!! I like the split between the bars to allow a little bit of diversity but sound proofing between the two sides. My only complaint? Bathroom cleanliness could have been a bit better.

Overall, great experience! Enjoyed it, would recommend it, WILL RETURN next time I'm in town!!
I stand corrected....they do have quite a few beers on tap and a nice digital menu board, however, I was just sitting at the bar in the little section where the bands play, and a bartender literally threw a glass at the bar where patrons were crowded around, breaking it on the edge of the bar and sticking a customer with a shard of glass.  I will not return.  at the barest minimum he didn't charge us for our drinks after that.  free alcohol is one way to avoid a lawsuit.
The only thing that made this worth while was seeing Pulley perform, other then that its nothing to gloat about.
I've been going to the Yucca since I moved to AZ in 2007. In fact, it's the very first bar I ever went to when I first moved to Tempe!  They have great prices, good drinks, friendly staff and awesome live local bands.  There are two bars here, and each is really different.  One side is your classic "dive bar", and the other side is a little more upscale with micro brews and other fine spirits.  The food is also very good and they have great hot wings.  On Friday and Saturday nights there are a lot of ASU students there, but there are also locals too so the crowd is always pretty diverse.  This is an awesome place to get out of the heat and put a few back anytime day or night!
Came in late at night while driving through and were surprised that they had delicious food options. Music was loud. Crowd was relatively diverse. Bouncers at the door look intimidating but they were friendly chatting us up about the fact that they had pretty tasty eats for a bar. Our servers were quick and nice even if they may have looked kinda intimidating with their tattoos and shaved heads. An unexpected find for late night eats! Thanks for leading us here Yelp.
I have had intentions to come here for a long time. The reviews have been suspiciously good, and I felt that I needed to know why. But, it isn't all good so I will try provide the lay of the land. 

The good
It's a two room bar that has both room and potential. It's a classic dive that gives a homey feel to regulars. They have a happy hour, but it is not needed due to the very reasonable prices on a normal night. Ex. I ordered a Captain and coke, and the lady asked me if I wanted a tall or a short. I ordered a tall and that was 5 bucks. Now you might ask, how much rum can there be in a $5 cptncoke, and I claim 'enough'. This impressed me so much that I stayed for another one. 

The other part of the bar have craft beers and I need to check that out on my next visit, because there will be a next visit for sure. The bartender lady was nice and clearly the caretaker of the regular day-drinkers. 

The bad
I knew where this place was, and when I parked in the back I wasn't sure I wanted to go in. I didn't know if I wanted to park my car here. The people that roam this plaza is of the seedy type and that is not something I like. But this bar has been around for a long time, and I am sure that the area has changed during that time. I will give it the benefit of the doubt. 

The unknown
I haven't been here late at night. I need to. I want to check out the true clientele of this place, and not just the time-passers. They have bands that play here, I don't know how good they are or how wild it gets. This is another thing I have to figure out.
This place is awesome! One side has a DJ and a pool table with specialty beers you can order by name or number. The other side has a stage and live bands so you are just a door away from choosing which kind of atmosphere you would like. A mixed crowd of people but everyone for the most part seem to enjoy themselves. In the few times I have been there I have not seen any incidents there.The place has character for sure and drinks are reasonable. Well worth the look. My only gripe is the bathroom is single toilet and not so nice but I still give it 5 stars because everything else is so good.
Great local Tempe bar and venue! The Yucca is a few steps above a dive, with a great beer and liquor selection, and fair prices. Great place to start or end your night, or to catch a gig. Also, lots of craft beers on tap in the east room, great place to try new brews if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg at World of Beers on Mill.
I'm not in AZ very often, but when I am - this is THE place to meet friends and family (leave the kids at home)! Try one of the local brews after you've had your fill of PBR!  Yucca has it all - good music, good food, good prices, good location and best of all - sans a cover charge!  I'll be back when I'm back in town!
The food is very good! Service can be terrible. Like trying to eat or drink at a record store. Stop talking to the regulars, earn some tips and money for your owner.
This bar is my guilty pleasure; without feeling so guilty. To summarize, I have a connection to this bar as Jerry Sienfield had a connection to his coffee shop. Not a fancy place but it works.
 Now for newcomers, this place offers great bands almost everyday of the week.
-onThursdays they have a small weekly event of painting and rap shows called blunt club; ten years and running. 
-On Mondays they have small games where you can win beer gift cards for 20-50$! This place has pool tables and in the next room they have bands playing. The days range from punks to "hipsters" to rockers, rappers, no yuppies, older crowd to younger crowds; this bar has rare sightings of your typical ASU student. 
I enjoy meeting some weird people here and it gets to be quite weird at times! All in all 
It's just an easy place to get comfortable...
Music atmosphere was cool I'll give them that. Definitely not a very friendly place though. I go in late to watch a friend of my play a show and felt like I could have been stabbed anytime. You feel like an outsider if you don't go every night. The staff wasn't very professional and let random customers step behind the bar to do what they wish. Random music being playing in the off room by a loud DJ with no one dancing or even in the bar with Harry Potter movies being played on all the TVs. What kind of place is this? If they didn't have decent live music, I wouldn't see any women feeling convertible in here.
Plain and simple this place kicks butt! Great food and great music with a fun staff. This is a staple in this community!
Desert-dwelling Parrotheads and tourist-trap lovers can rejoice now that a Margaritaville outpost is open in Glendale's Westgate. My cute suburban parents have an affinity for anything remotely tourist-trappy [perhaps that's a Freudian explanation of my Yelpiness].  So I knew they'd be all over this place during their most recent visit.  

After the Cardinals game we wanted to wait out the unbearable traffic jams so we indulged Pops and sauntered into this bar.  Beyond the raucous post-game crowd and the Saturday night crowds we saw the day before, we were  startled and shocked to see a stilts-walking clown (I am not fucking kidding) going table to table making balloon animal figures. Besides the dining area and elevated bar, you can choose from the outside patio and upstairs tiki dining balcony.

After spotting a gigantic mound of nachos in the shape of a volcano we decided we must have that.  So we ordered up a round of margaritas on the rocks with salt and the "Volcano Nachos" and some of the Florida delicacy known as Conch Fritters.  The margaritas were surprisingly blah.  I can name a dozen places in town where you can find better margaritas - Sam's Cafe, Barrio Cafe, Los Dos, Dos Gringos to name a few. People obviously must not come here for the margs.

These Volcano Nachos were bigger than my face.  I mean it was huge.  Much better tasting than what we had next door at Fox Sports Grill and definitely more memorable.  

I foresee Margaritaville becoming a landmark here in Glendale. The restaurant faces out onto the Jobing.com Arena doorstep and Westgate fountain-style plaza so it's in a prime location, but having been dragged to the ones in Las Vegas and Key West - it's just doesn't have that sense of place. [wah-wah sound here]
If I could give 4 stars for atmosphere and 3 stars for food I would.

With all the hype of getting a Margaritaville I guess was expecting a little more in the way of Margaritas and cheeseburgers. But I was underwhelmed with both. You can get a much better burger next door at Yardhouse and a much better selection of Margaritas from Salty Senorita. With that aside this place is quite the spectacle. It has 2 stories, a stage, fishing boat booths, and every other piece of decor that a Parrothead could love. TV's broadcast Jimmy himself rocking out and some odd montages of Parrothead outings. Live music is offered here several nights of the week and they offer 2-3 bar areas. If defiantly won't become part of the regular rotation but from time to time we might wonder in looking for our lost shaker of salt.
I was so looking forward to enjoying myself here with a group of friends about a month ago. I was even hoping it would be cool enough to host a close friend's party since she's such a big Jimmy Buffett fan. Unfortunately, I was terribly disappointed. 
The day I went it was cold (for Phoenix) and pouring. I actually waited in my car for a good 20 minutes hoping the rain would lessen. I still ended up sprinting across the parking lot, getting soaked in the process. This is when I discovered Westgate has no overhangs whatsoever. Everyone was getting absolutely drenched so I was eager to get inside the restaurant and dry off. 
Ha! So apparently, someone thought it would be cool if the restaurant had one whole wall that would open up into the patio area, kind of an indoor-outdoor sort of thing. That would be really cool in the summer, but not when it's 40 degrees and raining! 
Our table was only a few feet from the patio area (where they were still seating people in the rain!) and I asked several times if they would consider closing the wall so it wouldn't rain inside the restaurant and get us sick. The waitress said she would check with the manager. Yeah, they never closed the wall. So we spent our meal cold with the wind blowing all around us. 
The food was overpriced and poorly done. I ordered the Crab Cake sandwich which was way too rich and doused in some salty sauce. One of my friends ordered a sandwich that comes with sun-dried tomato mayo. When she got the sandwich, there were no mayo at all. It took the waitress three trips to remember the mayo and when she put it down we were shocked. It was green! Now, I don't know about anyone else, but where I came from sun-dried tomatoes are red. The waitress left before we could ask. Turns out it was some avocado thing instead. Then the waitress tried to charge extra for it. I'm sorry but the mayo is supposed to already be on the sandwich! Ugh!
Overall, just an awful experience.
You know, I never understood why Parrotheads get so excited about Jimmy Buffet.  After my first visit to Margaritaville... I still don't understand. I get it, it's a way of life or state of mind, a way to cut loose... but continuous videos of tailgating at Jimmy Buffet shows, with Chesney or Wilson thrown in every 10th video? Not for me. I'm sure a lot of people find this place to be like a little 'cheeseburger in paradise'. The atmosphere is kind of fun, but with a quoted 'one to two hour wait time', at a place that will not do reservations or call-ahead seating, it would be nice to have bigger bars to kill that wait time. The food is not bad. I will say the Volcanic Nachos were like manna from heaven, after we got seated, stacked THIIIIIS high with lots and lots of 'penos. My fish tacos were nothing to write home about, and the side of 'paradise' or something of that nature rice was... rice with carrots and peas. Huh. I have to say, though, I did not feel ripped off. The food wasn't stellar but at $10 for a good-sized helping, it was decent. My friends ordered other things and I really did not hear any raving. One person's steak was still mooing, after ordering it medium. 

Service was really, really good. I wish I could do a separate 4 stars for the staff, they were awesome. I never had to ask for another drink, and our guy was incredibly patient while we waited for the rest of our party to show up after we had been seated. We did not feel rushed at all, and that means a lot in such a packed restaurant where others are obviously waiting still. They split our check without batting an eyelash. I tipped accordingly, you should too. These guys were facing a mosh pit with smiles on their faces. The balloon guy on stilts was a hoot (ask him to give you crabs if you go) and the live band was classic college alt rock, about 5 years after college. No one danced, which I thought was pretty funny. They didn't sound too bad. 

Definitely a place for Parrotheads or those into doing the trendy theme restaurant thing. :)
Finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A Margaritaville close to home! I am a local and have  been to 8 Margaritavilles (Key West, Las Vegas, Ocho Rios, Montego Bay, Orlando, Grand Cayman, Cozumel,Glendale)! Yes, I am a long time parrothead and love Jimmy Buffett-his music, the parrothead lifestyle, and of course, margaritas!. This location doesn't have slides that empty into a pool or water, nor do they  have trampolines in the ocean to bounce on, but is sits right off the Westgate dancing fountains, so there is water around! Margaritaville Glendale is in the Westgate Center which is in the Cardinal Stadium complex (hate the name University of Phoenix Stadium). You can sit inside or outside. The food is wonderful-The Volcano Nachos are towering feasts of wonder and are made for more than one person to eat! The Jamaica Mistaika wings are sweet yet spicy, and the Corn and Crab Chowder soup is delightfully good! The Margaritas get my 10 lime seal of approval!! I have yet to ever have a bad margarita at any of the locations and it's nice to know that you can order a drink and expect excellence, time and time again! The ceiling depicts The Arizona Beach (you know after California drifts away from the mainland). I have to limit my review to 4 stars as when we were there on opening day and having a great look around at the nuances of this locale, the manager was a bit uptight about it, and it put a bit of a downer on the 1st visit. The waitstaff are wonderful as are the Smuggler's hold staff, especially Shay!  There really isn't a trademark "thing" like a blender that gets dived into, or an exploding volcano. That would have been nice!
-----------
Update August 2009. -We've been back more than once but I wanted to give Margaritaville KUDOS for outstanding customer service. I have now upgraded my review to 5 stars. Never let it be said that one person can not represent an entire chain of restaurants in one fell swoop. We went for lunch August  27th and ordered conch fritters for appetizers. We both had frozen Desdemona Raspberry Ritas as well. I then ordered a lunch size Chicken Caesar Salad, and my daughter ordered Bayou Shrimp Pasta. Upon it's arrival, my salad looked and tasted divine.My daughter didn't realize the pasta dish had sausage in it, and was looking at it making a funny face. I had just asked her what was wrong when our waitress appeared. She could also see my daughter sort of picking at the dish. My dtr. asked if there was sausage in it and the waitress said yes. This waitress ( I believe her name was Heather) immediately, and I mean IMMEDIATELY offered to take it back and get her something else.She said we wouldn't be charged for it at all, and she'd be glad to get her something she could eat. It was her immediate willingness to resolve this matter that made me ask her to go ahead and put it in a to go box and I would take it home to my hubby. She asked "Are you sure 'cause it is no problem to just switch them out". I assured her that it would be fine, and my dtr. ordered another shrimp dish which was wonderful! In this day and age, having someone so willing to make something right is refreshing!! I am hoping that Margaritaville sees this and recognizes the young lady for her outstanding customer service!!! The frozen raspberry ritas got 10 out of 10 limes for being frozen concoctions of pure delight!!
My buddies and I decided to hit up the west side last night and visited Margaritaville.  It was one of the most fun nights out that I have had in quite some time.

We got there and lucked out and were able to get a table in the bar area that was in a prime location with views of everything going on.  From there on, the night just kept getting better and better.

I'll start with the food.  Everything that we ordered (peel n' eat shrimp, tortilla soup, jambalaya, fish tacos, and the "cheeseburger in paradise") were excellent.  Our server was one of the friendliest, coolest girls that we have ever met, and made sure that there was never an empty bottle of beer on our table.

As for the atmosphere, this was a tale of two worlds.  As the night began for us (right around 8:00), it seemed like the complete opposite of a night out in the Scottsdale area.  There were actually more girls in the place out and about and having fun than there were guys.  Plenty of cute girls (not a single one fitting the "Scottsdale" mold) from all walks of life outnumbered the guys by a 3:1 ratio.  I'm so used to heading out to places where it is just a sausage-fest with all the guys there that I almost didn't know what to do with myself.  And the dudes that were there were normal as well, very casually dressed and just there having a good time with the group of people they came with.  Plus people weren't there trying to pick up on folks and act all cool, but rather there just to enjoy a night out.  Then, almost as the clock struck midnight, things changed.  Suddenly it seemed that the place filled up with the "Scottsdale crowd," meaning girls all done up and dudes that looked (and acted) like complete douche bags.  It turned into a sausage fest full of people normally found on the other side of town.  After viewing ridiculous and immature behavior by the new crowd, we settled up and left.

The band that performed there this night was AMAZING.  They started at 10:00pm and played covers of popular songs from many genres of music.  There was a small area down by the stage for dancing, and as the night went on more and more people were out there dancing and having a good time.

I definitely plan to make this a regular occurrence on Friday nights.  The drive out from where I live in Tempe was well worth it.  I'll just make sure to leave before midnight next time.
So Margaritaville will do "preferred seating" if you call in advance, which is basically like reservations.  However, since the only reason anyone's ever over in that part of town is because of a sporting event or other crowded event, the "preferred seating" goes fast.  Despite that hurdle, I still came by after my graduation ceremony at the stadium next door, and I was delighted that the wait was only 30 minutes for our party of seven.  Dining here in the daytime was a bit of a disappointment.  The music was loud, but it wasn't too festive, and I think it was coming from the tvs instead of a live band, since I never saw a band there that day.  The margarita deserves 5 stars.  Outstanding!  But the fish tacos that came highly recommended were very bad.  I ended up barely eating them.  I get very annoyed when a menu does not disclose the ingredients in a dish, and there were onions all over these tacos.  If you hate onions, don't order them.  The nachos were good, but covered in beef, so I had to eat them very carefully.  We skipped desert.  The bill for all seven, including the tips, 7 margaritas, 7 soft drinks, seven entres and an appetizer came to less than $200, so I guess that's good, right?  I'd come back if I was in the area, but I'd be more inclined, if it were daytime, to try something new in the area instead.
Only been once. Ordered the volcano nachos and split them with a girlfriend. 

plusses: HUUUUUGE nachos, with all the toppings you can imagine. Both of us ate it for dinner and couldn't finish it. It was really good though. Shredded AND liquid cheese?? mmm. Signature mixed drinks were tasty. 

minuses: they charge you if you want extra salsa (???), and it was INSANELY loud in there. i had to basically cuddle up next to my friend just to hear what she was saying, and even then I repeated the word "what??" about 892343 times. This probably makes me a crotchety old woman, but DAMN does it really need to be so loud that i can't enjoy a conversation??

Would be good for a party-evening, but otherwise I probably won't go back.
A group of girlfriends decided to meet up for a week day happy hour and we decided on Margaritaville. I'm familiar with the concept as I lived in Florida for many years and know the Buffet songs. That said, I was a bit disappointed. I figured there would be a great margarita selection and plenty of cheeseburgers. Instead, I found a Caribbean inspired Applebee's menu and a handful of pricey margaritas. 

However, we ended up happy. And I guess that's the point, happy hour right? The grand total for 4 girls was around $35. That included 8 beers, 2 margaritas, an order of nachos, and 1 specialty drink. The nachos we ordered were HUGE, but tasty. With 4 people, we still didn't finish them all. 

We sat outdoors on the patio and it was perfect. That may have been a factor more of the weather than anything else.

It was a nice place to have a few drinks and grab a bite to eat. Seeing as I'm not too close to the Westgate area, I doubt I'll be running to return.
service was sloooowwwww.. they would. not. stop. playing. jimmy. buffet. there was an annoying dude making balloon animals and walking on stilts -- seriously. 

the food was good, though..  a little bit on the priced too high side, but not so much that you feel violated.. mmm.. violated... it has been a while.
I think Margaritaville exists only to give others what a prelude of what Hell, if it indeed exists, would be like; consuming overpriced coconut shrimp and other seafood cliches while the same four or five songs are pumped through the sound system (with accompanying video, because nothing whets your appetite like seeing senile rock stars struggling through a live performance).

The food looks and tastes like a Red Lobster menu with a makeover. It's the same garbage you've eaten at every other seafood restaurant ever, except this time the dishes have clever references to Jimmy Buffet songs in their name.

What's the difference between the "Cheeseburger In Paradise" and a Whopper? Five bucks.

Every drink contains sweet and sour mix. I swear to god, even my pina colada had a greenish tint to it. 

On busy nights they hire clowns and stilt walkers, who sing along to the songs and even add in their own words. Sometimes they walk to your table and shoot fake ketchup at you. At least you know why the food is overpriced, right?

As if all these crimes against decency aren't enough, if you end up having to wait for a table you're encouraged to browse the gift shop, where for the cost of your dinner you can get a shirt depicting a parrot interpreting the lyrics of the very song you've been forced to listen to all night. 

Where's a White Castle when you need one?
The service was good.  The wings were tasty.  The crab cake sandwich was a huge disappointment.  I've had these 10x better at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco.  We couldn't get a table inside, so thank god for the misters outside (felt like at least the mid 80's that evening).
I am not a fan of Jimmy Buffet by any means.  I think he and his parrot can go stuff themselves.  No, seriously.  Anyway, I found myself here one night with my cousin and his gf for dinner.  I had the Calypso Mahi Mahi, which was decent, but I turned out to be a fan of the island rice.  It was zesty and had some raisins in it.  Everything was just ok.
Service was terrible here. We told the hostess it was our first time here and she sat us outside, and it was cold that night and I had no jacket. There were people smoking at an outside bar that was making me ill. When I asked about the smoking they said that there was smoking on the outside patio, when asked to be moved I was told that it could be 45 minutes to an hour wait. So we stayed. 

Mu husband ordered the cuban sandwich and I had a burger. We also ordered drinks..I got the chambard margarita and he had a jack and coke. Food was expensive for what we got and the portions were very small. My drink was horrible and made me feel sick after I drank it, the husband says he swore they gave him crown and coke..and was weak as all hell. 

I was baffled that this is Margaritaville and they serve the drinks in plastic cups...WHY???? I was expecting a fun or fancy glass. I was sad.

Not impressed at all with this place...and would not really want to go back, just don't see any reason to.
Way too much for lousy margaritas. Jimmy should take his name off this restaurant as it is an embarrassment compared to something like the Cabo Wabo Cantina. Now there's a very cool place with good food and drink.
OK so I've read the reviews and I can't disagree but on the other hand I have to tell readers to remember why you are coming to MARGARITAVILLE...It's an experience people...You're not coming here for a meal because there is no where else to go...You're coming here because it's what it is...

Drinks are good...I've had better
Food is good...I've had better
Music is awesome...It's Buffett man cmon he is the best in concert I've seen him like ten times so coming to his restaurant is totally fun. 

When I come to Margaritaville I'm not coming to have a dining experience I usually come to show friends a fun time...visit the gift shop and listen to great music and watch the TV's. That is what MARGARITAVILLE is all about. If you want more than that it is going to disappoint.

If you want something really great though...The Nacho's will NOT disappoint they are yummy...
Maybe it was post-Tina Turner afterglow, maybe it was the amazing company of my best buddy and sister, maybe it was the tequila and the lime... 

After the concert, we were famished from watching Tina with all of her crazy energy, so we followed the crowds to Margaritaville. The decor is as far from sublte as you can imagine. There is fake sea gull poo. There was a live band and lots of Wast Valley folk getting down. There are plastic palm trees and two over-the-top levels of Caribbean "paradise."

The reason I just have to give this place 4 stars despite all it's ridiculousness and awful kitsch, is that  our server was awesome- and for me, service absolutely makes or breaks an experience. He was incredibly cool and patient which is pretty amazing considering how flooded this place gets with patrons after shows. All I wanted in the world was a blue cheese burger & they don't offer one. So, I (annoyingly I'm sure) chose a random burger off the menu and substituted all the toppings to make exactly what I wanted and the server didn't even blink. When I got my burger (quickly too!) it was just how I had ordered it, PLUS cooked correctly AND even remembered that I wanted onion rings instead of french fries.  For that moment in time, I was a very happy Parrothead.

I don't plan on making the trek out to Glendale to become a regular or anything, but it is definitely a place I would go in the future for a "Cheeseburger in Paradise" after a nearby event!
I'm not down with restaurants that are decorated as if someone took a ride on Disneyland's Jungle Boat Cruise and thought they were hit with interior design brilliance, i.e. Rain Forest Cafe, Islands....ya feel me?  To me, these restaurants have more of an appeal to kids and I'm supposed to be getting tanked there so I can tolerate the screaming rugrats? Ha.

Well, this place wasn't overrun with kids watching their parents throw back shots of tequila and that was a plus.  So after the nice hostesses told us that we could seat ourselves at the bar, my friend and I planted ourselves at the one downstairs.  Our bartender was a friendly gal.  I asked for a drink menu which didn't have the most exciting concoctions, but I chose to order the Uptown Top Shelf margarita from her.

My drink was pretty good, but what surprised me about this one was that I had expected the drink to come out of a gun.  Hot damn, she free-poured it right in front of my face!  

Now, with a restaurant named Margaritaville, one, or at least I, would expect that there would be an impressive selection of tequila.  Not here.  I spied about 5 different brands and that was it.  That was really disappointing so much so that instead of doing shots of Patron, my friend & I opted to try something off of the shot menu called an Overseas High made with blue curacao.  Not bad for something fruity.

My experience there was ok for a little pre-gaming to see the Coyotes.  Two of these stars go to the bartender's service and attitude.  The other star is for the drink prices.  Someone from L.A. can double their BAC level here.
Went for happy hour a few months ago.  My first time at Westgate.  Must visit again soon.  Very crowded.  I really liked the yacht table-tops.  Reminds me of a great seafood place in CT that had a real yacht floating on water inside the restaurant where a couple could actually dine in private!  I DID NOT like the clown on stilts wandering all over the place... very strange and so out of place (unless there's a Buffet song that mentions stilted clowns, then I suppose it would make more sense!).  Maybe it's just me... I DON'T LIKE  clowns- just like Carrie opined in Sex and the City, clowns give me the creeps!

However, what do not give me the creeps are the $1 mini-cheeseburgers in paradise (sliders) and the wings!  The sliders were even charred, just like in Buffet's song.  Haha.  Still pretty tasty.  And I loved the margarita made with blue curacao... But maybe any drink would taste great to me if I hadn't had any in months??  Come to think of it, anything you like but haven't had in a long time would look/smell/sound/taste/feel great... "Absence makes the heart grow fonder," they say.  

If it weren't for the clowns on stilts, I'd have gone back a second time.
Huge nachos, ok drinks, ok service, good crowd. I have never been disappointed while coming here.
The atmosphere was great, the food was excellent, even the water tasted good.  I highly recommend it.  Be sure to ask about their VIP program at the register before you buy and you can save money at the restaurant and gift shop.

I will definitely be going back!
I hate Jimmy Buffett music.  Why do I even come here?  I went here once out of curiosity, and then the other 4 or 5 (yes really, that many) times I have been because that's where everyone else already was and we got invited.  Let me remind you, I hate Jimmy Buffett music.  It's so annoying!

Aside from the fact that I am inundated with music that I can't stand, and usually it's the same three songs over and over, the food here is not bad.  I usually get the coconut shrimp because they are always crispy and they actually taste like there is some coconut on them, unlike most places that like to overcharge you for "coconut" shrimp.  It also comes with a really yummy marmalade dipping sauce.  I actually love their peel and eat shrimp though.  I think they are boiled in beer or something, and they come in a big giant clam dish filled with ice.  Kind of weird, but it makes me laugh.  The shrimp themselves are really yummy, tasting exactly like peel and eat shrimp should.  The cocktail sauce they serve with it is a really nice pairing to the shrimp.  It's moderately spicy so it doesn't kill my tastebuds before I am finished eating.

The service here is usually lacking.  Well, I take that back, it's always lacking.  You have to track someone down to get refills.  Aside from that, I have never found any of my servers to be particularly personable there.  Maybe it's because they hate Jimmy Buffett music too and they are miserable because they work there.  Or maybe they are just sick of dodging that stupid person on stilts who makes balloon thingies.  I hate that person.

Considering there isn't a whole lot to do in Westgate, Margaritaville isn't a bad option.  It gets crowded really easily though, so put your name in early or come on a non weekend night.  This place is just okay, but the tourist factor appeals to a lot of people.
If you like Pina Coladas, and getting caught in the rain ... if you're not into yoga, and you have half a brain ....  DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE

If you are a middle aged individual who wants to hit the dance floor and show off your tired dance moves to Beyonce and Chris Brown on a Saturday night while paying $11.50 for a vodka redbull, then this is the place for you!

I love Jimmy Buffet and I love the Margaritaville in Vegas, but this place somehow derailed miserably.
Let me tell you what a disappointment this was. First of all after the 1hr 30 min wait to be seated we finally get a table. I was with one other person and you would think we were invisible. Well apparently our sever thought so. In any case after waiting another 30 minutes to be recognised we finally placed our drink order. Big mistake because I should have known it would never show up. I finally saw our waiter I just told her forget the drinks because she had apparently forgot them. I ordered the crab cakes. They eventually showed up with the food and it looked delicious. Looks can be deceiving. The crab tasted like it had been caught a year ago and they let it ferment next to a dumpster in Arizona's 115 degree heat. Let me just tell you that I expected so much more. I am such a fan of Buffet but if this is the food and service he is serving up to people he needs to stick with the Music
The service received on my visit was excellent!  The restaurant was not too busy on this Tuesday evening, so we were seated right away.  The Cheeseburger in Paradise was good, not the best burger I have ever had, but quite tasty nonetheless.  

My wife got the fish tacos and she seemed to like them, although they were really packed and I suspect we got more leftovers than we planned on!

The nachos are suitable for a party of 6.  Do not order the nachos appetizer if you are a party of 2 as my wife and I were.  They are literally a mountain of chips.  Much more than two people need!!!

Enjoy this place, it seems like a nice hangout.  : )
Food is good. Atmosphere is good. Service is poor. It could be the location, but the wait time is ridiculous.
If you go in for theme restaurants,this one is tops. A neat place to take people--if you can,ask to sit inside one of the boats!  Kids love this place.But be forewarned-if you are having a nice lunch or dinner in one of the 'boats',you may get some uninvited company in the form of rambunctious children who don't belong to you wanting to play on it(We did!!) -but that's more about the parents of said children.
This is definitely a fun place-nice bar,and a store attached when you are done eating or waiting to do so. Overall, I think the drinks are good,the food is fine,-it's good,just not great. The nachos are huge,as in tall. I've had better food-it's a bit more hype than substance in some ways. The wait staff seems to be very friendly.
um... so basically similar review to Westgate City Center review:

old people place? lol sorry everyone, but if its not rocking out some recent rock or hip hop.... its older people place.  Not sure what to expect since I'm coming from LA, I guess not as bad of a review unless I lived in Vegas uh? haha

Music: LIVE BAND! Always awesome if its live.  And they have a little hip hop/main stream music near the end of the night, when the band takes a break?

Parking: Plenty, just gotta find which parking section is near entrance walk way toward Margaritaville.  If you see hell's then its the right area.

Atmosphere: Crowd is older than 30+, so no messed up rowdy annoying high schoolers or college crowds around?  Respectful & fun still, its what you make of it right?  Genuinely nice people.

Still a place to check out though.  And if you're a tourist, probably a good place to still check out since theres alot of restaurants & such.  So thinking this place's age crowd ranges from 30+?  Food? Didn't try & wouldn't expect anyone to come here for food, its a bar/night life type of place.... or was that only Vegas?
My friend and I were looking forward to going here after having a fun experience at the one in Vegas. This location really didn't live up. It just didn't have the same party-like atmosphere: the music was barely audible, no life-size blender, and very mediocre food (some canned papaya chunks and bland vinaigrette do not constitute a Caribbean salad, in my opinion). Maybe we got there too eariy (around 8ish) for the live entertainment, which might have made a huge difference.
Great Atmosphere, Average Food

It was a beautiful Sunday night, not too hot or too cool, so my boyfriend and I thought we'd try out Margaritaville.  We sat outside which created a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.  The music was catchy, the nearby fountain was relaxing, and the architecture was unique.  

The food however was only okay.  As a main course I had chicken and broccoli pasta, while my partner had teriyaki steak.  I enjoyed my entree , but it's somewhat hard to mess up chicken pasta.  The chicken was slightly dry, but the garlic sauce helped that some.

My boyfriend didn't like his steak at all.  He thought the taste was too strong, and when I tasted the meat I thought it was kind of limp/rubbery.  It came with mash potatoes, and while they looked real, they tasted like instants.  

The boy and I are buffalo wing fans, but the ones we had as an appetizer were only okay.  They didn't offer a boneless option, and that meant that the wings were short on actual meat.  We weren't offered a choice of dressing, so we ended up with ranch even though buffalo wings are known for being served with blue cheese.

We did however have great drinks.  I had a strawberry margarita that was well-mixed.  My boyfriend tried the Big Rita and liked it a lot.  
We especially like that they let you take home the cup as a souvenir.

The service was a little slow but not too bad.  Our server was friendly and polite.  

At the end of the meal we were surprised to see a bill of over $70--which stretched to around $80 once we added the tip.  I don't mind paying that much for a good meal, but we had thought our food was only average.  In the end we decided not to return to Margaritaville because it was a lot of money for food that was only okay.
I have no idea why so many people go to this place.  Everything's so expensive, they never have any great deals and the food is mediocre at best.  My friend and I had 1 plate of nachos (appetizer) and 3 beers and the total came out to 30 dollars.  On top of this, the gratuity was added and the waitress didn't say anything so we accidentally tipped her more on top so we paid almost 50 dollars!  She could've let us know if she wasn't so greedy..  I tried to complain on the website but the only thing you can do is give them information to set up a party.  What a rackett!
Food was ok but a bit on the expensive side... Would try just once
On an arid Arizona day, nothing sounds more refreshing than an icy margarita. You may be lured in with the tropical atmosphere. You may succumb to the charming (yet repetitive music). The decor is the best to offer.

Let me spare you the disappointment and say don't eat here for lunch or dinner. Just about everything you can order here makes it taste like the poor man's red lobster, and is even more expensive. Get the bang for your buck and avoid ordering anything but the generous portion of nachos (only above average dish as far as taste and value), and the perfect margarita (only drink guaranteed to NOT be short-poured).

If you visit Westgate on a Saturday night, you may be tempted to visit again. They book some live bands who do some pretty good covers. Speaking of covers, there isn't one to get in!

Don't worry, you'll pay handsomely for that at the bar. Six dollars for a 20 oz. Coors Light? Jolly rancher shots that are 50% cranberry juice? All from bartenders who spend more time tossing around bottles of bottom-shelf swill than actually learning how to make a drink. If you're already a bit buzzed, and want some good live music with a nice crowd, this will be an ok way to end your Saturday night. Unless you talk to security...they're jerks.

1/5 as a restaurant, 3/5 as a bar/club.
I enjoy Jimmy Buffett's music. It always puts me in a good mood and makes me wish I was on vacation. So, since I was on vacation and in a good mood, I figure what better way to embrace that Buffett feeling than to give Margaritaville a try. Never having been here, I went in with relatively high hopes... at least for a good margarita. 

Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. I had the pomegranate margarita -- on the rocks -- and it was really nothing special. For $7.75, I expected much more drink with much more alcohol. And, then there was the food. Honestly, I've had better fare at Chili's or TGI Fridays. I had the lunch special of 1/2 a Cuban sandwich and house salad.  When our food came out, I looked at my sandwich, and thought, "Is this it?" It was one heck of a tiny 1/2 sandwich. And, the salad -- well, it reminded me of a hospital cafeteria's pre-made salad -- dry lettuce, uber-dry flakes of carrots and some bite-size pieces of re-hydrated cucumbers. Plus, the amount of dressing the gave me just barely made eating the salad bearable. 

The "atmosphere" was okay. I expected it to be beachy and laid-back, but it was a bit too kitschy for me.  It reminded me of a place you'd visit at a theme park. But, hey, maybe that is Buffet's dream... create a theme park called Buffetland, where people can fish for parrots while drinking margaritas.

My final complaint is the service. It was descent at first. The waitress was nice enough and attentive enough. However, when we were ready for our check, it took forrrrrever for her to bring it to us.  She had told us as she took our plates that she'd be right back with the check.  Well, as I watched her go to another table, then to the register (thinking she was processing our bill), then into the kitchen, back to the other table, then back to the register (thinking she was processing our bill THIS time), then to another table, she finally came past ours. Before she could rush away, I loudly said we needed the check because we were in a hurry. She nodded and FINALLY got us our check. 

I'll give the waitress the benefit of the doubt, and chalk it up to a perfect storm of me being anxious about being late for an appointment and annoyed that she was taking so long, and her having bad timing or being busy.  

Nevertheless, that wasn't the only disappointment I had with Margaritaville.  The food was blah, the prices were too high for the low quality food, and the atmosphere and decor of the place was rather cheesy.  Unfortunately, THAT imperfect storm of qualities makes it likely that I won't be visiting this place again.
Blech. Had to work at U of Phoenix Stadium today and Mom came down from Payson to meet me for lunch after.  I don't know Westgate at ALL except for the hockey arena.  
It's in an outdoor mall, like everything else.  We were starving and the entire mall was DEAD.  It looked like places were closed, so we went to Margaritaville for lunch.
Main entrance isn't clearly marked and we went in through the patio area.  Walked in and didn't see a reception area.  So, we asked the nearest waitress if we were to seat ourselves.  She said in her best airline stewardess voice "Ovah they-ah is where you check-in."  It was fake and annoying.  So, we go check in.  15 minute-wait for 2 people.  The place was crowded, but we had passed a few empty tables along the way.  My mom even pointed it out.  "Our kitchen is pretty backed-up, so we can't seat all tables right now."  Keep in mind this was at 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  Wouldn't this be the time to make sure you know to have enough kitchen staff on hand???
We meandered to the bar, which was empty except for 2 people.  We sat at the corner and, luckily, found out we could eat there.  The bartender was the first friendly person we came across, and I'm glad SHE got a tip from us.  Service was quick.  Our food came out within 10 minutes.  
Mom got the chicken quesadilla, I got the taco salad.  I couldn't believe how FEW items were on the menu.  I was expecting a bit more.  
Food was average.  Nothing I'd ever go back for.
They kept showing videos of Jimmy Buffet and the people at his concert.  They were having WAY more fun than we were.  NOBODY shouted out "Where's the salt?  Where's the goddamn salt?"  I would have, but my Mom's been suffering from almost 40 years of embarrassment from me already.
Blech.
ok, love the atmosphere. it's very cool with a beach theme, planes hanging from the ceiling, and jimmy buffet music playing all day. however, i feel the menu is overpriced for the amount of food you get. the food is good, but the price just kills it. i now believe margaritaville is on restaurant.com which would save a bunch of money. i've never had anything alcoholic here so i don't know about their happy hour. i may stop in for a drink here and there, but doubt i'd get another meal. i really liked the food but am not spending the kind of money they want.
Been here a couple times so far. I go for the atmosphere more that anything else. The food is OK at best and the prices are higher than I like. The nachos are awesome though. One o the few things on the menu that's reasonably priced and is very good. I do not get anything else. Great to share or eat alone.
While I was content with the food (I had the portabella mushroom sandwich) and the atmosphere I was severely disappointed when my bill came.  Oddly enough, I wasn't upset by the total (which was high for lunch) but by the fact that an 18% gratuity was added to my bill (bringing the total for lunch to over $100) without my consent.  I understand a servers need to do this with large groups, but we had seven people, five of whom were children and ordered off the children's menu.  I do not think that we demanded enough of the servers time to justify this addition.  

Needless to say I will not be returning again.
The decor was nice, the hostess was pleasant and that was the only good thing. My husband and I went there 4 dinner but the server never came back to take the dinner order. He got our drinks asked if we like start w/ an appetizer so we did. The runner brought the food and we never saw the server again... $30 for 2 drinks and an appetizer total waste of money. I got the feeling the guy just didn't like the idea of having to serve ppl...don't waste your money
If you like food poisoning from conch fritters, than this is 100% the place for you.

This is dedicated to Jessica, who has a slower metabolism than I do and thought I was just drunk but spent the entire next day barfing her brains out while I puked it all out starting at 3 am - 3 pm the next day.
I've been in a couple of times now, my mom is a HUGE Jimmy Buffett fan so she enjoys the environment.  We all agree the food is a bit over priced but if you're a fan of him you know most of his stuff is.  You're with out a doubt paying for that name and atmosphere.

The best bet for us and I think price wise is enjoy the app menu, there is some great stuff on that menu and you can try different things.  We LOVE the nachos and there is plenty to share!  Drinks are light on the booze heavy on the price but that's pretty normal for Westgate I find.
I'm surprised this place go such bad reviews. I had a great experience here, but I was also visiting during a weekday. On a Thursday afternoon, this place is pretty much all yours. We sat outside by the huge WestGate fountains, which is always entertaining to watch on a sunny afternoon.

The staff was friendly, the restaurant was pretty awesome (of course) and the food was great! I had the Cuban Sandwich and it was probably one of the best ones I've had. Though it is a little pricey, the portions are huge! So expect to get filled up.
We went on a Friday night, the place was about half full.  Music was blaring and all the TVs were showing the music videos.  We sat at the high top tables (by the bar).  We were greeted byt the server right away.  Got the drinks and appetizer orders in.  Ordered the Wiamea Wings, because I am a WIMP!  I can not handle the heat.  Wiamea Wings are tossed with sweet and spicy chili sauce served with cucumber sticks and sweet chili dipping sauce.  They are pretty good. 

I ordered the Monterey Chicken Sandwich (Grilled fajita chicken on a wheat bun with Applewood smoked bacon and Monterey Jack cheese. Topped with lettuce, tomato and Cajun mayonnaise).  It was blah.  The chicken was just grilled, no flavor at all.  

M had the Fajitas with a steak and shrimp combo.  The meat was sauted with peppers and onions, served with warm flour tortillas, homemade guacamole, fire-roasted tomato salsa, sour cream, mixed cheeses and Island rice.   M said the steak was good but the shrimp was not.  

So, service was great!  Food so-so.  And the people walking around in stilts was very strange like Aileen B. said.  They weren't dressed up like clowns, but people walking around in stilts.  ???
Ok...  I'm a Die Hard Jimmy Buffett Fan - a Parrot Head through and through!

But...  This place sucked.  I've been to half a dozen different Margaritaville Restaurants and I knew what to expect, but this one by far failed to meet my minimal expectations.

The service is slooooow, food is canned and poor quality, drinks are weak and expensive.  The only upshot was all of the Jimmy Buffett paraphernalia and music, and I've already got a lot of that stuff.

The next time I'm itching to get my island groove on, I'll do it right.  We'll grill chicken and burgers in the back yard, put the booze in the blender, light the Tiki torches, invite 20 or 30 people over and jam to Jimmy.  More fun to set sail to St. Somewhere in your own back yard than it is to have to endure the Glendale Margaritaville.

FINS UP!
I've been to Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville elsewhere like in Grand Cayman and Cozumel and sadly this is the ugly cousin twice removed that exists only by name but not actuality. 

went here on a friday night and was surprised to be wristbanded as tho it was a club but it wasn't. they had a tired dj and it was dimly lit. well my friends and I got ourselves a table coz our intention of goin to Margaritaville was to have dinner, after the Chocolate Affaire. 

The menu was nothing special and really ordinary and prior to my visit to the awful excuse as a Margaritaville franchise the only things i've had are the margaritas and nachos. Anywho, ordered a bbq bacon cheeseburger asked it to be cooked medium, my friends ordered the chicken volcano nachos. The burger was alright, it wasn't that great and it was cooked well so a star was subtracted at first bite, the bun was a typical fast food burger bun, so another star, and the chicken volcano nachos though was a heaping serving of cheese chicken jalapenos pico and guac/sour cream it wasn't that good. so another star subtracted. i will not return and my overall experience left me disappointed. you fail margaritaville westgate that you actually don't deserve the name.
We decided on Margaritaville since the Yardhouse was a 45 minute wait and we were heading to the hockey game on Valentines Day. There was not a wait at Margaritaville, no longer wondering why. The service was terrible and the food quality is very poor. We probably would have spent less and had better service and received the same quality food as Burger King. The food clearly tastes like it came off the Sysco truck and was merely heated up in their kitchen. We also waited 40 minutes for our food and had to flag down a manager just to get our check. Ordered 2 iced teas for $6??? Boring food and boring service, will not return unfortunately.
High priced ordinary food and drinks that aims to trap tourists and unsuspecting folks from other parts of the valley coming to a game at one of the stadiums.  Service is painfully slow.  Loud as hell in here too.  Food is average to below average, basic bar fare.
Very disappointing! My boyfriend and I are from Austin, Texas and we were so excited to visit Jimmy Buffets Margaitaville only to be greeted with horrible customer service. The hostesses told us we can seat ourselves outside which is understandable, but we sat there for 10 minutes without being greeted by a waiter and it wasn't even busy. I told the hostess we havent been waited on and told her where we were sitting and she looked confused and said okay. 20 minutes later we got up and told them we would go eat somewhere else and the hostesses that were his standing there said okay in a sarcastic way. I was so dissapointed because we even had our food picked out because we looked at the menu online and wanted to visit the gift shop to buy some Jimmy Buffet souveniers. We worked retail and understand the wait and how customer service works but this was absolutely a horrible experience! Sad to say that considering we are Jimmy Buffet fans.
it's been about two weeks since I went to this place and now I can do my review.  

I think when it comes to celebrity type food joints that people are so excited that it's a famous persons restaurant that inside they are hoping so bad for the food to be good.  

I know I've done this when going to Hard Rock Cafe and Planet Hollywood. Both places are cool to look at and walk around in, but their food flat out sucks and is not a big deal.

Well I wouldn't say that completely about JBMs.  First off, visually this place is pretty incredible.  Ive walked by the location in Vegas a dozen times and have always wanted to go in, but never did.  Finally after seeing a movie we decided to eat here.  The feel of this place definitely puts you in a resort on the Bahamas.  We sat in a boat that was converted to a dining area (at least it seemed that way) and I don't remember the waiters name, but he was straight from Jersey or NY.  Very cool guy and answered anything and everything for us in regards of what to order.  Some how he talked us into ordering Sea Snails..  Those were some tasty snails!

We all ordered different things and me being a simple person occasionally, I got a mushroom burger.  Even though ive always been disappointed in mushroom burgers, I guess I hoped this would be the one time it blew me away.  It wasn't.  it was just a mushroom burger.  Don't get me wrong, I dont hate them, they just dont wow me over like a good bacon cheese burger can do sometimes.

Loved their iced tea and we even got chips & salsa to tide us over til the food came in.

Very cool place and I would definitely go back again and try something else.  Service was rockin and it's definitely a place to bring the kids and family.
If I could, I would give this place 3.5 stars. Came here on a weekday a little before noon and justified having a margarita at this time by humming "it's five o'clock somewhere". Yeah, I was really getting into this place and really enjoyed my time here. I agree, it is a tourist trap. The food was pretty pricey and there were no drink specials. But I ordered the nachos since I saw other yelpers suggest it and stared in awe of the interesting decorations and the TV playing Jimmy Buffet. The nachos were huge and my mango margarita was delish! Eating here was definitely an experience and I was happy to finally see Margaritaville, BUT I don't think I would come here again and again unless they dropped their prices.
I love this bar! the food here is good and the drinks are great! this is a great place for day time drinks in the heat. It just has a great vibe that really makes you wanna get your drink on!
Disappointed with the food and the service. The theme and the ambiance is old and worn out.
Margaritaville provided Store More Self Storage with two $25 gift certificates for their restaurant for a charity yard sale my store was having to benefit the American Cancer Society!  They are tenants of ours and have been amazingly easy to work with, always displaying a positive attitude and enthusiasm!  I have personally eaten at the restaurant and the food and service is always outstanding!  A big 2 thumbs up for Margaritaville!!!
Its great.
The service here was very slow. The food was just okay. It's a far cry from my mid-90s experience at Margaritaville in Key West. The bright spot was one fab server who gave us all kinds of tips on things to do. She was not our server, unfortunately. The prices were just a bit high for the offerings. Maybe if the service had been better I would have forgiven the prices.
The best way I can describe our visit with Margaritaville is genuine. Everyone, from the hostesses to our server to even the stiltwalker guy, were very genuinely happy to have us there, genuinely happy to be working there, and the food was genuinely great!

We came last night with the 10yr old to celebrate his first week of school and we had a great visit! Hubby and I shared the Cheeseburger in Paradise and it was AWESOME. The fries were crisp and well seasoned. The burger was perfectly cooked and delicious. Son had the fish tacos and they were amazing. The side dishes were even well thought out and delicious. I had a side salad with our meal and it was cold, fresh, crisp and not some pre-packaged slop on a plate. We also had a slice of cheesecake and a slice of key lime pie for dessert. Food was EXCELLENT.  I had the wildberry margarita and it was AWESOME. My hubby had a rum and coke and said it was perfectly balanced. 

Our server, Jimmy, was polite, friendly, and very professional. Our drinks were never empty and he was never intrusive. Our food was served at the right temps and never seemed to have sat around under heat lamps. I hate when that happens. 

The stiltwalking balloon guy was just super. He was friendly, kind, and genuinely glad to have us visit his place. In fact, we remarked that he looked just like the Jolly Mon from Jimmy Buffett's childrens book of the same name and he thought that was awesome. :) He made the most amazing Spiderman balloon creature that we've ever seen. 

Son has been raving about this visit for the last 12 hours and made a point to tell me to be sure to YELP this place as soon as possible.

it's not often that I can say that I look forward to my next visit at a restaurant, but I am truly and genuinely looking forward to our next visit to Margaritaville.
There are a lot of reviews about this place that do not really sum it up.  Look, awesome fine dining, it is not, but it is a fun time for family and foodies.  Just go in, have a fun time and enjoy the menu and the bar.

I went here recently with my family and we were treated well and enjoyed the entertainment that they had as well.  This is a repeat place for us for sure!

We had the Cheeseburger In Paradise and it was tasty!
The food... eh. Its okay. 

When we walked in we wanted to watch the sports game and they were not busy. So we asked the hostess if we could sit "in the boat" she kindly accommodated us. Since we are from Vegas we are accustomed to tipping someone if they do a great job or arrange for special accommodations. The hostess said she would get in trouble if she accepted out tip. WHAT?!?!?! 

Now as for our food server... he could have cared less about what we wanted and if we were even there. It seemed like we were such an inconvenience. We asked for bar drinks. Seemed like we asked him to go SO far to get the drinks. We wanted to share some appetizers before our entrees. He seemed like it was such a chore. When he checked back on his it was so fake I wanted to throw up! 

We were so disgusted with the service of our meal. We just left. We completely forgot to stop by the gift shop / retail store! 

From now on if I want to get wasted away again in Margaritaville, I will fight the traffic and eat at the one on the Las Vegas strip. Where we know how to give proper service!
Well let's just say very contrived, very predictable and very boring. The style of food is well very canned. The atmosphere is very soccer mom oriented or married man trying to say he still likes his party life while wishing someone would slowly bash his skull in so that he could feel a moment of life before dying.
This makes me sad. I'm such a Parrot-head and saying anything negative towards Buffett just makes me want to shed a small tear. Unfortunately I'm rating Margaritaville and not Jimmy, though so here we go. 
The atmosphere is fun- the decorations cute and it's a very large restaurant. It also has a very overpriced gift shop out front. They also have people in stilts walking around making balloon figurines, which made me feel a little awkward. Also the servers just aren't ever very friendly. This last trip, we had empty drinks, stacked plates, waited forever for our check all while 5 employees, manager included were standing right behind us chatting and watching football. Customer service is not a priority here folks. 
I've been here about 5 times and never have I really enjoyed it. This last trip will however, be my last. I'm done trying to wait for it to get better.
We didn't have to wait as long as usual, which is rare. There usually is a long wait time, but we generally come before some event so Westgate is packed anyhow. We were sat in some weird corner booth upstairs and were facing a corner wall and it was hot as all hell. We asked to move and one would have thought we asked for a million dollars, but our waitress finally agreed. Once we could breathe at our new table, she finally got our drink order and it took forever to get them. My glass of wine was the smallest glass of wine in the world. It was about the size of a shot. I also ordered a soda and it sat empty the entire dinner experience. 
Our salads and food came out together- after about 50 minutes. The table was really crammed since it all arrived together. I didn't particularly want my salad after that long and didn't eat it because the entree seemed more appealing by this point. 
The food was OKAY. That's the only reason for the second star. I had mac and cheese and the husband the "Cheeseburger in Paradise". He had wanted the "cold draft beer" to go with it- but they have NO draft beer. They did have Heinz 57, which was at least fun. 
The prices here are extremely high. WAY too overpriced. Almost 60 bucks for mediocre food, small drinks, rude service and an overall lackluster experience. 
Sorry Jimmy! We won't be back, but will look forward to seeing you in concert if you ever come back to AZ again. It's been a while!
With so much going on at Westgate it can be hard to choose a place to eat. We have stopped in at Margaritaville a few times to fill our tummies with food before hitting the bars & the drinks start flowing. We came in last Saturday and luckily it wasn't a game night because it can be quite crazy if it is. The food is a little pricy but it's always good. We shared the fried chicken dinner & it was delicious. It came with mashed potatoes and green beans, all of which was great. Our server was SLOW, we were ready to get the rest of the night started but had to wait 20 mins for our waiter to re-appear and then bring us our check. We both commented on how many people could just walk out without paying. Needless to say, the music inside was good, the food was good, and all in all it was another great dinner & an awesome start to our night!
Before coming in to dine here we all read the Yelp reviews which show 2.5 stars over 76 reviews and went in anyway ?@#^&%@$  

They were all correct... Over priced for marginal quality with slow service. We decided to go for the experience and to say we had eaten at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville. 

Maybe the best plan if you wanted to "experience it" is to go for drinks and possibly appetizers, listen to some music and then go across the walkway to Yard House to eat.

If you were wasted in Margaritaville the bad food and high prices would not bother you. ... so who knows.. maybe that IS the marketing plan! 

No one was happy with their order, it was slow and not really very appealing.... that being said.. we won't ever be back.  

The music was fun we saw some AZ Cardinals eating there but the food not so much! Won't be back.
Have always wanted to visit Margaritaville, and when my girls bought me a golf bag from here for my b-day! (See Picture) I had to come here now. Well, wife and I was at the movie theater seeing the 25th anniversary of Phantom of the Opera! (had to mentioned the play) So we had dinner before the 7:30 showing. Since we were there on a Wednesday, place was empty. We were seated near the center by the stage, Don't know why they wouldn't have seated us at a better location. Any who, John was our server. He asked for our drink order, I ordered a diet coke, arnold palmer, and a strawberry margarita. You can't really go wrong on drinks, but the wife wasn't that impressed with the margarita? We started off with the Volcano Nachos, now when John came back with the drinks. We then proceeded to order our dinner. Now if you see the picture I posted of the nachos, you will realize how stupid it was for us to order our dinner. We did not know how large their nachos were! And would have been nice if John would have told us! I guess he assumed since wife and I have some love handles, that we could have taken care of the nachos and dinner. First! The nachos were very good, had black beans, chicken, green onions, some kind of enchilada sauce! But this beast could have feed at least five people!! Now we asked John to put our dinner in a to go box instead and ended up eating it the next day! We had their fried chicken, with mashed potatoes, green beans. It was very good reheated. Just wondered how good it would have been from the grill? Overall we really liked this place, and would have had a four-star rating. But JOHN! put a smile on your face! And don't be afraid to mention, are you sure you want to order more, since your nachos can feed a whole family!
Another great visit to Margaritaville last night! We went with a party of 7 and sat out on the patio. Fortunately, we got there before the Coyotes game got out because the place was a ZOO after the game let out but that didn't stop our server, Jason, for continuing to provide us with EXCELLENT service. Our drinks were kept full, our food was delivered hot, and he was friendly and fun.  Several of us enjoyed the Cheeseburger in Paradise, while one friend had the Seafood Mac and Cheese which was delish. Another friend shared the fish tacos which are super fresh and perfectly grilled. We all shared the Volcano Nachos which are HUGE. I don't know if they are $15.00 worth of huge, but they were big, hot, fresh, and yummy.  We had the Chocolate Hurricane which was by far the best dessert there and I've tried them all. (and no I'm not ashamed of that either. :P ) We had a great time and are looking forward to our next visit back!
I have to say that I was much more excited about this place BEFORE I went to it. It isn't a bad bar, per se- but definitely did not live up to the hype. and the drinks are more pricey than they should be for the flavor.  If I can make a better margarita than a place called "Margaritaville", well- then I will save myself the money and make them at home.  However- when they do the live music on the weekends- it is a great time.
Go for the drinks, not the food. The food is dreadful.
Great food, great service...lots of fun.  The entertainment for the night was a little strange, but amusing.  They did raffle drawings and it was just a fun environment.  The drinks were very good too!
Margaritaville is Margaritaville ....  It's obviously a chain and there are several all over the country but I don't think people go for the 5-star food options.  It's a chill place where you listen to Jimmy Buffet with amazing frozen drinks and a pretty guaranteed fun time.  It's over-priced for everything but it's because you're there for the experience more than anything.  It's one of those places you go for the atmosphere and take out-of-towners, definitely not an every weekend place.
One word NASTY!
Rather than detail each item served lets just say they had a bad day as the service was slow and not very friendly or accurate with our orders and what was served was very poor at best. I might try again as I know they can do better from others I have been to. Everyone has a bad day once in a while. Sorry!
We ordered boneless wings, but their boneless wings are actually boneless chicken tenders/strips unless they messed up on the order. They wouldn't allow me to order more than one alcoholic drink at a time, so I couldn't buy a round of shots for my friends. I ordered the mushroom burger and got a bacon and cheese burger; however, they didn't charge me for the burger, but then again it wasn't what I wanted. Food was ok. Overall service good, but their policies and food deliver was less than appealing.
Was convinced to go here yesterday with my daughter's club volleyball team, even though I knew better.  Service was so slow, no refills on drinks, food was poor quality and taste.  NOT a good experience or meal.
Do not be mislead by previous reviews....  This place is a awesome spot to celebrate or go hang out with the family while having fun in a upbeat environment.
We have been there to celebrate birthdays numerous times and also have been there on other occasions "just because" and we have been very pleased. 

Of course the Volcano Nachos are a must, but the other appetizers are good too.  Hot wings and the sampler are some other options you won't be disappointed with.  During our last visit, our party of 10 had meals like the BBQ ribs, (so delish!) fried chicken (mmm!) and fajitas. (so yummy!).  All our entres were great!  Desserts are also mouth watering.  The chocolate hurricane is my fav!! 

The manager there Dan, personally walked over to us to introduce himself and asked us how everything was.  That was very customer service focused in my book!  Our sever Bryan was extremely attentive, friendly, and very quick.  Our drinks were refilled like on auto pilot, we never had to ask for a refill once, Bryan was that freakin' good! 

They have totally cool live entertainment, balloons for kids, a DJ, tv's with classic music videos, a dance floor and very neat Caribbean decor, but best of all it's FREE! 

Overall, Margaritaville and the parrot heads offer a great time!  They have excellent customer service, not to mention the food is very tasty as well!  We will definitely be back here or to the one in Las Vegas! 

If you think it's overpriced, umm this is not a Denny's.  You get whatcha pay for!!   Perhaps try happy hour from 4-7pm and you will still reap the bennies and get the Jimmy Buffet experience on a budget. 

PS:  it's 5 o'clock somewhere! ;)
Visiting the Phoenix area and had to stop.  Had been to other locations, was not impressed before except for the original Key West location.  Expected a place with Buffett memorabilia, fruity drinks and menu items with trendy names.  Well, we got all of that along with some good food and very good service.  Portions generous, good value for the price.  Overall, fun experience and better than expected.  Probably not as good if you are not a Buffett fan.
Margaritaville is what it is, a place to have fun and have some drinks. If you take it for more than that, you'll be disappointed. When I've gone to any Margaritvaville, it's for some drinks and some appetizers.

Prior to the hockey game, my friends and I stopped in for a drink or two. We also ordered the big stack of nachos with all the toppings. The nachos were great and hit the spot.  We probably could have devoured another order.

I ordered a hurricane. The drink was good, but hardly as good as the hurricanes I've had in the past here. Service was very good.
This review will strictly be about the dish I ordered and nothing else. What dish was so terrible as to warrant a single-star rating, you ask? The Appetizer Trio. 

Yes I know, it's only an appetizer dish, not a real entree. But generally, these appetizer sampler plates offer some pretty tasty food for a modest price and can be a legitimate meal on its own. But the Appetizer Trio at Margaritaville is abysmal and a disgrace to all appetizer platters everywhere.

It comes with 3 things: chips with a mushroom cheese dip, lava lava shrimp, and 2 egg rolls. But the portions are all out of whack. There's less than a handful of shrimp, the egg rolls are finished off in 4 bites, and the plate is overflowing with chips and the worst dip of all time. $15 for essentially a plate of chips and a couple random items on the side. Totally not worth it.

The dip was terrible. It didn't even taste like cheese or mushroom. Extremely bland and zero flavor. All it did was add a pasty texture to the crunch of the chips.

Lava lava shrimp was actually okay, but there was so little. They came served in this cup that was half filled with lettuce where there should've been more shrimp. Blasphemous.

And the egg rolls were decent too. Those came with a chipotle thousand island dip that was rather thick and heavy but very flavorful.

But the shrimp and egg rolls are eaten so fast and you're left with a mass plate of chips and really bad dip. Leaves you yearning for more and quite unsatisfied.

Margaritaville seems like a really fun place to hang out and Westgate is pretty poppin on the right nights. But this appetizer dish was just so astronomically horrible. Shame on you, Margaritaville.
This place can be so hit and miss with me. Dinner is alright, a little expensive for what you get as far as taste goes but overall it's not that bad. I usually stick to ordering drinks which makes up for almost everything else. However, I find that even though the bartenders are nice they seem to take a really long time - even when they're not that busy! It's not like this place is my favorite, but compared to the other choices in Westgate I'm more likely to go here.
LOVE LOVE JIMMY BUFFET'S. Went crazy on those margaritas..mmmmm, yummy!
We had a great waitress named Vida Lopez and a great experience.   She was friendly and great with the kids.  Margaritaville is not too shabby.  If you haven't been, you should go at least once.  Decent food, a little spendy, but worth going to Westgate if you are visiting from out of town or need to entertain some out of town guests.  Order the volcano nachos and you won't leave hungry.  When there - ask for the waitress Vida!

UPDATE:  11/5/12 - We had to downgrade this place.  (We had it at four stars)  

It seems the food is getting worse and worse and smaller and smaller.  Where the volcano nachos used ot be great, now seem to have less stuf on them.  Our sone ordered chicken and fries.  What used to be nice chicken strips, turned into some dark brown almost burnt chicken balls with a few french fries.   As a family we all agreed this would be out last visit to Margaritaville. We have been here at least a dozen times with each time having the slip 10%.   Next time we are at Westgate we will go to Gordon Birsch or Yard House.
Seems small compared to the Vegas location, but has the usual parrothead vibe.
Excited to re-visit Margaritaville in Glendale since we hadn't been back since last year.  Obviously we ordered the wrong thing....from reading reviews looks like everyone should just order the Nachos and call it good.

Well, we decided to branch out as it was my hubby's birthday and we were there for dinner, apps, drinks, the hole nine yards.

Well, after getting a couple of drinks and the Spinach and Artichoke Appetizer we decided to move on to another restaurant for dinner.  The appetizer was $10.95, which we figured would be pretty good sized.  Wrong!  We got about a half cup of warm spinach in a cream sauce, could not detect any artichokes and the dish was only half full....oh, but we did get an over abundance of chips....enough for oh, let me see, a full dish of dip!  Something was really wrong.  Would have mentioned this to someone but no one ever came back and asked until we were done and ready to leave.

But, it was a birthday, and my parrothead had been promised a trip to the gift shop so off we went after paying almost $30 for 2 drinks and a half an appetizer.  Only to discover the stock in the store was very low.  Everything we wanted was in someone else's size!  Asking the clerk about that we were informed that the store was using a different warehouse and that they expected a large order any day now.  Oh well, I'll just order him something online.

Probably won't go back.  So disappointed as last year we had a great time there at least twice and now the prices are higher, the menu smaller and the service  was just the essentials....nothing over and above.
We ate here before going to see the Sharks/Coyotes game in March. It was busy- most likely because of the biker rally and the hockey game- but we were seated in a reasonable amount of time. I ordered a chicken ceasar salad which was very boring and run of the mill. I actually didn't eat the chicken at all just because there wasn't any flavoring on it and it was cold chicken. Perhaps if it was warm it would have been palatable. 
About halfway through the meal I started to feel incredibly sick and started to get a headache. I realized once we were done that a lightbulb high on the ceiling right above our table was flickering and it made me sick. I did not bring my migraine medication with me to dinner and was forced to sit through a hockey game with a terrible upset stomach and migraine. Needless to say it pretty much ruined the game. 
I would hope that the management would take better care of the building.
When the server tells you order your food now or because I might not be back in an hour you know you are in trouble.  With that encouragement we had a couple of apps, greasy hummus and volcano wings that I think we more like smoldering hill wings.  Except for the Land Shark there is no reason to go back.
I didn't go to Margaritaville for the food, I went because I am a huge parrothead!  I love the atmosphere, and we met some friends for drinks.  I'd go back because I love the atmosphere... the food is average at best.  However, the waitstaff is always great.
Got our waters.....waited for 15 minutes for our waitress named miss eve or eva supposively the best according to the hostess and we had.to leave never came back on a non busy night. First and last time here.... Oh well
Alot of parking and easy access in the afternoon.
Service was good and staff all very friendly to make the experience better.
Food quality was medium nothing to Yelp about. Looked better than it tasted. Had jerk chicken that was just broiled chicken breasts and a light carribean dipping sauce (whatever). Doors were open and the animal kingdom came in. Birds flying around and pesky flies and knats NASTY!
Drinks tasty and presented well. Overall mediocre event . Probably won't do it again as there's lots of options here.
The only appetizer worth getting is the volcano nachos which are excellent and huge!!  All the other appetizers are just ok.  The fajitas are decent as is the club sandwich and quesadilla, but by far the best thing on the menu is the cheeseburger in paradise!!  Drinks are pricey but good.  The atmosphere is fun as long as you are not in a hurry because they run on island time!  They are not in a rush-so if you have time to sit back an relax and enjoy the company or a game on Tv, then this is an excellent choice for a cute and fun little area in West Gate.
You're certainly paying for the experience at Margarittaville.  The drinks are decent (and more reasonably priced than the food) and the food is good (but much to expensive for what you get).   The atmosphere is great though, especially if you like classic rock.   Even when the restaraunt is super busy, I find it pretty relaxing.   

I've always had good service, the kind you can expect from a more expensive restaraunt.  I'm not sure if I've just been lucky or not considering some of the other reviews, but I've never had the bad service experiences other yelpers talk about.   Be sure to save up if you plan to go because realistically you're looking at $20-$30 per person, more if you plan on getting some drinks.   Still, if you like the ambiance, you'll probably have a good time.
Went in off season, poor service, cold food, pricey for what you get. Ordered the taco salad - stale tortillas.
A one-star review is a rarity from me.

I was at Westgate and decided to try the place out. OK, the ambiance is decent (and it's a two story restaurant), but...eek!

The problems are as follows:

-Slim pickings. There's not much in the way of food and much more in the alcoholic department. And when there is food...
-Food that's just nothing to write home about. The only thing amusing or interesting about the chicken sandwich I ordered was that it seemed to look like a turtle, and not by design, either.
-Did I see a bird in the place? I know I saw one inside Jobing.com Arena before, but this is a little different.

I'm glad I live in the East Valley, not the West. That's all I have to say.
Horrible!  Took a customer there....sat at bar.  Asked about fajitas and server said they were having problems with their steak and steak wasn't available....got the carribean salad without dressing.  Salad came drenched in dressing and was very mediocre at best.  Even before we were finished, bartender told us he was leaving and wanted us to pay bill.  He could of just transferred it but told us he couldn't do it and wanted us to pay and open new bill if we wanted anything else.  So for that, he got a mediocre tip!  And as we were leaving I saw steak fajitas being served!  Nice!  Would not go back!
Slow service quickly redeemed by great food. We were in this past weekend to celebrate my bday. We were quickly seated but our server didn't come around for at least 5 minutes. Finally drink order taken. 30 minutes after being seated, our food order was taken.  When I complained to the server, she alerted the manager, who came by to apologize. After that, a total 180!! Our server couldn't stay away from our table and manager came back to make sure everything was going good. Our response was AWESOME FOOD!! Then the manager Marc (?) brought out chef Tony and we could not stop gushing over our food.  The chef then found it that is was my bday and bought me a drink.  

The restaurant did not seem too busy on a Sat at 1:30pm, so I am not sure what the delay was.  But I am glad that even though we complained about the server, she was the one to bring it to the attention of the manager.

Good job Marc!  We will be back.
Ate at Jimmy Buffett's for the first time and was disappointed. Menu seemed very limited and was expensive for what it was. Food was unremarkable and I would not eat here again.

Not bad just nothing worth making me visit again. It may be fun late at night for drinks and a snack though.
Horrible decor. Great bartenders. Not a place I would frequent again I'm sure.
Great atmosphere and good food.
Came to this hot mess last weekend, and was NOT impressed.  Waited way too long before we received any service. Drinks took forever, ordered a Mai tai and received a glass full of sweet & sour. Not a great crowd, and very rude, disrespectful bouncers. Luckily there is a Saddle Ranch right across the way that ended up saving the night.
Overpriced and not worth it... Boooo.
Decided to have a surprise birthday party for a friend.  Called a week in advance so the table would have all our friends already seated at it when I brought her in to the restaurant. Reserved a table for 15 at 6:00 so my friends could get the cake on the table and everyone  time to get there before I got her there at 6:30.  I get a call from my friend at 6:25 and no table. I'm sitting in the parking lot trying to stall. 6:45 I can't play it off anymore, We walk up to the restaurant and my friends had to yell surprise  while sitting on the benches outside while holding a cake.  Why take a reservation if you won't go by it.  At 6:55 we are finally sat upstairs and there are at least 10 tables and a big round table open. So disappointed.  The server seemed annoyed, didn't really say anything besides are you ready to order,  WAY overpriced. Food was boring nothing different than any Ruby Tuesdays.  So disappointed.  I probably won't ever go back there again.
Though this restaurant has great decor and is very interesting to look at, we felt it was way overpriced for the food that you receive. The club sandwich was dry and the fries were oversalted. At best the food was just okay, but we were disappointed with the prices. For the type of food that is served, it is significantly higher than other restaurants that have similar menus.
The food was all together okay, but the nachos were the most exciting thing we ordered. The staff was also very nice, but there could have been more people to help serve. I felt like there was only one girl serving all the tables.
Considering this place already has a 2  1/2 star rating with over 100 reviews there's not much that really needs to be said. The food and drinks are astronomically expensive. I had an appetizer and 2 drinks and it was nearly $40! I must admit both of my drinks were awesome but the appetizer was downright disappointing  and it was supposed to be their specialty. It was some sort of crab dip with these huge slices of under seasoned garlic bread. The service is a downright abomination, I literally had to flag down one of the floor managers to get our server to give us the check. I am 100% certain I'll never come here again.
The last couple times I have been here, the food has gone up in price but the service and taste has declined some.  They still have a great cheeseburger and volcano nachos.  The other appetizers we had that we used to like just haven't tasted as good in recent trips.  The quesadillas had a seasoning on top that wasn't very good and the chicken was dry. The boneless chicken bites didn't have much breading.  The atmosphere is still fun, but it's a costly experience.
Overpriced food that is mediocre at best, beers you can buy at the local market & the staff were s...l...o...w!
So sue me for not checking Yelp before coming here and living to regret it.  We were tourists and totally anticipated tourist prices, so I'm not going to complain about the price.  But yeah, nothing impresses here.  The blender drinks were WAY too sweet and there was hardly any booze.  The food was mediocre.  Even service was slow and frustrating.  It has a cool atmosphere and the location was perfect since our hotel was literally a hop, skip, and a jump away.  Other than that, there's not much more positive I can add.
I had lunch here yesterday after  fighting the crowd and lines at the Goodwill Career Expo. I sat on the beautiful outdoor patio overlooking the fountain, main path and stadium. That fountain is amazing!

Kaitlin was my server. She was friendly and attentive. After browsing the menu (a little pricey for my taste), I decided to order the Coconut Telegraph Calypso Chicken pasta for $14.99 and a large coke. While waiting for lunch, I read the Yelp reviews and was surprised to see so many bad reviews. Everything was going great for me...no complaints.

A nearby table ordered the volcano nachos for $14.50. That plate was piled about 9" high with nachos and goodies. Wow! My food arrived steaming hot (a little TOO hot because I had to let it sit and cool off for so long, I almost lost my appetite) and looking yummy! The plentiful portabella mushrooms were delicious! I would order it again. I had lots left over for lunch tomorrow. That's what I'm talking about!
Came here for dinner before a concert a jobing.com arena.  I arrived before my friend so I grabbed a table in the bar and ordered a margarita and chips and queso.  The margarita was good but oh so tiny for the price they charge.  The queso for the chips was perfect for me because it wasn't even remotely spicy.  The chips themselves were bordering on stale however.  

By the time my friend arrived there was a line out the door to get tables (it pays to arrive early!!).  We both ordered the cheeseburger in paradise.  Mine was cooked exactly as I asked for it and the french fries were actually really good (no salt or ketchup required!).  My friend ordered 2 beers while we were there and our waiter forgot her second one.  He seemed rather distracted but was friendly enough.  Not overly prompt with drink refills but he did get there eventually.

Overall it was decent, just a bit pricy.  I wish they hadn't changed their menu and taken off the alfredo pasta that came with chicken and broccoli.  That was my favorite thing there... now I'm stuck with cheeseburgers.  Oh well.
If there was a minus star I would give. Went there Friday to celebrate my great-niece graduation from High school. The staff was very accommodating but, the food was terrible. Everyone's fries were cold,, bread was hard and over cooked and over satiated with cheap margarine. I asked for a sample of hummus and it was cold and taste liked caulking. The prices are so high with the poor quality and skimpy portions. 
And to add insult to injury overcharged one ticket in out group by double the bill,

More like get the Nastyaritaville!
First let me say that I am a HUGE Jimmy Buffett fan.  I found myself in Scottsdale for the better part of a week, so the 30 minute drive across town to Glendale wasn't even something I thought twice about.

I wouldn't do it again; this place is truly awful.  I sat at the bar, which I normally do if eating alone, because the service is generally more attentive.  Not here.  They did offer me a drink right away and I ordered a Margarita (Jimmy would approve), but had to ask for a menu.  Bartenders should always offer a menu.  I made my selection in 2 minutes (Cheeseburger in Paradise; what else!), then proceeded to wait 10 minutes for the bartender to come back.  She and two other employees were huddled in the back of the bar talking to each other, ignoring the patrons.  I sure as hell wasn't going to yell at them over the music (oh yeah, the music sucked, but I'll get to that later).  She finally turns around to see me giving her the cold stare, and came over to ask "Are you ready to order?".  My reply?  "I've been waiting for 10 minutes".  She shoots back "Well there are lots of use here" with attitude.  Yeah, there sure were lots of you there, and you're all ignoring your customers.  By the way, my receipt said her name was "Jenna" number 1003, so yeah Jenna I'm calling you out.

Burger arrives in a reasonable amount of time, and it's also not impressive.  Just a premanufactured burger they threw on the grill.  Jenna even managed to refill my glass a few times, and was prompt when offering dessert.

On to the restaurant as a whole: It was not the immersive Jimmy experience I wanted.  While I was there, the audio/visual system played Warren Zevon, Prince, some Country crap, and Gloria Estafan (!).  Really?  When I go to a Jimmy Buffett property, I want Jimmy 24x7.  Play his concerts, there are literally hundreds of them.  Does Jimmy approve of this?  Has he seriously ever even been here?  I can't believe he'd approve of this crap.

The decor however was pretty much exactly how I think it should be.  Lots of boat metaphors and fishing equipment.  The gift shop is excellent and the attendant there was wonderful.

I'm sure now one of the managers is going to comment to this review and apologize for my experience.  You know what?  You need to do more than apologize to every single person who writes a bad review of this place.  Every single review of this place is 3 stars or less, which is pretty pitiful.  You need to get your staff to pay attention to the customers, and you need to improve the food quality and change up the music a bit.  That isn't too much to do really, as the location is good and the atmosphere is fine.  Jimmy seriously wouldn't stand for this if he knew what was going on.  So, instead of apologizing send me a free T-Shirt or something because your apologies aren't gonna do it for me as I live 3,000 miles away.  My email is e2346437@gmail.com.
I have to state up-front that I am, in fact, an official dues-paying, card-carrying Parrothead. That said, I was a bit disappointed in this Margaritaville. The decor is awesome and our waiter was nice and accommodating...and that's about all I can say that's positive. Everything is overpriced. Our conch fritters were burned. My brother had a salad with chicken that he found rubbery, although our waiter graciously brought him more. It  was a $12 salad at best, but they charged $17, of course. My surf 'n' turf was very good and my steak WAS cooked rarerarerare like I prefer, but it too was rather overpriced ($28, with the "turf" being coconut shrimp). 

As someone else pointed out, I heard only one Jimmy song the whole time! A band was setting up towards the end of our visit, but while the video screens continued to show videos, no music was heard. Major bummer. The attached store was fun, though, and that was really the reason I went, so that was good. 

If I lived in the Phoenix area, I might come here once in a while to shop and have a drink, but the food leaves a lot to be desired. Sorry, Jimmy! I still love ya though. FINS UP!
I wish I would have read other reviews before heading to this  place as the margaritas came in small glasses and even the special BLENDER margarita for $14.75 would have been regular price at other restaurant. The El Diablo burger that I ordered was a frozen Pattie that had I known that I would have ordered it well done rather than Med Rare. service was slow even though there was only a hand full patrons present.. so my family and I will only be walking by this establishment rather then throwing our money away here.
This place has 2 levels to it. They were so busy we had to wait 20 minutes for a table...yet I don't think the second floor was even open.

But Katliyn our server was wonderful. We sat in what looked like a speed boat. The seats were a little dirty upon arrival.  We had perfect margaritas & the chocolate hurricane.
I came here with some coworkers before the Cardinals game to get some food and drinks. My first impression was how hot it was inside as it seems they didn't have any air conditioning on. All the fans were going which gave it at least some air flow but all of us were sweating and fanning ourselves with the menu. We were sitting right by the door and asked if they could close it since the hot air was blowing in. They closed it, but then eventually opening the other side. Ok...

We ordered the spinach dip, volcano nachos, boneless buffalo wings, and the chicken fajitas. I could have had better food reheated from Applebee's. The food quality is very low and obviously is just reheated from a package. Not worth the money at all. 

The manager on duty was apparently stressed out because at one point she was screaming at someone on her radio to get another server to the patio. All the guests were looking at her. 

Understandably, it was game day, so I gave two stars in hopes it wouldn't normally be like this but I would prefer any other place around the arena to this one. Sorry jimmy buffet!
Dropped by a couple of times while headed to the football game.  Both times we were met be very friendly staff and seated right away.  Having been to several other Margaritavilles we knew what to expect.

The place is loud, loud loud.  We ordered the the volcano of chips.  It was great, the drinks are a bit small but good.  Both times we only ordered appetizers and found them plentiful.
The food and drinks were great but what made me decide to give 5 stars was the service! Our waitress (Morgan) was incredible! Polite, prompt and made our meal as good as it was! We will definitely be returning to Margaritaville!
If your expecting to have one of those experiences of feeling like your in a tropical resort or off the beaten path, forget it. This was my first experience of eating at one of Jimmy's restaurants. I won't be back. I found this to be one of those places that you can say "I've been there." 
I knew from other people's experiences that these restaurants are mediocore at best. Plus, everyone of these restaurants I have been by in my travels, there are never full. In fact, the gift shops usually have more people in them then the restaurant.
Anyway, I met a friend at this one (a long drive to get there from the East valley) to discuss some business. 
The food: I ordered a Cuban sandwich. I love these, so I figured, how can you screw one of these up? Well, it wasn't hard. I've lived in Florida, so I know what a Cuban sandwich should be like. First off, you only get half a sandwich. The bread was kind of hard and chewy (Could barely cut it with a knife), only a very small (and I mean very small) portion of pork on it (shredded), and some ham that I think came from a grocery store pre packaged. Not even deli cut ham. I only received one pickle on my sandwich. The fries were starting to get cold by the time my meal made it to the table. The iced tea was good. I do think that for the price, it could have been better. They should fix the meat and add some black beans and rice as a second side dish.
Service was pretty good since there were not a lot of people to be served.
I do like the gift shop, but those prices are crazy high on tee shirts, etc...I won't be back. Jimmy is truly in it for the money. Nothing more, nothing less.
Worst $14.00 dollar salad I ever had. Would have given zero stars. Three pieces of mango, limp iceberg lettuce no other greens, 1/8 cup of tiny chopped tomatoes & cucumbers. Smother in a paste of salad dressing.
Wait person never refilled my water. 
My husbands meal was just as bad.
This restaurant running on reputation alone.
came here today to watch the game and had an awesome time. great vibe, cool people, excellent staff. the managers Kevin and Vickie both stopped by to check on us and were so awesome. they obviously did their best to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. we'll definitely be back!!!
I love Margaritaville... But definitely not impressed with this visit. I was really looking forward to some Volcano  Nachos, but being by myself, I knew I couldnt eat the whole thing. I requested a half order, but was told they couldnt do that. I understand this policy if there is a large group, but not so much if
The only reason I will come back to this place is maybe for a drink or two, other than that I will never eat here again. I ordered the steak and shrimp meal.  The shrimp was your average fried shrimp just as I expected so no complaints there, but on the other hand my steak was not cooked to my specifications. I ordered it medium and the first time it came out it was well done. Fail! So the server took it back and ten minutes later a second steak came out and much to my despise it was also well done. EPIC FAIL!!! So I just gave up and ate some of the dry steak. You would think that a close to $30 plate would get more attention to detail on a simple task. Not the servers fault, the cooks need more practice on steak preparation.
Nachos are huge and delicious but wish they had during game specials.  Also the tv's fur watching a game are crap. You're at Westgate they should have better Moore impressive tv's to watch football. I'd recommend other sports places over here.
I don't normally write reviews, but this place was THAT bad that I felt compelled.  We were hoping for a good meal after a movie at the AMC.  The place was dead on a Friday night, so that should have been our first clue to run the other way.  Margaritas were awful.  Chili's or On the Border makes a much better margarita than this place.  We got the volcano nachos to start and those came out at room temperature and about 25% of the shredded cheese was not melted.  My son got a kids meal with veggies for the side.  The veggies were nothing but onions and squash.  Rest of the meal was bad as well.  $70 tab.  So brutal for what we got.  I should've complained, but I don't have that kind of energy after a long week.  Hope this saves someone from a really overpriced and terrible meal.
We should have known not to go to Margaritaville when all the other restaurants in Westgate had long waits and we walked right in and had our choice of tables. We should have known to leave when told they do not offer happy hour on game days. 

We ordered house margaritas on the rocks, which were fine. A pretty standard house margarita. They were $7.50 each. 

We ordered Crab, Shrimp and Mushroom Dip, which was $12.50 roughly. It is a decent sized serving, but size doesn't matter because you won't eat more than two bites.  It has the look and consistency of a tuna melt, complete with melted cheddar on top. It does not taste like any of the stated ingredients, but more how what I imagine cat food would taste. It comes with Texas toast, the variety you would find in the frozen section of the supermarket for $3 for a family size box. We sent it back. 

We also had wings with the Jamaican jerk sauce. They were mediocre at best. More edible than the cat food, but not worth ordering again. They were around $11 for 8 or so wings. 

Service was poor, which is surprising considering how empty it was compared to all neighboring restaurants. 

We left hungry and found the melted cheese that comes with pretzels and nachos at the game far better than anything at Margaritaville, if that says anything. 

I will never go back.
As a Parrothead I hadto come to Margaritaville. My family and I were visiting Phoenix for the first time last summer ad we came here after a D'Backs game. Just from viewing the outside I knew I was home. Of course, I had to order the Cheeseburger in Paradise. I'd also had it at Lucy Buffett's Lulu's in Gulf Shores, Alabama. Well, tis burger was just like I remembered it, hot and juicy and good to the last bite. Service was excellent. Our waitress brought us extra palm trees and napkins to take home as souvenirs. The staff was very friendly and le me take pictures all in and around the restaurant and store. Great place. I was definitely "living my life like a song."
Had dinner at Margaritaville tonight before the hockey game despite my better judgement as I have been there several times before. Waited 30 minutes and did get a decent seat outside to watch the crowd. The waitress was pleasant but as usual the food was just not that good. I ordered a Cheeseburger that was just 'so so'. The bun was not toasted and the cheese had not melted. My son had the Coconut Shrimp. It was cold and just not that appetizing. I just think that from a well-known chain like this, the food should be better. Lots of other options at Westgate, plan to try something different next time.
It's hard to write a review for this place considering my friend and I were here for 1 minute before we were rudely shoed out. We came for drinks and the hostess said we could find at the bar. The bar was empty with the exception for 4-5 people sitting on stools. There were no more seats so we kindly asked a couple at a high top table if we could borrow their stools and bring them to the bar to sit down. The second we brought them to the bar to sit down, an employee rudely ran over to us and practically yanked the chairs from under us saying that "those chairs can't be at the bar". He immediately put them back at the table and my friend and I just stood there confused and upset. He walked away and we (still standing at the bar) weren't sure what to do. The bartender stared at us and we walked out, clearly pissed, and not one employee looked at us. An absolutely horrible experience and I will make sure myself and anyone I know will never give this place a try again.
We had a server by the name of Britney. She was amazing. She knew the menu and drink combos very well and was very attentive to our needs. By far the best server we have ever had. She recommended the volcano nachos with chicken. Amazing!!! Thanks Britney.
Pros: Wait time on a busy Sat evening wasn't bad for a party of 7. 
Drinks were good
Waitress was friendly (not the greatest) but she had a great attitude.
Cons: Food was horrible. The crab, shrimp mushroom dip that we ordered as an app, was like mush. It tasted like someone dumped tuna fish on a plate. Nothing like stated on the menu (disgusting!)
 The "catch of the day" was mahi mahi, so 2 of us ordered fish tacos. What we got was crappy seasoned tilapia. 
The cheeseburger in paradise that was ordered by another person in our party was at best, a frozen patty that tasted microwaved. 
Bar staff was rude
Margarita flight is good but mango margaritas are the best.  Stopped in for a drink and the bartender has just made a flight for display.  Perfect for sharing on Valentine's Day.  Bartender didn't keep hounding us and we sat in the little bar area watching people and the fountains.   Great spot!  I will definitely make a point to go there again for the mango margarita.  It was that light, refreshing and easy to drink.
Went to a "Margarita Class" and never recieved my fake certificate. Kinda dumb...but I did drive from Gilbert. 

Drinks were OK...not a big selection....Food was ok....nothing amazing....nothing great...Yard House right across the way is much better.
I visited Margaritaville before a Cardinals game in December.  I was with extended family - there was about 8 people in our group.  Admittedly, we should have arrived earlier to get a table.  We put our name down for a table, and waited around the bar for over an hour.  Meanwhile, we saw guests who arrived after us taking large tables in the bar area. We didn't realize that these tables were first come-first served, and the servers did not make us aware of this when we arrived.

We saw a large table sit empty for quite some time.  Myself and others in my party asked if we could at least sit there while we waited, and were told No.  The hostesses couldn't give us a straight answer on when we would be seated.  Finally, they sat us at the empty table, and told us they were trying to catch up on their other tables before seating us.  We told them that was fine, but would have appreciated at least knowing that, and could have sat there for drinks rather than standing around the crowded bar.  We asked to speak with a manager, and one never showed up.

Once we were seated, the service was decent and fast.  But the food was mediocre and not worth the long wait.  I understand that they are very busy before games, but the way they handled a large party was very poor.
It's Margaritaville, what more do I need to say?  Good food, great service, love the ceiling and the decorations. I wish it was closer to Tempe and not so far away, we'd go more often. We have lucked out by going at 'off times' where there have not been any events in the arena next door, so we get a seat right away. Went there once during an event and had to wait an hour, and no where to sit at the bar either. Will go again, you should go too.
This place is awful! As MANY of the other reviews say, the service is HORRIBLE!!! We sat at the bar outside and the bar tender was so rude! She helped the couple next to us but completely ignored us even though I made several attempts to get her attention. She charged us full price instead of happy hour prices and was rude when I asked her to change it. The manager did discount the drinks and she was nice but I dont think the experience could have been saved at that point. I will never ever go back here. It is a waste of a LOT of time and money!
We were on vacation stopped in for St Patrick's day drinks and had a great time. The service was perfect and the volcano nachos were above expectations
SLOW SERVICE!  On a WED.  Food:  Fresh fish salty!  The food is the worst food of any I have ordered!  Do not waste your time or money. You AZ people have many wonderful places. This places should close. It is tha bad!
I was not planning on coming here but my friend's family took us here and they're awesome company. There was a bit of a wait so we looked around the gift shop. On the way there, I was heckled by the bartender for wearing a Kevin Durant shirt. Ninja, puh-leez!

5 O'Clock Somewhere:
Rum, passion fruit tequila, sour mix, OJ, pineapple juice, and grenadine on the rocks. 4/5

Tropical Fruit Margarita:
Frozen fruit-flavored  margarita mix (strawberry,  raspberry, banana, wildberry or mango), Triple Sec, and tequila. I picked strawberry and banana. I got mine served in a souvenir blender cup. This was surprisingly nice and strong. 4/5

Feelin' Hot Hot Hot:
Tequila, agave nectar, Habanero lime, margarita mix, and jerk seasoning on the rocks. I couldn't taste the habanero or whatever spice. 1/5

Cuban Sandwich:
Pulled pork, ham, Swiss cheese in a Cuban loaf with mustard. Served with a side of fries. I've had good Cuban sandwiches before. This was just ok. The bread was think and crispy. But I should have gotten the fish sandwich instead. 3/5

Barbecue Bacon Cheeseburger:
Nothing to write home about. 3/5

Our server was quite good. But man, that bartender.
Unfortunately my husband and I ventured in here after turning down the 35 minute wait at The Yardhouse. Margaritaville was nearly empty.. It's a HUGE restaurant with a lower and upper level, and on a Saturday night I would expect it to be packed. Not so, there were maybe five tables in use. It all started out well enough. The place is visually entertaining. They've clearly spent a small fortune on the island-type decor and primo space viewing the fountains at Westgate. 

That's where the good ended. 

I was desperate for a steak after forgoing Yardhouse, so I was happy when I saw a basic sirloin on the menu. There were two "turf" options, and I opted for the non-teriyaki version. At $21 and some change I was hoping for a fairly decent steak, rare. (I clarified to our server twice just to make sure) 

My husband ordered a simple Cuban sandwich. 

The food took strangely long to come out, seeing how there was nearly no one there. When it finally did come out it was presented in an ok fashion. Although my $21 sirloin was a mere deck of cards size and suspiciously dark. I cut into the center of the steak to find a ragingly overcooked piece of meat. Annoyed, I began on my Caesar salad and fries which were incredibly ordinary but edible. Read: frozen fried steak fries and generic Caesar) The server came back to ask us how everything was, and begrudgingly I presented her with my so overcooked it was dry steak. She apologized and was nice enough, then promised to have another one cooked immediately. 

10 minutes passes...

Husband has decided that his Cuban is really actually kind of crappy. The bread was stale and crushed, the ham, flavorless, all around it was just a really boring and terribly executed sandwich.

15 minutes passes....

25 minutes pass..

And finally the server returns. She says that when they were cooking my second steak "they botched it" and unfortunately they have no more steaks prepped for tonight. At this point I was full on crappy fries and my Caesar salad, and just said scrap it all. She tried to get me to order anything else.. I just wasn't having it. I wanted to go home and cook myself a steak. 

Eventually the manager came out, and he was also desperate to "take care of us" and very apologetic. He and the server both seemed sincere, but I just wanted nothing to do with the place any more. No, I didn't want a free meal next time. No, I don't want a free slice of cheesecake. No I don't want coconut shrimp. 

It was nearly comical after the groveling session had concluded. 

Our server brought us our bill, my food removed of course, we paid, and got the hell out of dodge. We will never return to this place. A junky sandwich, insane time lapses between ordering and receiving, and they run out of steaks on a Saturday night at 7:30 pm? Ridiculous. 

I'd advise anyone considering Margaritaville to go to any one of the other restaurants within Westgate. There's a ton of good ones, this one NOT being one of them.
We ventured into Margaritaville on a late Thursday afternoon on 4-24-14 during Happy Hour.  Decor was awesome! Not busy, should have been a sign for us.  My husband wanted to sit inside but near the outdoors.  We let the Hostess know but she seated clear on the other side in a corner!  This started my husband off on the wrong foot! 

We each ordered a drink.  I, the $5 House Margarita special which was not very good but considering the price.  I've tasted lots better. It came out in a regular standard glass!!  One would think eating at Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville it would be in a Margarita Glass for the theme and fun!!   I then gave my Margarita to my husband and I ordered the Fins to the Left. The color of it was pretty and the name was what I was paying for but the taste was just not there!  I wasted $7.50 on that drink!!

We ordered Lava Shrimp for our app. which was quit good, delicious in fact but it went down hill from there.  My husband said his Jimmy's Jammin' Jambalay
 was very  good BUT over priced for the amount he got, should have been around $14 or $15 instead of the $18 he was paying.  We had to wait to find someone to ask for Hot Sauce for his Gumbo as it got cold. Here comes paying for the name thing again!  I ordered the Blu Cheese Burger since the waitress said it was their most popular and ordered it MEDIUM.  Fries were good BUT my burger was DONE and DRY!!  Hardly any Blu Cheese on the burger!!   Worst hamburger I ever had and to think this is Jimmy Buffet Hamburger in Paradise?  I think NOT!!  I did not let the waitress know since it would be another 20-25 minute wait for another even though they were not busy.  I just went ahead and ate it.
 
We have been trying to get here for 3 years to eat since we live almost 1 hour from there and it was a major disappointment.  We should have gone back to Yardhouse where the drinks, food and service was so much better!  If we come back, it will be during Happy Hour and we will get several orders of the Lava Shrimp and only beer. Something basic.  Not wasting my money on a Margarita when they do not know how to make them in Margaritaville and served in a standard everyday glass. !!  Once again, we were only paying for the name!!
Worst service ever!! I can only order 1 drink at a time for 2 people? WTF!!! How long em I in time out for? Don't come here!!
Ok food. Not a great happy hour. No one is here for dinner. Cool if you are a huge jimmy fan not so cool otherwise. Not a must visit. If are bored check it out.
Prices are good and came for a band which was great. The service however is inconsistent and who and how many drinks they will serve varies based on the bartender. If you have policies no problem but they need to be enforced consistently or not be in place. I will continue to come for shows but would recommend only coming if you understand the poor service you will receive.
Came for bike night and sat on the patio.  Worst service! We waited at least 10 minutes for our drinks. When more of the group came, an even longer wait for just drinks. It wasn't even that busy, so I don't even know what the problem was. Food was ok, we only ordered appetizers because we did not want to wait even longer for real food.
Went in at 4:30. It was not busy at all but we waited 30 minutes for our drinks. The appetizers were out before the drinks. No reason for it.  The food was decent. Humus plate was good but shrimp cocktail was over cooked.  Would not return.
Happy hour deal is good and lasts until 7 and starts again at 10. Quality is mediocre, but good for half price.
As a major Parrothead I really like the Glendale property.  I'm clueless to why Jimmy choose this location as it's always empty!  I hope business can pick up for them so they stick around.  Staff are friendly and provide a good time with the same menu standard across the chain.

You can never go wrong with the Cheeseburger, of course, but there are a lot of great other options.  Shrimp, ahi, nachos, are all quite nice.  The fajitas are not that great, but that's okay.  It's really the experience you are there for in the first place.

I always recommend the "Perfect Margarita", why waste time, it's Perfect!
Being a "First to Review" whore, I convinced Hubby we needed to try the pub with the huge "now open" sign on our way out of Metro Center. Donna D. beat me to the punch, but we are very glad we went anyway. The interior is full of dark woods, with framed pictures, metal and mirrored beer ad signs, a mural, and antique instruments on the wall. The music was great, from The Smiths, REM, and STP to the Red Hot Chili Peppers. A band was setting up as we were leaving. It was quite busy, but we were still able to get a table right away at 9:00 on a Friday night. However, by the time we left, there were no tables to be had and the outside smoking tables were also completely crowded. The customers were totally eclectic, from older very well dressed Scottsdale types to skinheads. 

The drink menu seemed pretty standard, with Scotches, Irish whiskeys, bottled and tap beer. The menu was not huge, but let's hope that they do all the food as well as our dinner selections. They made a grand claim that they served the only authentic Shepherd's Pie in Arizona, and Hubby just had to see if they were full of it. Soon he was full of the best shepherd's pie he said he's ever had, made with lamb and champs. I had the fish and chips. The fish was not quite Rosie McCaffrey's and the chips were not quite as good as Rula Bula's, but it was all very very good. The piece of fish was about 12x5" and super crispy, and the chips were potato wedges, well-seasoned and tasty. The tartar sauce was unusually tangy (and delicious) , but the cole slaw was served in a ramekin so small that it fit about a tablespoon's worth, but that turned out to be OK, since it was virtually tasteless. There were also burgers, sandwiches, cottage pie, and flat iron steaks on the menu, and a ridiculous sounding bread and butter pudding for dessert that we will be back to try (they were already out when we asked for it).

It was great to see a brand new place doing so well already, and Tim's will likely end up in our regular rotation of favorites.

UPDATE: We returned and had another good meal, and we noticed that a few things with my fish dinner had changed- less breading, more flavor in the coleslaw (mustard?), but the "chips" were a little soggy this time. We also got to try the bread and butter pudding. I'm not sure what to say about it- it's strange, for sure. A hot rectangle of cripsy on the outside and almost slimy on the inside bread pudding with a few pockets of raisins and a two note taste: hella sweet and bourbon. It was heart-stopping rich. The whole plate was drizzled with a slightly sweet thick butter sauce. It definitely  needed something else- maybe a little cinnamon.
Lovin' the new pub!  I've been there three times in the last couple of weeks and have to admit that I'm hooked. Where else can you get Strongbow on tap, and The Pogues, Dropkick Murphy, The Tossers, and Flogging Molly on the box?!! The food isn't half bad either!

They have a phenomenol HH with apps at half off and drink specials that actually make it reasonable. My first trip came in at $25 for three apps and 4 pints. We sampled the wings, some weird little sausage rolls, and the corned beef and cabbage taquitos (which I must say were quite tasty in a really unexpected way). The best part was that Donelle (ask for her if you are there), lined me up with the second pints 2 minutes before the prices went up to save me a little moola!

They have live music three or four nights a week, pub trivia when there is no band and sunday afternoons they do Seisiun (think fraggle rock with Irish or celtic instruments). Check out their website for details shows http://www.timfinnegans.com/index.htm

This place is comfortable, way not pretentious, and may just be my new home away from home!  Slainte  : )
I tried this place a few weeks back and have been meaning to get to the review.

I couldn't manage to get anyone to go out and have a few pints with me, but you know what? I have no problem drinking alone so I went anyhow.

The place is pretty large for the cozy pub feel that it has. The music was great, though I agree the soud system needs some work. It is hard to hear from the actual bar, though maybe this is on purpose. 

They have a good sized patio for us smokers and you are allowed to take your drinks with you. Thank god.

They claim the only real shepphards pie in Arizona, so I had to try it and it was fantastic, though the real star was the brown bread they served with it. They bake it fresh on site and it is amazingly good.

Most of the wait staff had Irish accents. How can you not enjoy the charm in an Irishman serving you a beer. The owner was even making rounds introducing himself and he was a standup guy.

I haven't made it back yet but it is definately in the stars.
Taking my Irish partner out to the pub should be a gesture of pure love. Finding an authentic pub near home should be a joy of epic proportions. Our visit to Tim Finnegans was disappointing. We seem to have difficulty getting attention in places we visit. Here again was a place we had to seat ourselves, get our own menu's, help ourself to silverware all while the place wasn't busy. We sat and when we did get a server she was incompetent. We tried to order food and drinks, but she left the table before we could finish.  We  got our drinks delivered by another server and asked for the appetizer from her. Then we just sat and watched the game on the screen. We watched our original girl take two other tables orders. Out came the appetizer and when it was completely gone, she came over to take our dinner order. 
The food: The chips and and curry appetizer was quite tasty, the curry sauce should be thicker to coat the chips more, and it could add some spice, but I thought it was a very novel item. The signature Lamb Shepherd's pie was very disappointing. You can substitute the L with an Sp and drop the silent B and get a better description of it's content. Hormel would be proud. The champ potatoes on top would be better replaced with pastry. My partner's corned beef and cabbage was decent. However the Corned beef was cut in narrow slivers and the meat was bloated with water. On the other hand the cabbage and parsley was very good. The potatoes were the same as atop the pie, they stood up better on a plate. We ordered the bread pudding and thought that the exterior was fabulous, the interior a bit too slimy and the whiskey/bourbon sauce, lacking in flavor or sweetness with a consistency that unnerved. I do not want to use an unsavory term for the consistency of that sauce, but it needs much more sweetening regardless. Take the sauce from Rula Bula and put it on the bread and you'd be much happier indeed! Over all the decor is nice, the place could have a good ambiance especially if they were playing Irish music, they weren't. It was some modern rock station. The check came before the dessert was gone and, well I guess we were done. 
Sigh. This really could have been a better experience.
Fecking Great.    

Update:

Went for lunch:   This time I thought the corned beef taquitos even  better than last, curry chips tad saltier.  Still loving the appetizers and the cider.  This time had the  cottage pie,  it's  really nothing to write home about, specially if you are from the region and your parent's wouldn't appreciate you seeing other cottage pies;)    Spend the extra on the sheperds  it's really much better.   This was ok , really really nothing special and the heat could have been better.   Service  is good, but pedestrian , the last time I had no time pressure, this time I did.     We're sitting at 3.5 - 3.75 now with the round up till 4. Still  I'll return
 

Original Review:
 First thanks to Julie P for pointing out that this place exists. That it's within stumbling distance of the house ( think prolonged zombie stumble over an hour  versus a quick trip and recover)  is even better. 
Cider on tap is Strongbow and you get it in a real pint., Yay.  Sadly that's all they have and there's no bottled ones to try ,  Strongbow is  the Bud of UK ciders and while it's way better than no cider or what passes for beer here it's not that hard to stock more of a common drink for a themed bar. 

Onto the Food  (I'll get to it as a venue some other time)  
Appetizers.  Curry and chips was exactly what it should have been  and a generation of Irish and UK kids have  grown up with this for lunch  at the local chip shop.   
 
The  corned beef and cabbage taquitos  I think  are moving up to be our #1 appetizer that's not a hot wing. Taste of these  and the hot mustart / tomatillo salsa on the base compliment each other nicely. Not heavy on the fat and delightfully  crunchy.  For once an Irish restaurant trying to do something other than name US staples with cute regional names. 

Main: Salad   and the sheperd's pie. Let's not get into the salad it's a waste of time reviewing vegetables.  The pie is pretty good and none of the flavours overwhelm each other. Not sure the champ ( mashed potatos ) atop them live up to what lies below but it's more a personal texture issue than it spoiled the overall dish.  

Bread and Butter pudding is really good but please if you have any trouble sleeping after reading nutrition sheets as to the fat and carb content of your meal DON'T just  eat it and run round the  block four times before getting back in the car. 

Oddity?    parsley flakes on all the plates to make it green , please just buy green speckled plates , it's classier:D  At the end got a coupon for 25% off the next bill which I will certainly take them up on. It's as good  for food as any of the valley's Irish bars ( better imho)  but have to get back on pub quiz night  to really know.

Were in too early to hear the band but you can look at the pa, the space and  know it's going to sound  bad ( place looks like standing wave city)  with anything electric and full drum set.     The jukebox played "i'm too sexy " by Right said fred  WTF that really  messed up the ambience.Country bars don't have NIN on the box after all.
Went for lunch today and had the Shepherd's pie. A co-worker had the peppercorn burger and it looked so fancy with an onion ring and pickle skewered on top.  The ambiance was more than I expected! Reserving stars until I get to go back for live music and drinks... stay tuned... the music line up is pretty impressive!
Went back to listen to Shay Veno perform. What a great place to hang out in the neighborhood! (although the music started about 45 minutes later than was advertised, which wouldn't be AS big of a deal if it wasn't a weeknight...)

BTW, the corned beef and cabbage taquitos are really good!! 

Definitely worth keeping an eye on this place...  I plan to go again...
the food here is great. but the service leaves something to be desired.

we called ahead with a party of 10 at noon on a sunday -- they said it would be no problem. when we got there, there was one server on the floor and she apparently couldn't keep up. we got our own silverware, condiments and refills. 

when we expressed displeasure to the owner, he told us the server was overworked -- but he wasn't all that polite about it. (and anyway, isn't that his fault?) it should also be noted that he was behind the sparsely-seated bar the entire time and didn't seem to be helping her at all. he apologized and put in an order for free dessert. we weren't in the mood to sit there longer -- we had already been there for two hours -- so when we passed on dessert, the owner got pissy. i would have called someone else to complain, but there isn't  much you can do when even the owner is rude to you.

anyway. go for the food, but consider getting it to go.
I'll score Tim Finnegans "the old 3-stars."  I stopped here with a coworker and we both had the Fish & Chips lunch special.  Having had great fish & chips (which should be made with haddock, not cod) I never expect more than 3 star fish & chips from most places and all the more so in Phoenix for an 8.99 lunch special.

So with that as a standard I got what I expected.  Fairly good fish & chips.  It was a good size slab of cod and the batter was just heavier than a light batter.  The fish was flaky and tender, not a bit overdone.  Phew.  So often it's overdone.  An Irish pub should be able to nail fish & chips.  If not, just shut her down.

The chips were thick cut and skin on, very good.  They came already salted and seasoned lightly.  When they are being served up with fish and you might use malt vinegar perhaps they should forgo the normal seasonings.

The atmosphere here was nice, dark and cozy.  Pretty much dead at lunch time but I imagine they are full on the weekend.  If not, they have a problem.  There is a stage and they advertise various events with live music, trivia and other such shenanigans.
They added too much to their menu, and they're overwhelmed. They also got rid of their good lunch specials. So, go here for the drinks and the atmosphere.

Hopefully the management is only doing this temporarily. Because I miss their $5 lunch specials. They're not so popular yet as to scrape those, add a dozen items to the menu, and call it quits. Their kitchen can't handle it.

So, eat beforehand and come up. The drinks are still good, until they raise the prices of those too.

Edit: Spoke too soon. I just went to their website and noticed they changed their "$3 Smithwicks Every day All Day" to the far inferior Carlsberg for $3 whatever, whatever. Oh, it's sad to see such potential beginning to tank so soon. Service has dropped, quality of food has dropped, and now they really are already raising their drink prices. Shame.
if you're looking for an authentic irish pub, this is it. this looks like it was brought over from ireland. the bar is really nice and the entire place is cool. they also have a live band during happy hour! that's a big plus for me to beable to listen to a band before 5.  during happy hour, which they have 7 days a week, all appetizers are half off. they have lots of good appetizers. if you order off the menu besides appetizers, the food is very good. the corned beef and cabbage is great with huge portions. i've been here multiple times and all the portions are large, great flavor, and it's a big plus to get the appetizers half off. there are plenty of plasmas in the dining area and bar to catch a game. they also have a band on friday nights. not sure about saturday. i think as far as atmosphere, it's very cool and you feel like you're in ireland.
i dropped in here with a group of friends one night after an epic round of mini golf & mini shooters. my devilsh idea of mixing mini golf with pockets full of 50ml shooters. fun was had. well pre-Tim Finnegans that is.
 this place was not nearly as cool as Rosie McCaffrey's was when it first opened. so i'm sure this place will start A-OK and just get worse. the Douchery level at McCaffrey's is pretty thick now, so i expect the same of Tim Finnegan's in the near future.

food was decent to good, price was average.
What a great pub!  Tim's has a great atmosphere, a good selection of beers and amazing food.  Every time we go we've always had great service.
Great service, decent Irish grub that makes you want to drink more Guinness, authentic pub atmosphere and live music certain nights.  

The Shepherd's Pie ($12.99) that is so proudly highlighted in the menu missed the mark.  Having lived in London, we're a big fan of the dish and were excited to see that TF uses the more traditional minced lamb and not beef.  However, the meat was overpowered by way too much dried rosemary leaves.  The brown bread that accompanied it was the highlight, followed by the mashed potatoes and finally the lamb.

This is a good place to hang out over a couple of pints while the food comes second.
running into Tommy tonight was awesome. after the first time here i wasn't sure if it was the place he opened, but now its confirmed it is. and i'm happy to support any establesment that Tommy is behind, because he is one good guy. from my converstaion i assertained that every bartender is Irish born, which from our conversation is unique to Tim FInnegans. hats off to that. if i could find a swedish bar with 100% swed born bartenders i would be into that. but lets face it, the sweds arent exactly known for their beer or whiskey. so it is what it is.

i wish Tommy the best with his place and hope nothing but the best for him. the Yelp party was a great success. i'll drop in more if i'm in the area. 

i hope the Douchery doesn't infest this place as i previously predicted. Tommy assured me it wasn't the clientel he was looking for. so i'm crossing my fingers.
I have driven past this place many a time and wanted to stop in, but something always got in my way. 
Well, tonight was a special night and I finally got my chance to check out Tim Finnegans. 

As I walked through the bright red door I was hit with the authentic Irish smell of salty fish, not over powering, but just like I pulled into port. 

When I look around the bar I feel like I'm in an Irish antique shop, there is an old fashioned metal bike hanging on the wall with very old metal signage. It definitely has a neighborhood feel for me. This palce just gives off really good vibes to me. I would imagine that this is what an authentic Irish pub is like in Ireland.

The set up of the bar is very accommodating, they have a section that is lower than the regular bar which I assume is for little people and people in wheelchairs; and any place that is considerate of all their customers earns rave reiews in my book.

The LIVE music was great and a real treat. I like that they do this more than twice a week. 

I intereacted with two bartenders and four waitresses that night and I have to say everyone was very friendly and on the ball.

I'm definitely going back. If anything changes, believe me, you'll be the first to know!
I really love this place! 
Yes it is in a strip mall-what isn't? 
But, when I was sitting inside listening to the great live music and drinking my Guinness I felt like I was back in Michigan or somewhere back East where old school Irish pubs and hole-in-the-wall bars are much more prevalent than trendy clubs and lounges. 

Great service! 
The place is huge and has your general bar food and full bar. I have yet to try anything besides their beer but I am sure I will be back in the future!
Finally back in Phoenix with the hubby for a week or two and I have to drive up north to visit with a friend in from Buffalo to talk about networking and marketing. I need some dinner and a beer before I head to my little schmoozefest and remember that the recent Yelp Elite event (that I missed because I was out of town) was held at this place. 

We find Tim Finnegans and decide that we want to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful night air after my month in the frigid northeast.  We walked in to get menus and I noticed that the place seemed huge, but I walked through and went outside so I didn't get to see much.

Outside there are numerous shiny new wooden tables with benches at which to sit.  Our waitress meets us outside and quickly takes our drink orders.  We peruse the menu for our choices, and by the time she comes back are ready to order.

We chose chicken wings as an appetizer, because that's how we roll.  The wings were meaty and pretty good.  If I were reviewing only them, I would probably give them 3.5 stars.  No Franks, but the sauce was a good combination of hot and vinegary.  They could have been a little crispier.

I ordered the Shepherds Pie, which claims to be the only authentic pie in the valley.  I'm not sure what makes it authentic, but my guess is the lamb.  I've never seen it offered as a lamb dish before.  Unfortunately, I was too full from the wings and couldn't take more than a few bites.  I'll eat the leftovers later, because from what I tasted this meat and potato dish was pretty yummy.

I'd give the whole restaurant 3.5 stars and round it up to 4 for the willingness of the owners to open an original restaurant in the land of chains.  I would definitely go back and try it again if I have time while I'm here.
Tim Finnegan's is the best Irish Pub and hands down the best bar in the area. 

They have the typical selection of pub drafts that you'd expect, and they are never overpriced for a good Irish Whiskey or mixed drink.

The food is amazing, always ask what the soup is. Paul, the head chef, will whip up some amazing soups that have to be tried. I love the shepherd's pie and the Reuben, and if you like hot wings, they are pretty darn good. Having tried them all though I can honestly say every single entree is delicious, and the bread pudding is not to be missed!

The service is solid, and everyone there is friendly and will learn your name after you've been there a few times.

Tuesday pub trivia is a blast, and the live music on the weekends is always great. I have yet to find a bar withing 15 miles of Tim Finn's that will keep me coming back like this place does!
I thought I had made quite the discovery while mini golfing last night when I saw that whatever crab house/fish tacos place here had gone under and been converted into an irish pub. Turns out there was that yelp event here. Well regardless I knew a couple of brews here would be the perfect accompaniment to the flask of scotch I took down at Castles n' Coasters.

I saw they feature 3 dollar Carlsberg's on tap and thought I was falling in love. Until they came. What is going on with the tapped beer here? I tried a Harp too, to see if it was just the Carlsberg, but both were strangely lacking their hearty flavor. I can't put my finger on it, because they weren't flat, but it was the poorest Carlsberg and Harp I ever had on tap. It also didn't help matters that the potato skins we ordered couldn't even stack up against Applebee's.

At least the had an "Irish" band playing. I could tell because my ears started to bleed green and orange. Is that supposed to happen? I don't think so, especially since half of the songs they played sounded more like they were from the band in the Swayze classic "Roadhouse" then befitting an Irish pub. Part of the problem just looks to be the natural acoustics of the space, but someone really needs to tell the house band that just because you can play loud enough to permanently make the entire pub crowd lose their ability to hear a violin, doesn't mean you should. They need to be able to play to the venue they have.

Timmy's also features a cast of entertaining, yet depressing characters, mostly of the mid-life crisis variety. There is Jig By the Server's Station with Your Heels Off Until Your Boob Falls Out Girl. We also got to see Take of Your Jive Hat So you Can Lick the Boobs of a Cardboard Cutout Beer Model Advertisement Guy. There was a brief cameo of I'm Gonna Wear My Gears of War Hoddie AND Hat Out Wherever I Feel Like to Make it Painfully Obvious How Much I Hate Human Interaction and Want To Get Home to Some Multiplayer Action Guy. There was the Sit as Close as Possible to the Band and Shout "Chug!Chug!Chug!" at Every Break Crowd. And of course who can ignore Lonely Guy Who Incessantly Claps at the Bar to Every Irish Anthem Played.

I have to give the place 3 stars for effort though, and for providing an escape in the metro center area that badly needed a dependable bar other then Applebee's. Even if the potato skins suck. At least I can now get blind stupid drunk for mini-golf. UYE?
Tim Finnegan's is a badass Irish pub & probably my first choice to grab some beers in the Ghetro-center area. If you're looking to go there for drinks & entertainment, then you'll have a good time. 4 or 5 stars for the pub environment.

For vegetarians, this place gets 2 stars for the food. For non-vegetarians, my fellow diners also have not been impressed with the food.

So to summarize: eat elsewhere and then head to Tim Finnegan's for drinks & entertainment.
So the boy and I wanted a Sunday afternoon drink, near his place. We stopped by Tim Finnegans.  From the outside, in a strip mall, this place looks like a dive bar, but the inside isn't, at all. It was very nice/typical pub decor. There was a traditional irish band playing in a circle, in the corner. It was nice. The drinks were slightly overpriced, but they have strongbow and smithwicks on tap. I looked over the menu and there wasn't too many vegetarian options. We ordered the curry chips, which were awesome [think fries with a spicy curry dipping sauce]! The authentically irish bartender turned off the soccer game and turned on the tour de france when we asked, which was nice. Overall, I am just not a fan of "themed bars", unless the theme is "dive."  However, I'll be back for another mid-Sunday afternoon drink.
They just updated their menu and it's good! They have a better variety of entrees now and all the new ones I've tried are pretty darn good. They also swapped out Strong Bow for Magner's Irish Cider and the Stella for Guinness 250 which is awesome.
Just got back from lunch.  Went to go watch the UEFA Champions League games and get a bite.  Had the mussels and leaks and wow amazing.  Wish I could have drank some of the great beers of the world on tap.  Especially the 250 anniversary Guinness for $2.50 a pint yes I typed that right $2.50 a pint.  

Great spot to eat and have drinks or in my case a great place to enjoy the game and have a bite.
So we were out doing our shopping and strayed a bit too far out of the CenPho region and ended up in gang-land.  Decided we should stop and eat somewhere that didn't end in "iro's" which meant we were limited to a chain or Tim Finnegans.

The place is pretty scary dark which makes for a very typical pub-like atmosphere.  They were jammin out some loud ass irish music in the back room which made the place almost impossible to talk in.  It was actually really annoying and I would have appreciated them shutting the hell up at any point during our hour there.  They had a bunch of thowball and rugby games on but you couldn't hear any of them.  Seemed like a great place to watch a match if they weren't playin such loud music.

I ordered some sandwich.  It wasn't very good.  It was supposed to be Philly Cheese Steak inspired but it was just sort of dry and lacked a creamy cheese that would have saved the bread.  It wasn't great but it was edible.  The mashed potatoes were pretty killer though and I would highly recommend them.

Our waitress spent most of her time sitting at the bar chatting with some people or playing games on the little bar top machine.  Our drinks never got refilled and she was generally inattentive.  I'd probably go back for drinks and whatnot but I'm not really feeling this place.
This place is a lot of fun to hang out with a group of friends.The drinks were good and the food came quickly. The music was live and was very good. I didn't even realize the music was live at first as I couldn't see the singer from where I was sitting.
Although the drinks were tasty, they were inconsistent in strength. Over the course of the evening I had three long islands. The first one was perfect. the second tasted like it had almost no alcohol in it and the third was ALMOST too strong, but being the trooper that I am, I drank it anyway!
We had split the happy-hour sized curry fries (under cooked), and the hot wings (good but not hot at all) and I had the turkey club sandwich.
The happy hour apps were good but nothing spectacular. Good for bar food though. The fries could have been cooked for an extra couple of minutes but the sauce was good though a bit on the bland side.  The wings were on the small side and I ordered the hot and didn't get so much as a tingle.
Now the club sandwich was REALLY good. I was quite happy eating that!
One of the things that bugged me is how hard it was to get the bartenders' attention. There was no method to how they chose who they served next. Sometimes they would check on us 2-3 times before we were ready to order another drink sometimes it would take 10+ minutes before we could get their attention. We even called them by name (in a completely non obnoxious way!). At one point, one of the guys I was with whistled to get the bartenders attention (after raising his hand, waving him down and calling him by name several times) so he could order another drink before happy hour ended, and the bartender went off on him.
THE best Irish pub I've found in the valley, great staff, food and drinks. I just wish it wasn't in such a crappy area.
Went to watch the USA vs. El Salvador friendly.  Tim Finnegans is now an official USA soccer bar.  :)  I had my usual mussles with leeks and bacon and it was great as always.  The beer selection is great and there are plenty of TV's all with the game on and the volume was on all over the bar.  I even like how there are speakers in the bathrooms so if you do have to get up for a break you still now what's going on.  I can't wait to be able to watch the rest of the friendly's and then the world cup here.
This is a St. Patty's day review.

They blocked off the parking lot. For some reason drinks were a tiny bit cheaper outside. Guinness was $5.75 inside & only $5 outside. Strange.

There was some band doing all sorts of cover songs. The song choices were great, but the band sucked! There was more live music inside which was a little more Irish authentic.

The people working here are hot. That's the guys, & girls. Yowza!

Only shitty thing about this place is if you try to order a soda or water you will get ignored. You're gonna have to ask 3-5 times before you get your non-alcoholic drink. Yes, I KNOW they make $$ off alcohol, but c'mon now... It takes 5 seconds to pour a soda.

The bathrooms became disgusting. That's too be expected & I'm not docking points for that. There are only 2 stalls though. Ladies, pee faster!

All in all this place isn't too bad. Decently pub like. I ended my night at Rosie's though & I think I'll skip Finnegans next year & go strait to Rosies.
I have only been here a couple of times but this is totally my kind of place. Good drink prices $3 Carlsbergs, I have only had the fish and chips to eat and it was awesome. As far as Irish bars go, this one has good decor and detail. Now that its the only Official US Soccer bar in Arizona, I am going to spend a lot more time there come World Cup time.
On Friday I went in at 6:30am to watch the USA vs. Slovenia World Cup match yes I did just say 6:30am.  The even cooler part was when I got there my first item I ordered and received was a nice cold Kiltlifter.  Oh how good beer is when you first wake up. :)  They had breakfast which was great I got to drink 3 more beers while I watched the match which surprisingly was packed and if it wasn't for a horrible call from the ref was great.  I'll be back Wednesday at 6:30 for the final group match against Algeria.
Tim Finnegans when will you open a location in Tucson? Every time I go to Phoenix I try to stop by this great Irish pub. A ton of great beers on tap and fabulous ambiance, this pub is a great place to spend a few hours. I especially love the food. This is the place for Shepherd's Pie. If you've never had it, Shepherd's Pie is ground lamb, veggies and mashed potatoes. It is amazing! I also love the cod sliders. Tim Finnegans has happy hour specials and bands on Fridays and Saturdays. If you're in the area and have a hankering for all things Irish stop by!
I don't really care what the overall stars rating is, this place is great!
The Shepard's pie is one of the best in the valley and the staff is always ready with a fresh pint.
The Sunday jam sessions for traditional music is great.
i'm sorry. i love the hamburgers. and the shepard's pie. and while i had one bad experience a few years ago, i enjoy this place.
Very genuine Irish bar. In Ireland, people don't go around playing fiddles all the time, so I'm OK with this place not having had that when I visited :) 

As far as the location, it has plenty of parking, it's very roomy, decorated well, clean & the staff is helpful & friendly. 

I went there to watch a UFC game & I was lucky to get there early enough to get a seat at the bar, right in front of the TV :) They also show soccer games, which you'll be hard pressed to find in many places. 


The food portions are big, at least for me, lol. My friend had the Sheppard's pie & he went on about it for days, so I guess it was THAT good. They also have plenty of options on draft & were willing to give suggestions for mixed drinks. I don't remember what the drink I had was called, but it was yummy! Great bar tender.
Been to this place a few times in the last 2 years and always had a good time, so when I heard they were having an Open Bar for New Year's Eve I jumped at gathering a few friends to celebrate here. I called ahead to see if we could purchase tickets ahead of time or see if we can make a reservation. They said they were expecting a huge crowd so just to show up really early. Come New Year's Eve night my friends and I get there at about 845ish. Band wasn't on yet, there were still a few tables open abd the bar wasn't crowded at all. The hubby ordered some fish and chips to munch on with our beers. Wasn't impressed. Nor was I in the past when I tried their food other nights, so I didn't have high expectations anyhow. Open bar was just $20 for ladies, $30 for guys. It was well worth it!! Included all draft beer and a selection of shots. We definitely had a great time here and took advantage of the open bar. Bartender even let us know when there was a cab available outside when we were good and drunk. The bar never got too crowded and crowd didn't get too crazy - aside for a few girls who threw up all over themselves in the restroom. But you know everyone's having a good time when the ladie's room gets backed up and no one cares because we're all just having a good time chitchatting with each other - cat fight free.
I used to play on a Coed indoor soccer team that was sponsered by this bar and that is when I started to go here. If you are into authentic Irish bars then you absolutely must stop in. It is in a kind of hidden corner but once you walk in you will realize how charming it is. Even the bartender is actually Irish! They have $3 Carlsberg all day every day and other great Irish beers and ciders on tap. As far as food goes I have only had their fish and chips but it was delicious. We stopped in last Saturday night because they are the only Official US Soccer bar in Arizona and we wanted to watch the game. We were pleasantly surprised with the live music they had that night. It was really great and I think we will be going more often now!
So the hubs and I decided to stop in here last night. We live fairly close by and had never been, though we drive past it a fair amount, we've just never stopped in. 

So we slide on in around 6:30 or so and are promptly greeted and told we can take a seat where ever we want. We chose to sit at one of the big round tables on top of a barrel! The place is very much what I would expect an Irish pub to look like. Lots of dark heavy wood that puts off a real welcoming vibe. 

Our waiter Joey was outstanding! He was so friendly and helpful! 

Now, lets get serious and talk about what matters most, THE FOOD! They were having a half price apps special so we ordered up some crab cakes and wings. The crab cakes were really great! The hubs chowed down on the wings and seemed to really enjoy them. 

For entrees I ordered the fish and chips. Seriously, WHOA! Might be some of the best fish and chips I've ever had! The huge portion of cod was cooked perfectly! The batter was just right, not to heavy, just right. The chips were great, skin on hand cut fries, seasoned to perfection! 

The hubs had the flat iron steak sandwich. Its served on a crusty bread, which the hubs was not a fan of. He said the steak had a good flavor to it but would probably order something different next time. 

We really had a nice time here. A man was in the back singing and playing guitar. We will for sure be coming back here!
The best Real Irish pub in Phoenix.
I really like this place. I typically go for happy hour with the girls, but I drug my husband there last night. They have wonderful beers on draft, and the food is a nice change from typical "bar food".  My husband and I had several Smithwicks, which were cold and were delivered in a timely manner. I had the steak salad. It was a little fatty, but the dressing was awesome. Ben had the sliders, which were moist and tasty. Our server was friendly and prompt. I only have 2 small issues with this place: first, I like to sit on the patio, but every time I go there, I have to go inside and ask for service. After I ask, I usually have great service, but I would prefer to be served without asking. Second, the crowd is sort of strange. I love eclectic people, but every time I go there, there are people who try to have these strange, conservative-laden conversations with me. Not that I am intolerant of people's views, but I am having a convo with the people I came with, and it feels strange to be randomly interrupted by strangers. Not the bars fault, just an observation.
You're out in the north central valley, you don't really want to go to a dive bar, you're not a hipster and you can't spend another trendy moment eating anything on a board.... pull up a stool at Tim Finnegans for a pint and wait for the music or an interesting conversation to begin! It's better than anything in the Metrocenter area has any right to be (in its current incarnation at least).
Nice atmo, friendly service, decent food. This isn't very Irish to me, but at least it's not a sports bar with an "Irish" brand. This is a nice place to meet friends and hang out. Trivia night was pretty awesome and they have a decent concert calendar.
It has been a while since we stopped by as we are loyal to O'Connors, but we heard the food was good so we got a late lunch one afternoon. The place was nice decor was traditional, the people were friendly. We sat at the bar, and they didn't have the drink I wanted but they did offer a couple other things. When the food came out, I just wasn't impressed if I recall correctly it was 11 dollars for 2 pieces of fish and some french fry's and I left still feeling hungry. 

If I were just going to drink I would go back, but the food just didn't impress me. I may try them again, but I just wasn't impressed.
Random.

I am sleeping. My friend wakes me up from my castle at 12am, banging on my door saying I have to go out to night! Clothes on, ID in hand...off I go.

He brings me to this place!!  I am not one for dive bars, nor partial to being disappointed.  Dives are necessary every once a while.  This place has the feel of a dive but has the crowd of a well established bar. 

Mixed feelings about this place. Curious how the weekends are?!

Almost out of my grog from my sleep, my buddies decide 3 tequila shots are due. Salt on, shot glasses in hand...off I go. 

The 'tender was a nice guy, seemed to like his job. Quick to the order and fast to the tab. Thank you!

 FINAL ThoughTs: Aside from the acres of room to sit, Tim's has what so many dives don't have, which is the personality of a reputable bar. A great place to go with friends after the daze of a treacherous weekend. 


NOTE: Avoid the patio after 12:30am. I have seen coke heads both times I have gone. Coincidence??  

R\_
I am the Duke of O'Connors pub, but I love Tim Finnegan's too.

I go there to drink, I come here to eat.  The hot wings are nothing short of awesome, I have them at least once a week.  Oh, and the Cod and Chorizo is awesome, It is my favorite fish dish in Phoenix.  Shepard's pie is made with lamb, like it should be!  Corned Beef and Cabbage is also really good, not as good as my Mom's but close.

The bartenders (usually Tommy and /or Jimmy) and wait staff take good care of their customers, especially their regulars.

When they have live music it is usually pretty good, but the week night people have been so so as of late.  Not my thing, but they do draw somewhat of a crowd.  Weekends are much better.  Come to see any of  the Irish Bands, or Carvin Jones.

Trivia on Tuesdays is awesome, it is run by Cedar the Duke of this place.
Look for Team Beef and Titties!
Great food...fresh beer and great service on a busy Saturday night!  The band was real good too!
Wife and I went to T. F. today at lunch intent on corned beef and cabbage (me) and fried fish (her).  Waiter told us we could have the all you can eat fish for only 6 dollars more than the regular fish.  We took the regular fish.  What she got was either a very small piece of fish or half of a regular sized one.  Was fried up in a salty bit of batter.  Came with good cole slaw but there was only about two teaspoons of it.  Also came with some overcooked, limp and greasy french fries.  All for $9.00!!
My corned beef was good.Small portion again but good.  The cabbage was so salty that it might have been cooked in brine.  Fortunately there was only about 2 tablespoons of it.  It also came with mashed potatoes which were good but again super small portions.  My meal was also $9.00.  Iced tea was $2.25 and Harp beer (small glass) was $5.00.  Not too bad.
Chef needs to learn how big a serving size is.  He can't tell the difference between regular serving sizes and children's sizes.
HINT:  every day they have a different special.  That special is the big, that is to say regular size, for only a few bucks more.  So order the special even if it sounds big 'cause it isn't.  You'll actually save money because after we paid over $30 bucks we still went over to near by Carvers because we were still hungry.
Very sorry I didn't have the same experience that some of my fellow Yelpers did.
I guess this is a beer drinking place and food comes secondary.
I really enjoyed it here. It was pretty chill for a Friday night but probably the best atmosphere of any Irish Bar I've been to in The Valley. The Garlic Fries KICK ASS!!!!. Holly did some great acoustic covers....will definitely be back
GREAT Irish pub! i went on a Friday during the live music performance. I can't remember the name of the band, but they were awesome! The lead singer/guitarist was way into the crowd and got everyone hyped. I only had a few drinks, but a Sailor Jerry was only $3.50 and was very strong! I like cheap strong drinks! Definitely a good time. Will have to go back and try the food.
Awesome food nice environment. The fish and chips here are to DIE for.
This place is one of my favorite local spots. The corned beef taquitos and the cod with chorizo are some of my favorite things on the menu.  They also have a large selection of hard to find Irish whiskeys and single malt scotch. My wife does not share my love of this place, as she likes wine and salad, neither of which are great here, but hey, its an Irish pub and I don't think I'd want to hang out at any that were known for wine and salad.
First time at Tim's was (supposed to be for) Happy Hour.  

There was actually nothing wrong with the faire at Tim's - the problem was the pricing.  

Our bill was $60.  We had four appetizers, three cocktails, and two sodas.  We had garlic fries (A+), sausage rolls (B-), baby back sliders (B) and chicken strips (A) that were all on the happy hour menus -- supposed to be half off during happy hour.  We also had 2 margaritas, a bourbon [house] and seven, and two cokes.  

Still trying to figure out how the math worked on that one, but since it was my birthday we weren't going to argue (we were just going to hurry out and go up the street to Black Angus, where six cocktails [4 margs and two bourbon and cokes) and three apps (nachos, tater skins and pretzel cheese sticks) were $30-something dollars.  

Though the food was good at Tim's - the items are too pricey for that neighborhood.  

Decor is very cute and clean - waitress was mostly attentive (only had to ask twice for a couple of items).  ALSO Big A+ because RUSH was playing on the muzac for what seemed an entire album side (good choice).
Good food, good drinks and good service. Best Irish bar in AZ.
Large menu, a little pricy for the quality of food.. Canned?.. Good beer selections, basic irish dishes.. Eeh .. Nothin special
I've been making trips to Tim Finnegans before I lived in Arizona.  On a past visit my friend brought me here.  It was a place me made trips to for the shepherds pie.  I had my first pie here and have now tried it many other places.  Tim Finnegans offers up the best and it's made with lamb (as opposed to beef in many places).  Always was it down with a pint of Strongbow or Magners.

It's a good bar for sports too.  There's always a soccer or football game on.  Man City swag is plentiful here.

Service is a bit slow from time to time but I can live with that.
Corned beef and cabbage taquitos...sounds crazy, so I had to try it...it was GREAT!  The $3 dollar Carlsberg big draft beers were also GREAT!  The bartender was GREAT as well!  If those 3 reasons aren't good enough to try out Tim Finnegans, then go because I said so :)
If it's lent or you're craving fish and chips then head over to TIm Finnegans for a black velvet pint and an order of AYCE fish fry for $13! that  can't be beat. Oh and it's good fish and chips, the sad part is that it's hefty so unless you're really just craving alot of fish, you'll only be able to handle one serving of fish and chips that it'll be too hard to stomach a second plate. The pub has character, and on Fridays usually later in the evening they have live music. Overall a good pub to hang out, have some fish and chips, drink some pints of black velvet (for me) and have a good time!
slow and i love shepherds pie but it sucks here and corn beef is dry and you pay alot for what you get stay away !
Always have a great time and stop in every time we are in Phoenix. I can only give it 4 stars because the too k Bass off tap a few yearss back, but still my favorite place to drink in AZ
Monday is Half price hamburgers. These Burgers are gourmet and only cost $5.00. It is a great deal!! You can get a pint of Carlsberg for $3.00 I love the Irish Pub music.
Great Irish pub in the desert!  The owner's an Irishman who moved here from the Bronx, and NY Irish are more Irish today than Dublin Irish.  

The food, both Irish and American cuisine, are great.  I love my Irish grub, but incredible burgers are there to be had!  Just the way you like them; not 165 degree in the middle hockey pucks you get most places.

Can't get there enough to please me and in football season, Tommy's Irish comes out and it's a NY Jet Fan's hangout, where new friends are made every week and old friendships revived and rejuvenated.

Give me Tim Finn's any day of the week!!!  HOME AGAIN IS THE FEELING!
I am taking a star away sadly :( 

We went in this past Monday. I order my usual, a Stella. I am told they no longer have that on tap and wasnt offered a bottle, so I am not sure if they carry it anymore.  :( This makes kiki a sad lady. 

We were starving so we started with an app. We waited over 20-30 minutes for our app to come out. The place wasnt busy at all and there were multiple waitresses. We actually had forgotten we ordered the app when it did finally come out. 

It took another 20 minutes for our order to come out. Not sure what was going on there. 

The food was just as fantastic as always!
I absolutely LOVE this place. They have such a wonderful staff of servers and bartenders. They are super personable and friendly. The drinks are stiff, and the food is great. 
My favorite is the Chicken and Red Pepper Flatbread, which is half priced on Wednesdays. But worth full price any day of the week... so try it!
great atomsphere, music, food, and beer.  Here watching the NCAA Hoops Tourney.  Bookmark this place!
Came in last Friday night, a little after 9 or so, to meet up with some friends in town from Denver. They were in for just the weekend and had suggested the place but I was definitely eager to check out a "new, to me" pub that's on my side of town. 

Upon entering, it seemed to have the right feel and charm to it. Plenty of beer mirrors and signage, decent whiskey selection, Carlsberg on tap, and that dimly lit pub feel. After greeting my friends and grabbing a stool at the bar it all kind of stopped there.  Once I flagged the bartender down, he flung a coaster at me and kind of gave me a blank stare.  I was fully prepared with my order but was kind of taken back by the "what the hell do you want" attitude on my first drink of the night. As far as I could tell, there were three others at the bar top when I sat down, with one just having tabbed out next to me. Ok, slow night but come on man, what's with the sour attitude. Got my drink, brushed it off, and continued on with socializing with my friends and enjoying the atmosphere, until another friend sat next to me at the bar top. He received the same treatment, a Frisbee toss of the coaster and a "what?" from the bartender. As he walked away to get my friend's drink, I explained how he did the same thing to me and it must be how they do it here. "Keep Going sure It's Grand"

What could have possibly be the savior for this place that night was the open mic gig playing in the far corner across from the bar. She belted out some Adele covers and green day song or two that sounded awesome!  Huge props to her for continuing to play with only a hand full of people in the bar on a Friday night. 
Once again trying to get service from one of the two bartenders talking in the corner with each other was like pulling teeth. After begging for another round, we decided our second drink was enough and we'd take off to another spot.  We had even offered to by the singer a drink because she sounded awesome, never got that one either. 

3 Stars because they had a live singer... 0 Stars for the service. 
However, because I think I would real like this place under different circumstances, I'd give it another try and hope for a different bartender.
When I am craving really awesome fish and chips, this is the place to go. Especially on fridays, where their fish and chips is all you can eat! Although, be warned that the fish and chips servings are huge so come super hungry lol. And Fridays, they have some live music adding to the awesome vibe of the place. It's an awesome cool place to have a drink and get my fish and chippies on :)
Went to Tim Finnegan's for happy hour tonight. Service was EXCELLENT, was served a Carlsberg and wings within 5 minutes of being seated. Food was well above average pub grub (I've been to their brother pub in Scottsdale, the Skeptical Chemyst and knew what to expect). Great appetizers (Wings, PEI mussels, short rib sliders, crab cakes and a whole bunch of great flat breads) that are half price daily from 4-7 pm! Great selection of imported beers on tap and in bottles, as well as whiskeys. Good pation and good sports viewing throughout. I'd give it a "5" but I'm a tough grader, lets call it 4 1/2 and if they continue to impress, we'll see!
I really like this place but have not been since the new menu took effect.  $3 Carlings are always awesome and love the daily half price happy hour.
.....

Ok, so it has been months since I wrote my review and I am finally getting around to updating this.  The new menu is great!  Fish & chips are hands down my favorite in the valley.  $5 burger Mondays are awesome and oh so overfilling!  The only item on the menu that I still can't get behind 100% are the corned beef taquitos.  They taste great I just don't like the sauce.  Then again, many of my friends love them and the sauce so it is probably just me.  Always a good time at Tim Finn's!  Restaurant is clean, staff is friendly and the owner is attentive.  Love it!
I had the chicken wings which were, eh.  The corned beef and cabbage taquitos were disgusting.  They tasted like refried bean taquitos, and the filling looked like refried beans.  The fish tacos are wonderful, though. It's all about the Pub here! Five stars for the bar! Great whiskey and scotch selection. I mean they have The Balvenie 15 year! 

The decor: warm pub atmosphere
First time that I had Shepherd's Pie. It was good and filling. They told me that real shepherd's pie is made with ground lamb; that's how they make it here. It went well with a pint of Guinness. I will definitely come back and try the corned beef and cabbage. 

Bartender was cool, service was great, food was good, and beer was cold. I'm a fan.
Very good. The draft cider was great, as well as the Thursday special (a 5 oz. flat iron steak). Our server, Cheryl was very nice and helpful. The fish an chips were average, but the garlic chips were pleasantly good. Overall happy with the experience, I guess I need to learn the enjoy Irish food more!. We will be back again for sure.
I'm in love.  This place was amazing, and I wish I lived in Phoenix so I could come here more often.  I was here on a Monday night with some friends, and Monday just happens to be $5 burger night.  And these are some amazing burgers...good enough to pay full price, but what a steal at $5 a piece.  We all had the burger with the onion-bacon marmalade and garlic aioli.  I have no idea what onion-bacon marmalade is or how one goes about making it, but it was one of the best toppings I've ever had on a burger.  The beef was very flavorful and while I ordered my burger medium, it was slightly overcooked, but still good.  Brioche buns topped them off, and they were very tasty as well.  The fries were nice and crispy, and a perfect compliment to the burgers.  Nice selection of beers on tap and in bottles, and a few specialty drinks in addition to the full bar.  There were also a few musicians taking turns performing, and they were very nice to listen to.  Not sure if this a regular Monday occurance or not, but I enjoyed the music.  It wasn't too loud either...we still have conversations without shouting while the artists were performing.  Great pub!
Great place!! we will be back, order the Flat Iron steak over the prime rib! 
Next time I will have the Shepherd's Pie.
Great Jets bar during NFL season, really want to try their burgers.. Drool over seeing them, which they're $5 on Monday nights..

Just really wish they would get their mobile menus and prices updated/synced with.their actual menus and prices - specials and prices listed on their mobile site are 2 different worlds altogether..
Update as of 12/29/12:
Owner let me know the mobile menu/prices are getting updated soon, so that should help folks out.. Never know when you might get a spur of the moment to head out there, but don't know the menu by heart..

Might have to head over for a $5 burger before flying out of state in a couple weeks.. =D
A friend had a Groupon for this place and asked if I'd like to go with.  I hadn't been here before and, always willing to try a new place, I said sure.
I'm being a little generous with the stars as I don't think I'd return to Finnegans, but this isn't really my type of place. It's definitely more bar than restaurant and I suppose it's just fine for drinkin'.  The big turn-off was our choice of seats, straight line to the smoking patio so the stench of stale cigarettes wafted by every few minutes.  Not their fault but still not very pleasing.
The food was decent, but again nothing I'd really run back for.  The fish and chips came with one gigantic piece of cod which was different and the mussels were also a little different-almost like mussel noodle soup.
LOVED the food!  We finished dinner as the live music was starting.  Next time we will come later to enjoy!  My husband had the all-you-can-eat fish.  It was very tasty and the fish was cooked perfect.  Nice big pieces of cod that were firm and NOT mushy.  I had the lamb shepherds pie.  It was FAB!  We also got a FREE order of Chicken wings to take home, just for doing a Yelp check-in.  We ate those later that night and they were GREAT!  Can't wait for our next visit!  Oh, and don't forget the on-tap Guinness...Yummmm!
We met some long lost friends here last night.  Fast and efficient service.  The only issue was that music was to start at 9:00pm...we left at 10:30 and the music still had not begun.  At least we were able to chat with our friends but we were a bit disappointed as the sound check sounded great.  The fish sliders were super!  Potatoes skins needed salt.  I'd certainly go back.
Relative to its location, this bar is a little gem. It's tough to find non-chain anything in Phoenix, let alone something with good food, but this place serves some sort of Irish bread (soda bread?), made in-house, with a very dense consistency and delicious flavor. 

There's an authentic-ish looking wooden bar area, live music (when I visited on a Monday night at least), bartenders were social enough, and they had some decent drink prices as well. Horribly weak first drink unfortunately, but not enough to keep me from coming back two nights later while I was still in town for work.

Check it out!
Been here 2 times in the past 60 days, and I am here to tell you that there's a lot to like about Tim Fiinnegan's;

1. Nicely decorated Irish-style pub/restaurant.  For the Metrocenter area, this is 5-star.
2. Friendly, competent, smiling staff.
3. Kid/family friendly (ok, during happy hour and early dining hours, admittedly)
4. Very reasonable prices
5. GREAT Happy Hour prices
6. Solid, if not spectacular, food; very good portions

Need I say more?  Go to Tim's, a good, honest restaurant providing value in an otherwise underwhelming neighborhood.
Foodies: get over there for the Monday night burger special and wash it down with $3 Carlsberg's every day. On second thought, keep your distance - I love this place and want to keep it for myself! If you're a fan of spectacular, fresh, authentic Irish fare, have a strong liver, and want a cozy, inviting place to relax, come buy me a beer. At $3, you can afford it!
Tim's has become our local.  We really, really like the food here.  I've had corned beef and cabbage at one other Irish bar in town, and it didn't even belong in the same category.  Tim's corned beef is flavorful and lean, and what the cook does with Irish bacon in his cabbage makes my toes curl with delight: I've never had better.  I could eat the Shepherd's Pie every day; husband loves the Garlic Chicken and gets extra Irish bread.  The Irish breakfast is good, the fish on AYCE Friday nights is fresh, fabulously lightly breaded and they'll make up cocktail sauce to order.  An earlier reviewer didn't like the corned beef taquitos and I agree - when I first had them I thought they were not good at all; I had some last Tuesday night (Pub Trivia night) and they were delish.  So are their fish tacos on Taco Tuesday.  Really, there is nothing they serve we haven't liked. I don't like bar food; I love Tim Finnegan's food.

The bartenders and servers are great; the bar has a wide selection of Irish and Scotch whiskey/whisky.  There are specials every night but Saturday, and happy hour all day Sunday.  It's a great place to gather with friends for good food and drink.

cad mle filte
I have stayed in Phoenix only six nights in my life, but all six of those nights I got wasted at Tim Finnegan's.  A+ would recommend.
I am a fan because this place is right around the corner from my place... sooooo that is fantastic.
The food is alright, nothing exciting
Lots of good beer on tap, and some really awful beer on tap.
Check it out!
I like it. :)
I love this bar. Yes, I stole that from a Toby Keith song, but Tim Finnegan's is a great place for good food, good drink, and good times! The food is tastier than most bar food, at least to me. Their prices are amazing, and they pour a perfect Jameson and Diet. You gotta check this place out!
Loved it....especially the Bailey's Bread Pudding, a must have!
One of the only places in the Valley where an Irish breakfast can be had.

Went to this homely establishment this afternoon (Saturday) for lunch with my father and it was pretty empty, not too surprising for the area and the time of day but quite frankly, that appealed to me.

The waitress was very friendly and prompt in making sure to take our drink order.  Given the number of other patrons (maybe 5, two of which were sitting at the bar) it took a bit longer than I would have thought for her to come back, but as my dad and I were in no hurry and the game was on the TV.  She was very good about giving my dad information regarding menu items and portion sizes.

I ordered the Irish breakfast with a Jameson and ginger and my dad ordered the dinner portion fish and chips.  The breakfast came with eggs, brown bread, beans, sausage, and grilled tomato.  Everything was amazing, generous portions and tasty.

The fish and chips was a slab of cod and a heap of fries and cole slaw.  The fish was pretty good and the few fries I managed to steal were great.  My dad raved about it and he's pretty particular about fish.

Great pour on the Jameson and Ginger from the bar.  I'm curious if there was any ginger in it at all... but I'm not one to complain :)

We both were members of the clean plate club and very satisfied.  I'll definitely be back again soon!
Having never been o an Irish pub before, I was pleasantly surprised with the wide selection of food options that they had here. The place was dimly lit and gave it that dungeony type feel, which I have found out is a trait of pubs. 

The Guinness was poured as a proper one should be and they give you a free appetizer if you check in on Yelp.

 Would recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to grab a bite to eat or an after work drink. 

The location leaves something to be desired, but this is a hidden gem of a place. 

The wait staff were super nice and my particular server was a lovely tattooed brunette. I don't recall her name, but she did an excellent job serving me and my party while we were on vacation. 

The food came out quickly, hot, and freshly made. Next time I am in the Phoenix area, I will try an stop by here and enjoy a pint!
Great wings!!! When we walked in I thought I might have made a mistake because nobody was there. It turned out to be because we were so early (11:10am). Josh turned out to be a very good waiter. He made recommendations and was attentive and when he said he really likes the wings, he was right - really good. I also had the Shepard's pie that was well done, potatoes creamy and content not overcooked.

Atmosphere was dark like every Irish place I have been in. Big bar fully stocked. And as it got to be lunch time the place filled up.

Not cheap lunch but reasonably priced and they have regular specials.
I like this place.

I came here a little while back on a Sunday afternoon to hang out with my brother.  There weren't too many people in there so it was nice and relaxing.  The bartender (who looked a little like Bradley Cooper) was friendly and attentive and gave us excellent service.

We tried a couple of apps while we were there.  The garlic fries were pretty good but the corned beef taquitos were lacking.  They weren't what I expected and were kind of bland.

Other than that, this place is a cool spot to chill at.  They have some pretty decent specials throughout the week.  Check them out!
Ever since I went to Tim F's I can't stop talking about this place, it's just so awesome!! I went before noon for the lunch special, unreal 3$ beer and 5$ lunch mon-thurs. best turkey sandwich ever!! I can't wait to go back!!
The only bar for Jets Fans in Arizona! They have the NFL Sunday Ticket, plus they're the official home for team USA Soccer. They always have amazing happy hour, specials, and great deals. 

The lamb skewers are so flavorful, and as I'm writing this review I'm eating their $9 Corned Beef & Cabbage dinner which is one of the best I've ever had! Traditional Irish Bar owned by a cool guy named Tommy. Definitely a regular here and i encourage checking it out sometime.
I stopped in for a pint (or more) and ended up ordering the wings...and devouring them. Absolutely delicious, and the blue cheese is made fresh in house.
 Jim, the genuine Irish bartender, provided excellent service and conversation. 
One of my favorite watering holes!!
Had a Reuben. Not a Reuben. Cole slaw instead of sauerkraut. Very little thousand island dressing. Marble bread, not a strong rye flavor. Corned beef was bland too. Very, very, bland. I'm from Omaha, NE., born and raised, where the Reuben was invented. I'm also Irish. This is more of what's called a Rachel Reuben, except it sticks with the slightly corned beef instead of pastrami or turkey. A Reuben should have a sour and tang, stink a bit. Disappointed. Why they ruined such a beautiful creation is beyond me.
Hubby and I are regulars here. Love going there for happy hour or on mondays for burger day and happy hour.
They have the best Turkey burger I have ever had and if you are interested, you can substitute the fries for a side salad. They told me the turkey burgers are made super fresh in the house and you can definitely taste it.
I have now tried almost all of their appetizers and they are all pretty good, too.
The bartenders are all very nice and make you feel welcome and comfortable. 
Happy hour, great food and service, live music on weekend nights and close to my house=couldn't get any better.
Its my home away from home. Love the bartenders and all the other regulars. Last nights open bar/costume party was awesome!
Nice place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks but food isn't that good and the wait staff are indifferent.
Delicious food & Carlsberg on draft. My mouth is watering at the thought. Scrumptious! :)
Went with a group because it was close to hotel. The service was good to start it took at least an 45 minutes to get food. When food came it was cold. Looked good but frys were cold and sandwhich were all cold. Would not go back considering the place was not busy. Very disappointing.
Regardless if you DO or DO NOT like Irish food, I command you to eat here if you are in Phoenix. You will regret every minute should you disobey this order.
Great Pub atmosphere... $5 Burgers on Monday....Happy hour great deals and Owner present quite a bit-- Love the potato skins!!
To my knowledge, this is the only reason to step within 500 meters of Metro Center. It's got nightly specials on food and drink...and even if you're not going for happy hour, the $10 burgers are much better than I'd expect from a dimly-lit dive. It's better than you'll find in a lot of sit down restaurants! 

The beer selection is legit, with staples like Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA, Magners, and of course Guinness on tap. Makes me a happy camper. 

Only issues are that it never seems to get crazy, and that it's a (yuck) Jets bar.
I have only been here a few times but my boyfriend loves this place and has been going here for years. The atmosphere is great, employees are friendly and actually take the time to get to know the customers and everything I've had has been excellent. Once thing I find I should mention is the foam of the beer sticks to the side of the glass. Now since I do not drink a "Black Velvet" the importance is little to me however, during each visit I am reminded that if the foam sticks to the glass that means it was cleaned properly! So, anyone who wishes to try one or drinks foaming beers there's a tip for you ! Also, just like the glasses the whole place is clean and kept up to par. Definitely don't ever mind going here for a couple hours.
THIS is how you make a hamburger.  Their burgers are such perfection that we have yet to order much else.  I love that you can substitute a salad for the fries (It's like $1 extra, but it's a nice salad with baby greens, roasted red peppers... a nice little, light compliment to a helluva burger).  The burger will make you cry.  It's perfect.  They've got the grill set at the perfect temperature so it has that nice flavorful crust that seals in the juice and flavor.  The bun is perfect... brioche, grilled.  The toppings are quality.  They just do it right.  Caramelized onions.  Roasted red peppers.  Garlic aioli.  Just good stuff.
Although the presentation was sorta big-city-ish, I made a happy plate out of the corned beef and cabbage. Damn good stuff.  The house brew was tasty too. Next time shepherds pie!
Kim and i say thanks to Harrison for his twig and berries drink and his velvet hammer drink. Come check this place out!!! Great good, great drinks, great service!!!!!
Need a divey Irish pub with good grub? Done! Don't let the four stars fool ya, this place isn't fancy or a gastro-pub catering to hipsters... This is a dark, loyal locals bar with everything you'd expect in an Irish pub... Friendly service, traditional dishes (and the American standards too) wooden bar, tables and chairs, trivia, live music and DAY DRINKERS. The only thing it has going against it is its location (Metro Center)... But after an 8oz portion of delicious Fish n Chips (all you can eat on Fridays) Jameson and a Guinness, you wont care about that anymore... See ya next Friday :)
Liked everything about this place, French fries are freshly cut and worth the trip
Great pub where the food is not at all an afterthought. On the first visit, we took advantage of the check-in deal and got the mussels with the shepherd's pie and fish and chips. All were outstanding. The bartender also offered some sauce that complemented the shepherd's pie which was a thoughtful gesture. The thing I loved about the pie was that it wasn't covered in cheese and that everything was well balanced. My husband got the fish and chips and gave me a bite but wasn't all that open to sharing, so I'll have to order my own next time. 

The second time we went we took advantage of the happy hour special and got a bunch of apps including the mussels again, crab cakes, wings, and cod sliders. I really enjoyed the cod sliders. The bread was light and crunchy, the cole slaw topping was fresh and the fish was perfectly battered. Such a great combo. The crab cakes were really fresh and the wasabi sauce was a nice compliment. The wings were good- as you'd expect for pub fare. The mussels again were yummy with the spicy broth perfect to dip the homemade bread in. We found out they'll sell the bread by the loaf, so I'll have to do that for a special occasion.
When I came across this place I was like hhmmnn Irish pub beer, food, and a brawl? 1st Impression Pretty plain looking from the outside, nice and clean they have a smokers patio as well. Before you step inside you can hear the live music playing. Step in and to my surprise its more of a family sit down restaurant that a drunken pub. Self seating the server came over right away and was quite pleasant. 
      The menu has a list of foods that from what I know to be "Irish" foods some that are not but have an "Irish" twist. Me and my date agree to 2 different appetizers, the Artichoke and spinach dip with pub made pita chips. The second was something that less traditional the Corned beef and cabbage "taquitos" The dip didn't stand a chance we destroyed it! The taquitos however were not at all what I expected. I was expecting the corned beef to be in a more "solid" state however it seemed more as if it was minced with the cabbage Strange texture and not very flavorful The green sauce was fairly tasty and my lovely date enjoyed the horseradish/ sour cream topping.
       Moving on the the entrees I chose the Real lamb shepherds pie, and my date selected the Icelandic Cod. The Pie seems like a small portion until I began eating, the serving container is very deep and half way though my meal is was wondering how so much food could be hiding in there. It had a very familiar flavor that I still cant place my finger on. It was very fulfilling I enjoyed it and would order it again. My dates Cod looked and smelled amazing! She said the seasoned mashed potatoes were very tasty and so was the fish was really fresh and cooked just right, and could easily be a go to dish after trying out some more of the menu. To top of our dinning we gave the Irish bread pudding a try. It was a more solid bread pudding not all mushy, not over soaked. It does have some Baily's Irish cream liquor. in it the last bite I found a shot of it lol
      Over we were both very pleased with our experience and look forward to going again soon to try some thing else. However the future with not include a re-up on the taquitos =P
This is a perfect Irish pub - spacious but cozy, lovely with a hint of divey, great selection of beers, great service, live music, and excellent fish and chips.  

St. Patty's Day is coming up fast (and on that day, this place is mobbed - which might be fun!), so if you're feeling Irish, this is one of the few places in AZ that makes my little East Coast drinkin' heart feel at home!  Check out the live music on a Friday nights (there's a calendar with artists online).  

The only possible downside is the location - but that makes it all the better, if you're in the area!
Very good food and saw a great selection of beers. Servers were attentive. Inside could use a bit of a facelift but all in all a very good place.
Will come again
Awesome! Really! What a great surprise. Many years ago, we came here with friends. I remember it being good, but we just never made it back. The Metro Center mall, and the shopping area where this pub is located, has really gone downhill and there are a lot of empty storefronts. But the pub has remained, and after having another meal, I can see why.

The food was so incredibly good! All of the entrees were beautifully presented. The seared cod was perfect - in fact, "the best cod I've ever had!!" was the comment. It came atop mashed potatoes which were described as "absolutely delicious" (and this from a mashed potato aficionado!) The shepherd's pie was traditional (lamb not ground beef!) and so tasty - yum, yum! The corned beef was cooked perfectly and very lean, served with tasty mash.

We didn't get a starter because we knew one of the decadent sounding desserts was in our future. And the Bailey's bread pudding - ahhhh, melt in your mouth awesome. 

Our server was friendly, good sense of humor and checked back with us frequently to make sure we were happy.

Awesome pub with food as good as any you'll find in a gourmet restaurant.
Great Irish bar!  The beer selection includes a lot of Irish/Brittish staples (Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's) but domestics and microbrews as well.  Great, darker lit atmosphere.   The outside feels super sketchy, but it didn't necessarily seem unsafe to me.  More just run down.   Inside was clean and a fun place to hang out.  The appetizers were pretty good too.  The chicken tenders I got were big and freshly fried.  The garlic fries and spinach dip were good, too.
Great place, nice atmosphere.  Very much like many of the pubs I have been to in Ireland.  The burgers are delicious, and at $5 on Monday, can't be beat.  Staff is friendly and they do pour the perfect pint of Guinness.

Another reviewer, Mary O. claims to have overheard the owner saying the anniversary raffle for the Ireland trip was rigged and gave the trip to his "best friend".  That is really interesting.  Since the winner is my husband, I was very surprised to learn he was best friends with owner.  So was my husband.  

We live nearby and go to Finnegan's multiple times a week.  During the month prior to the drawing we filled out an entry slip every time we went in.  We did NOT buy a raffle ticket.  If Mary Ol bought a raffle ticket, it wasn't for the drawing for the trip.
The one positive is that our waiter was great and very attentive. When we went outside he would come find us and give refills or whatever we needed. My friend ordered rum and cokes and they were so weak she had to send it back...twice. I did not like the corned beef and cabbage. The corned beef looked processed to me. The live music was so loud we had to find a corner somewhere that would not blow my ear drums out. I was not impressed with this place.
I am sitting in Tim Finnegan's on a Saturday afternoon, having finished a tasty late lunch while waiting for my husband to finish playing golf. The decor of this place is classic local pub, and I've patronized many in the U.K. and other places in the world with which to compare it. The bartender was friendly, helping me choose from the menu a light meal that was delicious. I had the Chicken Wrap, and was able to substitute a cup of soup instead of fries. The IPA that was on tap, Dogfish Head, had just enough bitterness to keep this hop-head happy.
This is definitely one of my top 5 favorite spots in Phoenix. It has a dark, pub-style feel throughout; but very clean and cozy atmosphere. A majority of the time, you can seat yourself wherever you like. The staff is friendly, fast, and helpful without being overbearing or annoying. 
 I've visited 5+ times and never had a bad experience. During happy hour, appetizers are half price. You can easily get full for $10. The corned beef and cabbage dinner is excellent, as are the appetizers of crab cakes and garlic aoili fries. 
All in all, I thoroughly enjoy this place and highly recommend it!
Was here on a Thursday night and there was live music! Bonus since that's usually reserved for Friday-Sunday at most places. 

My favorite Irish pub was the Johnny Fox's Public House, but it has since closed. :( So I began looking for a similar spot, although in no way does Tim Finnegan's come close in interior presentation as well as food, they do have a nice specialty drink selection and the staff is just as nice. 

The place is quaint with indoor as well as outdoor seating. The staff was not very attentive but were very friendly. I ordered the Irish Mudslide which was a delicious specialty drink and the small Shepherd's Pie. 

The lighting was relatively dark which makes it prefect for a casual date or a nice chill night out with friends. 

I would recommend this place, just remember to be assertive when you need something from the staff.
Great craft beer selection..crabcakes are very yummy and loaded with crab...the wasabi aoli is a nice accompaniment. ..definately has that Irish Pub feel!!
Nice casual Irish pub with awesome food. Thursday nights they have this 2 man band that's I have seen at other spots in the Phoenix area and them alone is worth the trip here. The outside before u walk in looks a little sketchy but once u walk in the doors, you feel like ur in an Irish pub.
I had the best night out here last night.  We were welcomed with live music.  A man named AJ was playing with a friend and it was really good! The two of them played a great mix of music, from R&B to alternative rock. It wasn't overwhelming, like bar bands can be.  The waitress says AJ has played there for a while.

We ordered our beers and an appetizer- the garlic chips.  They were yummy seasoned fries with an excellent garlic aioli.  The garlic aioli was like a creamier version of the garlic sauce you get with your pita at a good Arabic restaurant. I I couldn't get enough of it.  My boyfriend kept telling me to slow down, but he was stealing big globs of the stuff in his fries (that thief!). 

For dinner, I had the Bacon Onion Jalapeo flatbread and a side of coleslaw.  The flatbread was great! The coleslaw wasn't super flavorful, but it was fresh and cooled my mouth down perfectly after consuming all those jalapeos.  

I highly recommend this place.
This review is from my previous visits- and going to another venue just to see JDV lit the fire under my ass to elaborate on my 'tip' from 4 months ago. After tearing Tommy a new one over the phone for allowing JDV to play in WestGate when he clearly does not belong there...lol, yeah, I tore him a new one...AS IF!!  
I wrote a freaking dissertation describing the horrible experience I had Saturday night & added to it Sunday morning...pretty severe and I'm surprised it is still a 'recommended review'!!! (Figured it'd be deleted).
Back to the task at hand. It's difficult to describe the TF's experience in regard to quality - BECAUSE my standards are ridiculously high- so what can you say when each time you visit, they exceed expectations. I'm dying to try the yummy food- but I go alone - so between worrying I'll overindulge and then the potential for needing a nap afterward....I live vicariously by checking out all the dishes & asking about them to customers(I am a self proclaimed pest. Yep.).
All I can say is: check it out. Plus if you yelp check in you get a free appetizer too. What's to lose?? (Also, the dudes behind the bar are pretty swank...nice eye candy and really nice--at the tables I'm pretty sure it's all female wait staff, no biggie but makes me happy that there's always a place for me at the bar)!!
Great shepherd's pie, good service and authentic atmosphere. The fires are good, too. And do I have to say anything about the beer selection on tap? Happy girl!
I love this place. We typically think of places that serve beer as being a club or bar only suited for late night drinking but this place is a classic pub. It's the kind of place you can just come in and relax any time of day.  The food is very good and they have a great selection of beer on tap but the atmosphere for me is what makes it a 5/5.
This is our favorite hang out! Usually bar food isn't the greatest tasting but I would go here just for the food. It is amazing! Try the garlic fries, they are to die for! They usually have live music playing which makes for good entertainment.
OMG! Get the bread pudding!  Its AMAZING!!!!!  Also got the corned beef, wasn't the best I've ever had.  But the one man band is really good, reminiscent of Jack Johnson.  Our server Roxanne was really sweet too.
This was my first time eating here and I will definitely be a repeat customer! 

I ordered the turkey burger which is something I never get, it was good. Got the bread pudding for desert, it was good.

Our server, Roxann was on top of it and provided great service!
Best Irish fare in Phoenix !

The only REAL Shepherd's Pie in Phoenix made with lamb, not ground beef, which is the most savory pie I have ever had.  It has ruined me for all all others.  Throw in a pint of Magner's Cider and don't forget the bread pudding!

The food alone is worth the trip here!
Great food, great atmosphere, great service.

No better place in the area.
A fantastic addition to Edinburgh bar and club scene. The Voodoo rooms tries to do something a little different by also adding a restaurant into the equation. If only it didn't close at 1am you could probably have your entire night out in the one place.


 Situated above the Cafe Royal the very well stocked bar makes great use of its period features with black walls and gold cornices and a DJ in the corner plays tunes that add to ambience without forcing you to raise your voice to have a conversation.


 The huge selection of spirits indicates that mixed drinks are a speciality here and I've never been dissapointed yet. 
It make a pleasant change to be able to order a spirit without having it poured into an inappropriately sized glass and drowned in whatever mixer is chosen.


 Whilst entry to the bar is free of charge the DJs and live acts perform in the ballroom for an additional fee. The room boasts a good souns system and a decent sized dancefloor. Get in early if you want to bag a table though!
Great bar and cocktails, but very poor service in the restaurant (The Devil's Kitchen). One meal, a steak, was even served cold! Unattentive staff too. Pity, as it's a gorgeous setting. Haven't been in the club part yet.
Having enjoyed a number of drinking nights here since it was made over the opportunity arose at the weekend to check out the re-vamped food menu.


 Arriving around 13:00 I was pretty surprised to find that my companion and I were the only customers. Possibly people only see it as a good place for a night out (which it is) but given the attentive service, interesting choice of background music (jazz, soul, funk and the theme from The Good, The Bad & The Ugly) I'd suggest thaat those who already like it in the late hours should arrive earlier to fully appreciate all it has to offer.


 The food itself was good. Whilst the 2 for 1 offer on the Full Scottish Breakfast couldn't be taken advantage of due to a wish to keep it light I would expect it's worth a return visit. The chicken, avocado and brie ciabatta was pronounced a success and a dangerous inhibitor of movement whilst my piri-piri tiger prawns were well presented and suitably spicy.


 Stopped in here on April 1st as fancied comparing their bottle of booze at your table efforts. We were initially quoted 84 for a bottle of 42 Below vodka but that reduced to 75 when it turned out they'd no Belvedere available which seems to be the standard on offer. Mixers were by the carafe from the gun (or the can when we changed to Irn Bru later on) and unlimited as you'd expect. Given the amount of work the staff are saved by you doing all your own pouring and mixing the price is rather steep at 10 more than Monteith's but otherwise there's little to choose between the two.
Voodoo Rooms sounds like it's going to be dark and mysterious, and it is in a way. The decor is impressive and really sets the tone of the bar.

I have attended a couple of events here, organised by students for charity. Both were enjoyable and made good use of the venue, which shows the versatility of the bar. There was food available which was actually pretty good considering it was pub food. The only down side is the drinks are rather expensive so if you are here for the night it's going to be an expensive one. I attended a gig here and it was very small and intimate, the style of the bar really added an extra dimension to the atmosphere too.

Voodoo Rooms does cool and stylish in a non pretentious way which is a welcome change from the trendy bars on nearby George Street.
People are always harping on about the Voodoo Rooms and, truth be told, it's a rather stylish place to have a tipple. The main bar is ornately decorated, but unfortunately usually full of people pretending they're in Sex and The City (this is not my scene, but I know that a lot of people get off on this, so by all means, head on down - Carrie and the gang will be along in 5). The other room, I shall refer to it as the function room (this makes it sound a bit like a miner's social club circa 1976), is almost gothic in its dcor, i.e. black and moody with chandeliers. I've attended a few uni  do's here and it is an ideal space for those sorts of shindigs; there are tables around the edge of the room, a good sized dance floor in the middle and a stage at one end. To sum up, I wouldn't come here for drinks, but I will put it on my list of possible wedding reception venues.
Voodoo Rooms, a very cool name for a quite swish bar. 

I came here for the Son of Dave gig last year and I was impressed. Set on a rather dingy side street in New Town you walk up some stairs and enter the rather fancy bar. The bartenders know their art, and despite the slightly pricey drinks (you are in New Town now) it's good quality drinks. The comfy booths make it great for company and privacy as well.

On with the music venue. We walked in and there's a massive disco ball in the middle (tick) and fairy lights all over the walls (double tick).
However, this was a dumb venue for this gig. The stage (if you can call it that) is literally a step up from the floor. Son of Dave beatboxes and messes about the stage a lot, meaning only the three front rows of standing people can see what's going on. If you are in the back good luck with that. Also, the musicians have to walk through the crowd to get to the stage. Double awkward if they are trying to squeeze through a packed room.

The thing that did make a difference though compared to other gigs , is that at the end there were no harsh lights switched on and angry security guards yelling at us to get out. It was a lot more civilised, and we weren't rushed out of the room for the next event to start. 

I will be coming back here in the near future (hopefully) and maybe my impression of it as a music venue changes. In the mean time, check out the bar, it's a great place to start your night in New Town.
I absolutely love the ornate detail and decor and vintage looking chic going on at Voodoo Rooms. The ceiling is certainly something to behold from underneath cocktail infused eyes, with its regal gold and black trim. This place is going for a look of opulence and cocktail class mixed up with a bit of edge, and I like it.

There are four main sections of Voodoo Rooms, the long, sleek main bar with its padded booth seating, and an awesome vintage looking restaurant section. There's also the Speakeasy and the Ballroom Bar, which can both be hired for private functions, and are a really brilliant call for such extravaganzas. I've been to a few private parties in the Speakeasy, and it really works, as it's not too big, but you've got enough room to fit a decent amount of people in it. The food is decent, the cocktail menu is even better, and the people that come here generally look brilliant, so it's a bit of a visual style treat I usually find, and I love a bit of fashion peeping. This is somewhere a bit different to come in the New Town, and as well as having live bands in and cabaret performances, it also hosts the well established and loved Vegas nights, which you have to hit up if you're in town for a while.
The Voodoo Rooms look like they should be in 1930s New York.

We're talking sleek, black leather booths, ornate decor, separate rooms partitioned off by moss green velvet curtains, bay windows and a massive bar. They have so much booze it should be illegal. Absinthe is on the menu, and their rum selection looks like it's been sold to them by pirates.

Very, very fancy, I can see why this is the venue of choice for Burlesque nights. It is however relaxed during the day, and you can roll in looking like shit since no one bats an eyelid. But the occasion would call for a fancy cocktail dress and a boyfriend with slicked back hair and a waistcoat on. It's simply delightful.
Between Liverpool and Edinburgh, it's nigh on impossible for any other city to compete in the Beautiful Bar pageants. There you guys are, with your Grade II listed high-ceilinged ornately decorated cavernous spaces of beauty, proudly tottering onto the stage draped in their sashes chirping away about world peace and their favourite ice cream flavours. Well, if you're going to go strutting around to be judged, I'm here to judge you, pretties. And I've got to look beyond the good-looking surface to see if you really are beauty queens of substance.

Voodoo Rooms. Sexy name for sure, good start. Lots of black leather, big windows, swishy curtains, it's got a sleek sensual vibe but just the right amount of quirk to save it from any pretentiousness. Me likey. It's very comfortable and the staff, as well as the clientele, are friendly. In fact the customers here are a very mixed group, so no one's likely to feel out of place,and everyone we encountered there was very pleasant, from the kind souls who let us share their tables, to those we were kind souls to when we had one to ourselves and gave up a few seats. Hmm. It's interesting how honest complete strangers will be to you if you've all shared a few drinks. Procreation, I have to say, that's a new one - never been advised to do that over a few vodkas at a bar.

So far so good! Nice tunes, great vibe, shiny happy people holding hands, even the trips to the loos were excellent as for once going through a long narrow bar on a Saturday night didn't feel like running a gauntlet of lechery. Plus the ladies' room itself was actually very well-kept. Always a plus. So where's that fifth star? Well, the cocktails are extremely interesting, and they might be a bit *too* interesting for some. Myself and Chris are two people at opposite ends of the cocktail spectrum. I go for the sharp, tangy tongue-stripper types as you probably know by now. He's more a sweet soul. We spotted what looked like the perfect cocktails for ourselves (mine was from the 'gentleman's favourites' section of the menu, what does that tell you) and while I was quite chuffed with my rum concoction, I have to say the promise of chocolate in his wasn't quite what he expected.

"I told you," I kept repeating. "Prosecco. PROSECCO. There was no way it was going to resemble a milkshake."

Nope, it was an eclectic mix incorporating muddled grapes, fizz and a stick of criminally dark chocolate. Not for the... I won't say faint of heart, the sweet of tooth perchance? Still, this is our fault more than Voodoo's, but the drinks menu is a little complex and requires a good half-hour study. I personally love doing that, but it might not be to the taste of all punters.

All-round awesomeness anyway. That Voodoo's cast a spell on me!
Well this is really my sort of place. Lavish, lush interiors, the bar a-plenty with different spirits, a tasty bar-food menu, and did I mention the lavish lush interiors?

I came here with the delightful Chris M, Kay L, Catriona C and her man for the Oxfam Charity Quiz. We were situated in the Ballroom, which is pretty small for a ballroom but suited the event well. The main bar is just so impressive. I mean, really, stunning decoration and interior. I can see myself coming here a lot just to bask in it.

Leaving out the quiz itself, I had a very lovely experience here. The chips I ordered were just that little bit different - seasoned with rosemary. Chips are chips I hear you say, but chips ordered in a pub can be soggy, over burnt, fries or chunky. These were just right, the rosemary worked a treat (I ate them all oops).

I think I'll need to come back here for a longer night, involving more of the spirits behind the bar, and perhaps the bar food itself. It definitely wow'd me though. I mean, wow.
The voodoo who-do like you don't dare to people.

I dunno, I might have the words wrong there, but I always think it when I think of Voodoo Rooms. Fortunately the tune is harder to get stuck in your head. But I definitely like VR. The furnishings are classy and the bartenders are smooth in their delivery of your cocktail of choice. I've always visited at awkward times - like after a Fringe matinee (as they hosted a venue last year), or part of a lazy afternoon drinking session, so I have never had the experience of a crowded bar. It feels like my kinda place. 

As with the Fringe venue, it seems that VR hosts a variety of events - including a disastrous quiz that accompanied my last visit (thank goodness it was for charity as no one else benefited from that mess!). It also provides the opportunity to check out some Burlesque in this city - absolutely - just show me the way and shame on me for not already attending!
Now that I've revisited I can say its a firm 4 stars from me. As I said in my previous review, it has such a luxurious and decadent twist to the interior and decoration (that is well-maintained, something too often over looked) I was already taken bit.

I stopped in on a Friday evening around 8.30pm waiting to meeting a larger group of people. We managed to get a table and order some food and cocktails.

Downside - they don't have southern comfort. What the what?! In a panic I quickly looked at the cocktail menu, but it would take a good five minutes to decipher it. I like fun, quirky things like this but there was no quick and easy way to read the cocktail menu. So I asked 'do you do caipirihas" having spotted cacacha on the menu. "Yep we certainly do!" Grand. And what a lovely caipirinha it was. Not too sugary, quite a lot of lime - maybe just a little too much ice.

The boys burger looked fairly good. The bun was a 'standard burger' bun and the burger didn't look *really* handmade. I commented we had had better elsewhere but it was certainly still tasty and all of it was devoured.

After eating, we drifted back through to the bar. It's quite a small space, unfortunately, as its got a great vibe, lots of cocktails, really friendly staff, and pretty ace music. If you aren't lucky enough to snag a booth or table you end up standing at the bar and inevitably getting in people's way.

All this being said, I really like how different the Voodoo Rooms are, how friendly the staff are, and the tunes. I'll definitely be back, and soon.
I've always liked the Voodoo Rooms and have never failed to have a good time here. The steep climb up to the venue, luxuriant atmosphere and fine staff are all guaranteed. It works really well for a wide variety of events: DJ sets, live music and (most recently) race nights. You might not spot all the little rooms and passages, so be sure to explore when you get there.
I've been meaning to put a  review up for Voodoo Rooms for a wee while now.

To be honest this has been a favourite haunt of mine since it pretty much opened a few years back.

My mum remembers it as an old dance hall when she used to go out out at the Caf Royal (another favourite of mine) when she was younger.

I would say most nights are good. If you fancy a relaxed drink a Sunday late afternoon is always good - and most nights are pretty busy. Friday nights are always good after work and into the evening!

They have lots of events on and they have the main room upstairs and the 'Speakeasy' half way down the stairs, which is a nice area. Both can be hired out for parties etc.

It's a lovely designed bar. A friend of mine actually helped put the fancy stickers up all over the place when it first opened. It has a great selection of drinks and weekly cocktail specials which are always worth a try.

The only thing that does put me off is that the staff can be pretty slow at times, especially if they have a large cocktail order on the go. It can also get really busy too, so it can be difficult to get a seat - but worth it if you can get in early on - as you get table service.

I'd also highly recommend their antipasti selection - the nicest selection I've had in a bar - and a lovely start to the night with a glass of prosecco!

If you haven't been. Go! :)
   --
Was there early eve on a Thursday.  Chic crowd, friendly bartenders, slick ambiance.  Kept an eye over my shoulder half expecting someone stylized straight out of Interview with a Vampire to appear out of thin air. It's a lovely place and tucked away discreetly, so it would be a rare occurrence for sweaty (or freezing, depending on season) royal mile tourists to stumble in accidentally.
Fantastyczne miejsce na imprez, szczeglnie, jeli s to swingi lub jakie inne dansy z epoki. Zabrali mnie tu znajomi i szczerze powiem, e w pierwszej chwili obawiaam si, e to bdzie pomyka, e trafiam na jaki clubbing w posh miejscu i nie liczyam na dobr zabaw. Jake si myliam:) Przepikne miejsce z niesamowitym klimatem, wietnymi koktajlami i profesjonalnym stuffem. Odrestaurowany paacowy wygld sprawi, e przez chwile miaam wraenie, e przeniosam si do lat 20-tych. Nie wiem, kiedy znowu zawitam w Edynburgu, ale jeli si pojawi, to na pewno bd chciaa znowu tam zaimprezowa.
I just loved Voodoo Rooms last night, and thanks to Yelp I was reminded that in fact they really do *THE* best cocktails in Edinburgh!  

I haven't been back to the Voodoo rooms after a less than impressive visit a few years ago ... however, last night completely restored my faith in VR as a strong contender for the coolest cocktail hangout in Edi!  

My taste-buds were ticklingly (it IS a word!) tantalised, and if I didn't need my liver I could have sipped on their creative alcoholic delights for the rest of my life ... 

A great buzz about the place for a Thursday night, really nice crowd and good tunes ...it's all about the tunes people!  I simply love the decor, which I know is not for everyone - it makes me feel as though I've stumbled into some crazy Versace painting (on acid) *

I'm looking forward to visiting Voodoo Rooms for their Vegas themed night - I love nothing more than an opportunity to get all dolled up, bring on the feather boas, dancing (on tables) & cocktails... hell yeah!


*NB - for the record, I have not tried or will ever try acid.  :-D
I have never been to voodoo rooms before, the location is a bit off but it is worth it! Service was good, cocktails amazing, and the design was super nice. And yes, the sofa is as sexy as it looks in the picture! 

I will be going there again!
I was here for the Yelp Elite event but I did stay for more drinks and chats with fellow Yelpers. I wasn't sure what to expect but I loved the bar area. I loved the decor which is luxurious and I (this might be a bit weird) liked that they had plants! It seems to evoke calm, despite the increasing drunkeness due to tequila consumption. I had started with tequila (well kind of, but the glass of wine first in Cafe Royal isn't counted) and stayed on the fab El Diablo cocktails but it appeared they had a good range of wines and spirits.
Two El Diablo cocktails and a pint was around 14 - decent price for Glasgow or Edinburgh, especially when cocktails are involved and I definitely intend to return :-)
I can see this place becoming one of my new favourites when I'm up in Edinburgh. 

I stumbled across it completely by accident when out with friends & we were all glad I did. 

The decor is absolutely mindblowingly flamboyant, rivalled only in my experience by the excellent Lammar's bar in Manchester. 

It all adds up to a fun atmosphere whilst you enjoy food prepared to a very high standard.
The Voodoo Rooms has ambience in spades, part venue and part cocktail bar this place is something a little different and a bit special...

The bar plays host to many events in it's two halls (main and speakeasy) these range from live music to comedy and cabaret. Having taken in a few shows here, the lighting and sound are well done supporting the acts that play here very well.

In terms of a cocktail/spirit bar they have an excellent selection, though I wouldn't go here to drink beer, here things are entirely generic... Do go here though if you feel like trying a different rum, gin, vodka or whisky or if you are simply in the mood for a cocktail.

I haven't tried the food here, so won't comment to much, though I will say I have looked enviously at some of the tables which have, if nothing else the food looks good.

So, while the Voodoo is opulent it never feels ostentatious, instead it is a lively fun-filled place to spend a few hours, take in a show and sample some nice spirits.
Great drinks menu, and NYC lounge style bar. Just a bit out of the way from other good bars.
The Voodoo Rooms shouldn't be a two star establishment, but is gets two stars for the experience as a whole.

Years ago when it first opened, I came here for a meal with my parents, intrigued by the supposed creole-inspired food.  We paid top prices for middle of the line food.

I've been a number of times since (wisely staying away from the food and coming here only for drinks), and while I find the drinks reasonable, I think that the quality of the cocktails has gone downhill since the opening.  

The thing is, the biggest draw about the Voodoo Rooms is the setting.  It's gorgeous, opulent, and entirely too good for most of the clientele.  We were there this past weekend and were jostled, man-handled, and Katie Priced by what felt like every person walking into the bar.  This is partially because, while the venue as a whole is quite large, the actual main bar is very small for the number of people it attracts.  When I'm paying top dollar in such a nice (looking) bar, I just don't expect such a crush or rude and ridiculous people.

So, the Voodoo Rooms could be a much nicer place (food aside) but it is unfortunately let down by the kind of crowd it attracts.
It had the perfect romantic ambiance we wanted for pre-dinner drinks on Valentines day, and that was thanks to the "star" rating and reviews from the Yelp community, so thanks for your help identifying this classy venue!
GET SOME GOOD BEER AND I MIGHT CONSIDER UPDATING THIS REVIEW.

I head here for events quite often and as a bit of a fan of the food I felt that this place could only get better, I unfortunately think that it might have actually gotten worse. 

The general decor is cool, I like the place a lot.
I also quite like the food and spirits but beer wise they let themselves down heavily. pretty much the only palatable thing are bottles of deuchers.

IT also gets REALLY hot. 

In general - events good, food good, drinks, meh.
This was my second time in this bar and I did wonder last night why I haven't come here more...I didn't come up with an answer by the way. It's a plush looking bar, really nicely decorated. We had a private room for a party, which wasn't so plush looking, but was still great for what we wanted. We had our own bar with a friendly staff member, dancefloor which was all lit up, toilets, and we were able to hook up our own music (though this wasn't necessarily a good thing as whoever brought their music didn't have the best taste. It was also too loud when trying to talk to people). It was a good sized space aswell for a party and there was lots of seating though no one really used it. I got the impression from the main bar that it would be harder to get seats as it looked very busy but then again it was a Saturday night.

I definitely want to go back again in a few weeks when I've friends visiting from home and explore the other main areas of the Voodoo Rooms.
Who do? Voodo? Yeah, they do!

This is the one bar I always visit on a night out, and it never ceases to amaze me! Firstly, as mentioned numerous times below the dcor is awesome, it's a bit like a young Catherine Zeta Jones, sexy and welcoming!  Big booths and a nice long bar!

There is an absolutely beautiful cherry blossom tree outside and if you catch it at the right times of the year, it's a great view from up above.

They have separate rooms that form a restaurant and a private area for functions etc, if you are smart, and sneaky like me, you can normally gate crash one of the private events going on. One time I snuck into hear a young guy form Glasgow, a white man with an afro, rock out some of the best MJ and Bill Withers covers I have ever heard (FYI 'Use me' by Bill Withers is my favourite song ever). This experience was made even more enjoyable by the absolutely orgasmic Mojito I was drinking at the time.

The cocktails are among the best in town, after a while  I normally go rogue and start asking for random things not on the menu - they have a huge espresso machine that looks like something form a steam punk film so that always make me think of espresso martinis

Another time I visited, during a mega snow storm, and the cherry blossom tree looked like a big mutant ice lolly, I spotted Phil Jupitus on the decks. It was the night before Black Friday, and I was relieved to be away from work and to have some time for a drink. The night before Black Friday is an apprehensive one as you want to forget about the absolute pumping you will get the next day, but also you can't forget about it as you need to start lubricating. Anyway, Big Phil is on the decks, so I said to the girl I'm with, 

'WTF is PJ doing on the decks?' 

to which she replied 'who is PJ?'

 and I said 'Phil Jupitus, no?',

 'no?!'

....'oh...'

I'll just be star struck alone- I tried to play it cool and not go over to get my photo taken with him, but a few more cocktails and we started chatting. 

'Hey Phil, I think you are awesome!' 

'Thanks man'

'So why are you on the decks here?'

'I owed a guy a favour'

'....... Can I get a photo with you?'

'yeah, sure'

I still have the photo
The ratings for The Voodoo Rooms seem to be mostly positive based on the drinks and ambience. So if that is what you are looking for, this is potentially a good place for you. 

HOWEVER. The food, based on my one meal, was terrible. I started with the Haggis spring rolls. These honestly I didn't have much of a problem with, mostly because I have nothing to compare them to and had no expectations. (Never had Haggis before this). I personally didn't like the Haggis, but that probably doesn't have much to do with the preparation and instead is just the nature of the beast. Literally....

What I can more properly comment on is the main course I had, which was sea bass. I strongly advise that you do NOT order this dish here. The fish was thin and tasteless, served dark side up. Very unappetizing, even by sight. The side rice was plain, white, and very dry. 

I had a draft beer which was rather good, and the cocktail list looked impressive. My recommendation is to stick to the drinks at the Voodoo Rooms and eat your meal elsewhere.
First of all i have experience of cocktails from all over the world, most of all from NY at  different mixologists bars, like Milk and honey for ex.

We order two cocktails, the bartender or if he like to try to be a mixologist, he made the cocktails in front of us, and two of the ingridients was finsished after half use, for ex the ginger, but he did still make it as nothing has happend.
He seamed pretty nervous, perhaps he was on drugs.

Cocktails tasted only strong spirits, my grirlfriend could not drink it, i told him that she dont want it, he asked what she wanted instead? She wanted red wine instead(cause he could not make cocktails), then he went away for 5 minutes, we starred at him and then he just asked like nothing happend "Hey what do you like to have?, --ehh? we just said red wine -Ok that will be xx pounds"

We just went away of this stupid guy and place.

They also charge you 50 pence for pay by card?? Come on, whats the deal??

If you like to have good cocktails try Monteiths or Dragonfly instead.
Where to start!?

I stumbled upon this place after a random late Thursday evening (23rd May ;) ) sticky toffee pudding hunting with my GF. 


//  W R O N G   S I D E //

After driving up the, now one-way street before hand (left side of St Andrews Square as you exit George Street) to approach the venue [Crazy shizz I know], we walked up the stairwell with what I resembled to be the start of an a rollercoaster on space mountain or something. It could also could be referred to as what you might imagine your backstage entrance to "Stars in Their Eyes" would be like....or just some stairs with lights on the ceiling. It was cool though and got my mouth to stay open for about 20 seconds (health and safety issue with all my dessert craving drool on the steps but never mind!)  

//  I N S I D E   &   S E R V I C E //

Inside it was quite lively and there was a good vibe and atmosphere. The clientele was mixed (old and young) but both of the more sophisticated nature. I had quickly researched this place online prior to us going and therefore had booked a table for our random Thursday Night Dessert OFF! so we had a table reserved. One thing was that we had to awkwardly wait for a couple of minutes, and then go up to the side of the bar and ask one of the staff members about the table we had booked as there was no one at the "dolly waiter" at that time. Anyway, we got seated and were presented with the menu and advised of the specials etc but then waited for the moment to break the script by saying that we were just in for dessert :)  

The rest went a little like this: 
--Received Dessert Menu,
--Had seen it online, and ofcourse that they had sticky toffee pudding,
--Ordered one of those and a New York Cheese Cake!


//  N E W   E X P E R I E N C E S //

One thing that was very simple but awsome as well was the jug of water we got for the table which had been marinated with a cucumber in it - YUM-YUM.

So sippin cucumber H2o, it was time to have a good look around from our table O~o 
The interior decor was very vintage and royal with its sculptured ceilings and walls and hanging chandeliers. The dinning room we were in, next door to the bar, was modernly dated with that classy old vibe which was a change and the booths looked great for gatherings of friends. Instantly we planned to have our next night out here.

After going to the bathroom and having a flash back to the website, I noticed the array of events held in the venue. With private hire of venue space obviously available too! CMY EVENT THERE SOON I HOPE! :D


//  T I P S  //

--The prices are pretty reasonable for the atmosphere, the location and the quality of food. It was even better with a Gourmet Society Card offering 50% off! BOOM :D

--Arrive early for a booth, or call to reserve one.

--Thursday nights are busy.

--Sticky Toffee Pudding & New York Cheese Cake were amazing, mouth = watering

--You can rock up in anything casual but the majority of people were smart casual on a Thursday night.

Can't wait to go here for drinks and report back!
Being in Edinburgh for a few days this week, I was bowled over by the choice of great drinking and dining options available. 

We were at The Voodoo Rooms for an event downstairs and throughout this, the bar staff were efficient, effective, friendly and welcoming to our group. We had some cocktails in their 'Speakeasy' area, while also enjoying some food from the wide ranging and well priced dinner menu. All 3 of us went for the burgers which were obviously freshly made - plus they had a succulent flavour and texture that you don't get in normal run of the mill bars. I also liked the fact that although the Speakeasy bar was small, they still kept a good range of beers like Brooklyn in it as opposed to offering just a limited supply.

One of the bonuses of the Voodoo rooms is the fact that it's a labyrinth of rooms with loads of varying entertainment going on in different areas.  Their main bar upstairs is a real classic, quality long seating bar with a great vibe - the sort of place I'd love to spend more time just chilling out and relaxing in the afternoon with a nice pint and the newspaper. 

I also really enjoyed their 'Ballroom' which had an excellent band playing 60's and 70's psychedelic music - this to me was the icing on the cake of an evening spent across all the bars in this venue. 

I love places that are big enough to have loads of flow and give you the option to move around like you're at a house party, with loads of leisure and socialising options available - Voodoo rooms has this in abundance so check it out!
I've been here once before.  

For some unknown reason i usually overlook this place as a place to go and I don't know why!  It's a good place to come and have a function as i know there is at least 2 function rooms and then the main bar.  I remember having a good cocktail the time before this visit.

This visit was great as Voodoo provided a nice little array of canapes and cocktails for the Elite event! 

I really should get a group of friends to meet here as i think it would kick off a great evening before moving along!
Spent a great night here watching a local band. Room completely packed on a hot July night, air condition doing its job pretty well. The show sounded great and I liked the setup of the venue with tables at both sides of the room, the stage at the top front, the bar in the back of the room, standing area in the middle of the room. Barkeepers did a great job serving all the people, drinks were decent. Loved it. Will definitely come back .
The Voodoo Rooms is always a pleasure to visit even without a room full of Yelpers  to keep you company! It's beautiful decor and it's fantastic selection of drinks really do make for a great night out. It's not somewhere I'd pop in for a quick drink however I would feel welcome here no matter what attire I'm wearing despite it's chandeliers and other extravagant items.

It's tucked away in a nice little corner which mean there not many people just wandering in off the street and yet there still a nice mix of people inside. The atmosphere is relaxed and there is usually some sort of entertainment on.
This is one of those other places that when people fly in, I take them. Aside from the beautiful setting of the bar, nice selection of drinks and friendly service the bar is off the beaten track giving it that 'hidden' vibe to it.

I haven't been to any of the shows (other than the Vegas Hogmanay ball), but they seem great from the photos!
Grand Opening Today!!

Rock N Roll on the STRIP @HardRockCafeLV.

Great Atmosphere,Great Service,Great Bar Food and lots of cool stuff to see and play with.

3 levels of FUN

LEVEL 1-The Rock Shop--Memorabilia For Sale & more

LEVEL 2-Cafe with tons of TVs & seat side jukebox control & more PLUS a  Bar & lots of memorabilia

LEVEL 3- Bar,Cafe & Stage with a lounge and Outdoor Seating.coming soon

LUNCH

I had the house salad & HRC BBQ Trio with Chicken,Ribs and Pulled Pork with coleslaw and beans.

BE SURE TO TRY their PIG sauce HOT  vinegar based bbq sauce it  is WOW!!

Service was Fantastic-they are well trained,well stafeed and very knowledgable & informative.

Be sure to check out all the gadgets with the Windows Surface tabletops and giant screen on LEVEL 2.


EXTRA: VIDEO of Windows Surface Tables at HRC http://bit.ly/2nqMYU


oh yeah btw....1st to Review!!!!
Forget what you know about the Hard Rock Cafe in (insert city here). Go to the new one on the strip and prepare to have your music loving mind blown!

I stopped by just a couple of days after what was the "soft opening".  My server says a big grand opening event will happen in October and Chris Cornell will perform.  More on that later.

This has to be the biggest and most detailed Hard Rock anywhere.  According to the staff it's been in the works for four years and it shows.  It's prime location on the strip is just the start.  Once you walk in you'll get a number that directs you to the second or third level dining areas.  I got level 3 which features a huge split level dining hall, full size bar and a small intimate stage for live acts at the back of the room. (see Chris Cornell above). The number of mouths this place can feed at a time is huge at more than 800 seats.  Just imagine the kitchen on a busy night!

The food is the same menu at any Hard Rock.  I got a bacon cheeseburger which was a lot better than expected, especially the bacon.  Pricing at 13 bucks is a little high but you are on the strip and at the best HRC ever built.  It would be nice if the drink menu included pricing.  It was relatively slow when I was there.  And since all the staff is new they are eager to please and clearly instructed to go for the upsell.

After the meal you can just roam around and that's where it gets really fun.  The path to the third floor restroom is lined with infamous and at times chilling news headlines of the deaths of Lennon, Elvis and both Kennedys.  On a lighter note, a special room is dedicated to wedding memorabilia.  Elvis and Priscilla, John and Yoko, Ike and Tina and my heart skipped a beat when I came across a signed acoustic from Kurt Cobain at the Kurt and Courtney section.  Another awesome moment was a drum set from White Zombie mounted on the wall as you go down the stairs.

Another thing that makes this place unique is all the interactive technology.  Lots of Microsoft Surface tables and a huge touchscreen wall where you can check out everything that's on site.

If this doesn't become the flagship HRC soon I will be shocked.  Anyone who loves music (anyone with a pulse) needs to grab a meal or drink here.
I'm not particularly a crazy HRC person, but this place was fun & quite spectacularly thought out. The touch screen displays, the MSFT Surfaces, etc were all a nice touch. The place was huge. The food is like any other Hard Rock, although I'll admit the servers were just on the ball here. Pricing is like any other Strip chain, but I can imagine this place rocking out on a night with live music.
A great Hard Rock to go to! Same fun merchandise that the chain has to offer.
I'd never been to a Hard Rock Cafe before. I was GREATLY disappointed. The merchandise in their "museum" was kinda cool but nothing to get too excited about.

The service was AWFUL. Just awful. We were seated in the middle of the room and while it was somewhat busy, we seemed to be sitting at the Invisible Table. It took forever to get menus or water. We sat and watched as all the other tables that were seated after us got service. Annoying. But we weren't angry yet.

A waitress from another table came by and asked if our waitress had helped us yet. We said no and she was nice enough to get things started (menus, water). Again it took forever to put our order in. They screwed it up--we asked for mayo and they never brought it. After waiting, I flagged down a bus boy and asked him.

The entire process took over an hour and a half. I finally flagged some random waiter down and asked for our bill. 

While the food was pretty good, the service was so atrocious, I'd never return. It was a bad experience for my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe. LAME!
When I passed by the Hard Rock Cafe on the strip in Vegas, I had to laugh. This place brings me back to the days in high school when it was so cool to be seen wearing a HRC t-shirt.  Of course, growing up in WNY, Orlando is the most popular place that families seem to vacation, .... so it seemed that almost everyone owned an Orlando HRC T-shirt. And boxer shorts. We were so cool.

But not my BFF. She scored a Las Vegas one, and I was secretly jealous.

Fifteen plus years later, and I had to have lunch here for memory's sake. The restaurant is rather large, and was pretty crowded for a late Saturday afternoon. A friend and I scored bar seats, and within a minute or two had the bartenders attention. The holiday drink menu looked intriguing, but when I asked his recommendation, he said he wasn't too impressed and could make me a fantastic raspberry martini, after a few questions as to what type of drinks I enjoyed. It was delish.

Our entrees (pulled pork and chix mac & cheese) were delivered rather quickly. Sizeable, yet manageable portions, and very tasty.

Overall a very positive experience. Enjoyed chatting with our bartender about the local MTB scene, and will have to return for another matini. Will probably not be purchasing any more T-shirts though. The coolness factor has worn off.
I've never been a huge fan of Hard Rock Cafes, and kind of despise the idea of going from Cafe to Cafe to collect T-shirts that advertise for their business, but this place literally rocks!  First, upon stepping inside, there are about six screens which show Hard Rock Cafes in different cities of the world, live, allowing us to really watch what is happening in each of these venues, thousands of miles away.  I spent a few moments to watch diners in Beijing!  We went for drinks and for lunch, and while we were making our way to the bar/restaurant on the second floor, we spent time admiring outfitsworn by different pop icons which were diplayed in glass cases throughout. We also amused ourselves with the various interactive screens with music videos and interviews.  Once we sat down, we ordered tequila shots and some drinks.  They had the tequila we wanted and I had a really great mojito.  The food is the typical fare of Hard Rock Cafe...bar food, and some salads....I did, however, really enjoy my chicken salad.  Our server was super friendly and told us that they have live music on the third level every night and a DJ one night.  He then brought passes to get in without paying cover.  After that, we scored some rodeo gear from the Coors Girls, as the rodeo was passing though town and a cowboy was signing autographs. After lunch, we went to the balcony to check out the view, which overlooks the strip, across from the Monte Carlo.  Then, we went upstairs to check out the music club, though it was not open yet, as it was lunchtime.  The third level has an impressive circular bar and a full stage that reminds me of the House of Blues.  I cannot wait to go back and check out a show one night.
Some local friends took us to the upstairs room for live music.  We didn't eat here, so I can't comment on the food.

The upstairs is very nice. There are huge windows near the bar, overlooking all the chaos outside.  The bar area is quite nice, although, in true bar fashion, the drinks are too expensive.  It was fairly dead in there (being a Sunday night) and the bartender was pretty cool. I had ordered a Vodka Cranberry, and it was waaay too expensive, but poured with Smirnoff.  Being a bit of a vodka snob, I asked the bartender how much is the different to pour Ketel One or Chopin.  It was $1.50; cool. Next drink I ordered, I'd get it that way.

So I turn to talk to my friends, and a few minutes later, the bartender brings me a new vodka cranberry, with Chopin to replace my original drink and wasn't charging me for the difference.  What a nice guy!  Later in the night he also gave one of the girls in our party a round of shots for us. They were terrible! But they were free =)

The area to watch the band/dance is spacious with a good amount of tables.  The band itself, Sin City Sinners, was good, as always. I have seen them a few times and they're full of energy and awesome hard rock!

As we stumbled down the stairs at the end of the night (be careful!), we stopped at a couple tabletop arcade style games and played for a while.  That was fun too!
Place was way fun, was with a big group of people and we had more fun here then we did having bottle service at XS. Hard Rock had a pretty legit cover band playing classic rock and roll and we were all piss drunk having a ball. I definitely recommend if your cougar hunting or looking to go out and have a good time with minimal drama!
I love all the food here. The burgers, chicken sandwiches and the nachos. I've been to this location many times. Order the nachos with steak, salsa, guacamole and sour cream. Any burger or sandwich. I love all the guitars, clothes around the restaurant from all the rock stars I admire. Pretty loud establishment. The staff also put on a show for the guests. What happens in vegas stays in vegas.
I attended a hosted Las Vegas Meetings and Events Winter party here on the third level here last night. 

I was very impressed from the moment I walked in with how friendly the greeters/hostesses were to the servers and bartenders. On the strip sometimes it's hit or miss with encountering service people who actually act like they love their job. 

If you had the privilege of seeing the previous Hard Rock Cafe this one just blows the old one out of the water! Very spacious and spread out, on the third level which is where I spent my evening is a nice sized stage and dancing area, with tables around the outside rim if you wanted to sit and listen to the music. Upstairs (and on the 2nd level) they also have an outside patio overlooking the strip. Inside is typical bar and dinner seating, as well as a section of secluded lounge chairs. (They have these little loungey areas on the second level too.) The tables around the couches act as a touch computer screen where you can play videos and flip through photos all with the touch of your finger!

Since the event was hosted, I can't comment on cost or really the food, as they just had passed h'ordeuvres. Everything was fried, which is OK, but I know they were trying to feed the masses and those items were probably the cheapest. 

I tried the coconut shrimp, pot stickers and egg rolls, not much to say, they didn't have any flare or kick to them that would make them stand out from any other bar, but having eaten at Hard Rock's across the country I know they always do a solid American Cuisine- Love the there veggie burger! 

This would be a fun place to get a group together for a dinner party or birthday. Would definitely go back.
This place is just... wow.  In a good way.

We walked upstairs, got seated right away at a table by the window.  Our waitress was awesome and friendly as hell.  Our drinks and food were the bomb diggity and the service was great.  Went downstairs to do some shopping after our lunch and were pleasantly surprised at the prices of the clothes.  

I'll definitely be back!
So before heading home to L.A. from Las Vegas, we decided to have some lunch here.

Seating was quick and easy, our waitress was okay, but not sure if the whole place was ready to go, and i heard they opened a few weeks before, not sure if it was true or not, but some of those waiters were not all there.

Anyhow, the salad alone took forever to get to our table, and it arrived two minutes before our meals arrived, which is not cool, we need to enjoy the salad atleast half way before our meal gets there.

Had their Twisted Mac,Chicken & Cheese, and i was not disappointed at all, good lunch.

Just like any Hard Rock Cafe, the feel and your surroundings are Cool.

Hope to stop in again once i am in Las Vegas.
I came in one night for a concert, but I was early. Which was okay as I hadn't eaten since breakfast so I needed food before booze. So I took a seat at the bar and ordered.

I had a SOB Burger, which is a cheeseburger with guac and chipotle. It was kind of uninspiring as far as a burger goes - massive, but I felt like the chipotle flavor was played down. Also it fell apart after the first couple of bites - to be fair, I think they anticipated it, they gave me a big ass steak knife to go with it. The fries were really good.

Alcohol: I gave up drinking after the first two rounds, because my draft Newcastle Ale was 5.60. Don't drink on the Strip if you're a local, you will always be disappointed. The bartender was attentive to my needs and cashed me out quickly.

The Concert: The real reason to come here is that the third floor is a MASSIVE concert space. It's a really nice venue, and they've been booking really interesting gigs. The bar service looked good, but like I said, I quit indulging after dinner so I don't know about the service/prices.
Zachary is the best!  He provided the best customer service experience I have had anywhere  in a long time!  And of course the food is good here too.  :)
Got seated quickly, got drinks quickly, food got done quick and was deliscious. I recommend the california burger. Our server was awesome. It's also very hard to not like any Hard Rock Cafe
We came here for lunch during our last visit to Vegas. Which was actually our breakfast. The place is awesome, especially for music lovers! We both ordered the bloody mary's which were good. My husband had some burger with buffalo sauce, bacon, and blue cheese, which he loved. I had the bacon cheeseburger with bbq sauce. They were both yummy, and the fries were so good. My husband I think fell in love with the place when they told him they could put cheese and bacon on his french fries. 

We will definately be coming back here.
The new Hard Rock Cafe is awesome!!! Got a chance to see Eve 6 last night and was impressed with the venue.  Basically, the new Hard Rock Cafe is a three-tier building of Rock-N-Roll fun.  First floor is the walk-in HRC store with all the cool shirts, hats, sweaters, etc.  Quick escalator ride up to the second floor and your in the cafe.  

I personally didn't get a chance to grab a bite, but I've eaten at the Maui, Miami, and old Vegas cafes and have never been disappointed (definitely review update).  Take the stairs or elevator up to the third floor and you've reach the concert venue.  

The top floor offers a great outdoor balcony with a splendid view of the Vegas strip.  There is a large bar located on one side of the room and various locations with shot girls.  The VIP side of the venue also offers free Coors Light and Blue Moon brew for the opening acts.  Overall, I had a fantastic time and look forward to catching another event at the Hard Rock Cafe soon.
We got there 7 pm. and place was hopping. Our freinds had grilled salmon with veggies and mash, we had their burgers and a club. Well, we can't say its rocket science to cook a burger. The food was good but pricey.
They took a picture with me and a fake guitar and I didnt even buy anything. I just wanted to see if they have the FAT drinks you see everyone carrying on the street and they DO. Very nice staff and clean place to get some great food or a drink thats 2 feet long and $16
We went here to see Bobby Brown (eventually-you know, once he decided to actually show up) and I really liked the venue.  It was intimate and the bartenders were quick and attentive.  The prices on drinks confused the heck out of me.  I couldn't figure out why a cranberry and vodka cost more than my long island but whatever.  A good time was had by all.

Also, there is a grand assortment of lotions and whatnots in the women's restroom which was awesome.
I ordered a chicken sandwich here that was a little on the pricy side, but huge!  It was also very delicious.  This is overall a fun place to be in, music playing, video screens, and of course, the famous celebrity costumes and tidbits.  Staff was quick to serve us, and also the bus staff was helpful whenever our server wasn't readily flagged down.  We were there for lunch on a Friday, and the place was lively and happening - helps that it was right along the strip.
Completely average food. I felt the food was way overpriced for what I got. I ordered the chicken sandwich (has a fancier name but wasn't memorable so I forgot) and it came with only a little chicken. I ordered a chicken sandwich from Exacalibur's pool cafe and it was three times the size!!! And much tastier! What gives? Maybe it was just an off night but overall I felt it was just average. Btw. Lower the music just a tad I can barely hear myself in there.
As you can imagine if you've never been here, this place has an electric atmosphere with incredible memorabilia. The food and drinks are outstanding, excellent service, grand view of the strip from the terrace and some great artists for after dinner entertainment. A favorite of ours on Las Vegas Blvd.
Took the kids here for lunch and sat out on the patio. It was breezy day and kind of cool but the patio was in the sun and protected so it was perfect! I bet it gets super toasty in the summer though. Anyway, we were all entertained by the tourists and people walking down on the street. Food was amazing, waiters were friendly and helpful and the place was really nice.
Our hotel had a little guide to Vegas on the nightstand and as I scoured it for free and/or interesting things to do, the Interactive Rock Wall caught my eye as something my musician husband would enjoy. While it's impressive in theory, the more interesting and fun techie toy we found was just in the waiting area. It was a table top touch screen, reminiscent of the old pac-man tables often found in restaurants during the 80s/90s, but WAY MORE AWESOME... er, well, those were pretty sweet too. 

I'm drifting...

So the interactive rock wall has random images of memorabilia floating around which you can drag and touch click and enlarge... and is quite large, with basically 6 docking stations for 6 users to peruse the floating options. However, the table top touch screens had a search feature so you could choose whose junk you got to look at. We immediately searched for the Boss's items in the collection, enjoying the i-whatever type technology that allowed us to pinch and spread our fingers on the screen to zoom in and out and read old setlists and the like. 

Fun times for music geeks.

I believe these are the same kinds of screens we saw in the booths, but our table didn't have one to play with... so if you want to enjoy that part of the place, ask specifically to sit near one! 

Oh yeah and as far as the food went, it was fine, just as at all Hard Rocks, although I give extra props to the waitress who noticed me order my veggie burger without cheese and asked if I was vegan.

**Side note, vegans, don't plan to eat here. There's really nothing for you. That veggie burger had cheese in it, and I was so grateful that she let me know!!! The option for a side salad is there, but it won't really fill you... with food or nutrients since it was all iceberg or other light-colored lettuces with practically no vitamins.
My only trip to the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip was to attend a charity concert by Mixmaster Mike. My sweetheart of a husband decided that a charity event headlined by a great DJ was the perfect excuse to splurge and get bottle service. 

The first star I am docking is for accessibility. Where is the parking lot for this place? Does it even have one? I still don't know... We ended up parking at the MGM and walking over to the Hard Rock.

The hostess was very nice, gave us our nifty VIP lanyards and sent us up the elevator to get our table. When we were seated at our table, our VIP hostess found out what mixers we wanted to go with the vodka we were having (we requested cranberry and orange juice, some red bulls and some Sprite). She also explained to use that after the show, the DJs would be doing a 'meet and great' in the VIP area, which we were all pretty happy to hear.

We walked around and checked out the venue. Was disappointed to see guys wearing boardshorts and flip flops. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against a casual dress code. My husband prefers to dress casually, so when I want to go to an event at a venue with a dress code it sometimes takes some convincing. This was disappointing because we were told when we made our table reservation that there was a dress code. Wish we had known that wasn't the case... 

Ok... Fast forward an hour... DJs are good, sound system is nice and loud, view from the patio is excellent, my drink is great... oh wait. I don't have any Sprite. I am not docking a star for that though as our hostess was very apologetic about forgetting it and quickly brought some out.

Mixmaster Mike was amazing, but he always is. I really enjoyed the show. After he finished playing, he signed autographs and passed out cds. Very cool of him... but apparently this was the 'meet and great' we had been told that would happen in the VIP area. I decided to chalk this up to our hostess being confused. Thankfully there was not a very large crowd so I was still able to get a cd and my photo taken...

At this point it's about 2 a.m., and we have about an inch of vodka left in our bottle. After a quick trip to the little girls' room, we sit back down to enjoy our last drink before heading back over to our car at the MGM. Well, try to enjoy one last drink at least. Security made it very clear that the show was OVER and it was time to get OUT. One guard approached us and told us it was time to go, we assured him we would be leaving as soon as we finished our last drink... 'Just give us 5 more minutes!!'. 4 minutes and 50 second later, he was back to give us the boot.

I know, I know, the show was over and the people working wanted to go home and/or go out themselves. I get that. I also get that other clubs treat bottle service patrons a little better then Hard Rock Cafe did. And this is Vegas, there is no 'bar time' in Vegas. That's one of the perks of being IN Vegas... 

So while I may attend another concert or event at the Hard Rock Cafe, I certainly won't buy any more overpriced bottles of Ketel One!
Very Friendly staff...miss the complimentary shuttle to the other Hard Rock Cafe...
We built this city on rock and roll!

Or did we? The hard rock cafe is definitely rock n roll.  I recently had dinner there, and stayed for a club that was being promoted by some hip hop dj's, which was on the 3rd floor.  

The food at the hard rock is not bad.  By not bad I mean it taste like most chain restaurants, so stick to the salads and burgers, you don't want to venture out there too far.

The club was a beauty.  I loved the layout.  Nice bar.  Excellent outdoor patio overlooking the strip.  Clean restroom.  Plenty of space to dance.  I went Saturday Night, and the crowd was small for a Saturday, however, it was big enough to party and not feel like the place was empty.  I liked the idea of being in a club in Vegas with good music, yet not being cattled around like most clubs on the strip.  I believe with the right promotion this place could be one of the hottest spots on the strip for a club (especially since Poetry aka OPM is no longer open).
First time to hard rock cafe in vegas.  I had 10oz of lengendary burger.  It was awesome, I skipped breakfest n lunch next day til 4 pm, i was still stuffed from that lengendary burger. Pricey, but totally worth it.
Let me start by saying I have been here twice.
The first time was amazing with an amazing waiter named Terry, who did bar tricks for us and catered to our ever need, even to our friend who has trouble making decisions and embarrasses us! Only downside was the prices.

The second time? I don't think I will ever go back. We had a waitress named Amy, with a high pitched and shrill voice, who forgot our drinks numerous times.As well as trying to be a bit too friendly, stealing one of my prize stuffed animals to my side and saying I should watch better...very comforting to know that my stuff could be stolen from me as I eat. Yes, she was nice and ok as a waitress I guess...but once it came to the bill, it said "We added an 18% optional tip for your convenience". The tip was going to be 25 dollars...we decided 15 would be good enough.

As we left, she ran after us saying we "were a bit shy" from the amount due, We gladly pointed out that the tip was optional, but it seems Ms. Amy was NOT happy about it. "I aim for 20%" That's fine, but you didn't get it. She got mad and said she needed to talk to the manager before we left. This got us very angry, because she treated us like thieves or something.  She then came back 10 mins later saying "We can go". Well, if I would have known she'd be pissy about a tip I'd have taken the tip back.
- Pretty dead scene for a Friday night and there weren't many people around. Maybe it was too late for dinner? You may want to stick with the hotel. Everyone looked bored and ready for their shift to end.  
- $15 for a sandwich? Really?  
- Too cool to provide, you know, service. Our server never brought us our drinks. I had to track down another server and ask for them. We never even had the opportunity to order food because the service was so obnoxious. 
+ It looked clean and had some cool memorabilia.
Pretty alright place to eat if you're into $15 burgers that fill you up, great music, mellow crowd, and patio seating has a pretty sweet view of the strip.

Service was lacking a bit though, don't know why since there weren't that many people =/

Would i come here again? Nah, one of those places you should just try. Nothing special.

Food: B
Service: B
Atmosphere: A
I went here with a group of friends because we were going to a concert there (Metal Elvis, meh). We weren't expecting much but were seduced by the convenience of eating at the same place as the show.

The first problem was that one person in our group made a reservation online, but they had no record of it when we got there, despite our having a confirmation number. So, we had to wait for a table.

The next problem is that the Mint Julep I had was probably 90% simple syrup. Truly an awful cocktail (not to mention that the waitress had no idea what kind of bourbon they had).

The service was slow. Some manager type came by and gave us some kind of locals only frequent member card. Not enough for everyone, mind you. Which was fine by me because I hate that kind of crap. Don't need another card to carry around.

The group shared a plate of nachos which were OK. Kind of hard to screw up corn chips and cheese, so kudos to the Hard Rock for that.

The special that night was a portabello mushroom sandwich, which seemed to be a reasonably healthy alternative to everything else on the menu. But it was so slathered in cheese and this obnoxious mayo concoction that it really was as much a greasy, drippy mess as any burger. Came with a salad but most of the "vegetables" were white, so that was a disappointment, let me tell you.

Went in suspecting that the Hard Rock Cafe is nothing more than a tourist trap and everything about it confirmed this suspicion.
I decided to give the Hard Rock Cafe another try, this time we just went in for dinner before going to a concert. I made a reservation for 6:30 and this time, we took a cab from our hotel so the lack of free, easy to access parking was a non-factor.

Upon arrival we headed up the escalator and was greated by a photographer. She handed me a guitar, we struck some rockstar poses while she snapped a couple shots. Then it was off to get seated.   Our hostess was friendly and tried to make small talk while she took us to our table. The eating area of the Hard Rock Cafe was almost identical to the club area, which is one floor up. The only differences I saw were the additional tables, and different memorabilia. 

Our waitress was friendly and we were able to place orders for drinks quickly after being seated. My husband decided to order the pulled pork and ribs combo plate, I had a sirloin steak. When we ordered, the waitress gave him a choice in the sauces for the pulled pork, he went with vinegar.

After placing our food order, someone came by with the photo that had been taken when we entered. $20 later we had a 5x7 in a simple, touristy frame and 2 smaller photos. Pretty gimmicky but a nice way to remember the evening.

Food was brought out promptly. Not too fast but fast enough. I tried a little of the pulled pork, I was glad my husband went with the vinegar based sauce. Very tasty. He seemed to really enjoy the ribs as well.  My steak was fine, nothing exceptional.  I really did like that it was served with snap peas though. 

Overall, a better experience then my first visit. Food was  good, a little on the pricier side but nothing we weren't expecting. Not really a place I think I'd feel the urge to return to often though. Maybe when people visit from out of town...
ok. im not one to get on here and completly put a company down, but this place was a disappointment. out of all of the places on the strip we decided to meet and eat here. i give 2 stars for the scenery and the rock n roll, but the rest was a disappointment. The service was not great, and the food seemed like something you would order in a diner. adult beverages were ok, but the overall experiences didnt rock it!  Sorry hard rock, but there is much better right out of your front door on the veas strip!
The best experience we had in Vegas! The waiter was knowledgeble about the menu. The hostess put us on the balcony during sunset, letting us view the strip at night. Amazing!! The manager came out and talked to us for a while, comping us free drinks. Highly reccomend anyone who enjoy's hard rock, going there!
Gestern waren wir im Hard Rock Cafe direkt am Las Vegas Boulevard, um eine Mahlzeit zu uns zu nehmen. Nach den knapp 40 Grad Celsius, die draussen herrschten, war der klimatisierte Innenbereich wie ein kleiner Himmel fr uns.
Der Kellner war zwar freundlich, machte aber den Eindruck, dass alles schnell gehen muss, damit die Pltze zgig an die nachkommenden Gste weitervergeben werden knnen. Dieser Eindruck besttigte sich, als er uns fragte ob wir noch etwas wnschen, wir nach der Rechnung verlangten, und er die Rechnung schon fertig dabei hatte.
Von der Atmosphre her ist das Restaurant typisch Hard Rock Cafe: Laute Rockmusik, Star-Memorabilia an den Wnden und die typische Karte, die aus Burgern, Steaks und den blichen Vorspeisen besteht. Man wei halt, was man bekommt, wenn man ins Hard Rock Cafe geht.
Whrend meine Frau den 'Honey Citrus Grilled Chicken Salat' bestellt hatte, habe ich mir die 'Hickory Smoked BBQ Ribs' mit Pommes, Krautsalat und einem Bohnendip gegnnt. Beide Gerichte schmeckten hervorragend, leider waren die Rippchen nur lauwarm. Dafr war das Fleisch aber so zart, dass man es mit der Zunge zerdrcken konnte.
Zum Essen hatten wir noch ein 'Shock Top', eine amerikanische Biersorte, die ein belgisches Bier darstellen soll. War ganz ok, hatten uns aber ein wenig mehr davon versprochen.
Preistechnisch ist es im Hard Rock Cafe natrlich nicht ganz billig, mit der Rechnung bekamen wir allerdings einen 20%-Rabatt-Gutschein fr den Shop und da wir da sowieso einkaufen wollten haben wir noch nebenbei 6$ gespart.
We had fun looking at all the memorabilia and playing with the Microsoft surface while we waited for a table. Other than that, the food, drinks and service was normal for Hard Rock - subpar.
It was quite the experience. My hubby and I went here before catching our flights back home and it wasn't busy, but there were quite a few people there. Walked into this place and it's a shopping area downstairs and there's an escalator that leads upstair to the restaurant and that's where we intended to go anyway. Right on top of the stairs, there was a guy there who took photos of anyone who goes to the restaurant. We got seated right away and because of our time crunch, we already knew what we wanted. I ordered a Grilled Alaskan Salmon and hubby got the Jumbo Combo. Both food was very good especially the mash potatoes that game with my dish. They made it with cheese or something similar. It was very cheesy. My husband's dish was huge or jumbo in this case. Service was great and the decor was very rocker chique. I will come back next time but not on such a time crunch. After getting the bill they give you a coupon to shop downstairs. Pretty cool.
Had a great experience at this particular Hard Rock.  I always get the Twisted Mac and Cheese with Chicken. It was super tasty as always.  The server even recommended some ways to customize the dish if we wanted to change it up a bit.  Our drinks were always full, the bathrooms were very clean.  My favorite part of the whole dining experience was that we sat on the patio overlooking the strip.  The layout of this particular Hard Rock is fantastic, and we received outstanding service!  You can't go wrong here.
Food was great service was very good!
HRC. No, not Hillary Rodham Clinton. Not Human Rights Campaign. Hard Rock Cafe!

I've been here on two occasions - once for the grand opening and again last weekend for the Motley Brews craft beer festival. I haven't had a chance to actually eat in the cafe yet, so this review is purely for the building as a venue.

It's actually a pretty impressive spot. The bottom floor is the gift shop. If you're a Hard Rock junkie, I'm sure you'll find something to take home with you. The second floor is where the actual cafe resides.  It has a nice size with a balcony that overlooks the strip. In the waiting area are Microsoft Surface tables where you can play around with music-related trivia and activities.

The third floor houses a small museum, a bar, and a stage area for small concerts. During the grand opening, I got to see Chris Cornell perform. This is also where the Motley Brews event occurred. It's a nice open space for these types of events. It also has a balcony overlooking the strip.

I think it's a little strange that we now have two Hard Rock Cafes and one Hotel in Vegas. I haven't been to the other cafe in about 17 years, but I can only imagine that this new one blows that one away. Then again, if you're a Hard Rock junkie (like a few people we met at the grand opening), you'll visit and appreciate both places.

Overall, this is a good addition to the strip.
Friendly service. Good food. Fun music--and loudness at a comfortable level. Friendly staff at the merchandise store. Always a pleasure visiting the HRC Las Vegas Strip.

Had lunch here with friends. This was their first time eating here. They enjoyed their meal and their visit. One friend even bought a souvenir jacket. I think she really enjoyed her visit to the Hard Rock Cafe.
Other than the cool multi-touch wall, service and food was disappointing.
Had lunch here; in the words of my nephew, "yucky wucky".
The ribs had NO seasoning on them and the beans weren't seasoned either.
On top of that; I understand that it is the HARD ROCK cafe, but can you please turn the music down so the paying customers can at least hear themselves converse? We are still at a restaurant, not a rock concert.
Will never go here again.
Ate here and saw the Dandy Warhols here. Dinning experience was mediocre. Venue for concert was pretty damm good!
I don't mind playing the role of tourist every once in a while and heading down to the strip. After visiting M&M World and the World of Coca-cola, my wife, kid, and I stopped by the Hard Rock Cafe for lunch. It's an impressive looking place. Three stories. The first is the store, second is the restaurant, and third is the concert area.

The last time I ate at a Hard Rock Cafe was probably the late '90s (in Cancun). I wasn't impressed back then with the food and I wasn't expecting much this time around either. But, it was actually better than I had hoped.

The wife got a burger that wasn't on the menu. A beef patty topped with a portobello mushroom and haystack onions, along with some other stuff. Also came with a side salad. She liked it and it was enough food for two people. 

I got the BBQ bacon cheeseburger (topped with caramelized onions, crispy bacon, and cheddar cheese). It was juicy and tasty and the BBQ sauce had a sweet, smokey flavor to it. Not bad at all. I also had a margarita with pomegranate and some other fruity flavors (don't judge me... sure I occasionally drink fruity cocktails. I don't care what others think.) that was pretty good.

Our son got the chicken tenders. Three to an order with a large heap of fries. 

Our server was friendly and stopped by often to check on us. But wasn't overly intrusive. He even brought out a complimentary sundae for our kid after he found out it was his birthday.

There's a huge interactive wall just past the hostess stand and there's also a touchscreen at each booth with info about memorabilia, merchandise in their store, and a voting system for the next song that's played in the restaurant. It's a great idea, but the interface is clunky. Anyone who's ever used an iphone or android will probably find it to be a little primitive. Also, there was a huge disconnect between the song that the screen indicated was playing and the music that was piped through the sound system. I don't think it listed the correct song the whole time we were there.

Overall, this is a place that will attract only tourists looking for a relatively cheap, predictable meal (at least for the second floor dining area). The food was 3-star worthy, but I'm tossing in an extra star because of the good service.
Typisches HRC wie fast berall auf der Welt.
Hier in Las Vegas, eines der 2 Hard Rock Cafe an der Ecke Paradise & Harmon schrg gegenber dem Hofbruhaus.


 Innen sehr gerumig und im typischen HRC Style ausgestattet. Die Qualitt der Speisen ist gleichbleibend, analog der anderen HRC. Ebenso die Bedienungen in Bezug auf Freundlichkeit und Schnelligkeit reihen sich nahtlos in die groe HRC-Masse ein.


 Bei diesem Hard Rock Cafe handelt es sich um das Original Las Vegas HRC, um das erste in Las Vegas. Das zweite HRC am Strip kam erst vor ca 2 Jahren dazu.
My friend was craving a burger and beer so we decided to come here.  Expensive of course but pretty decent food and our server was awesome!  My mom got the mahi mahi sandwich.  It was pretty good.  My hubby and I both got veggie burgers and it hit the spot.  I got mine with the hot wing sauce and blue cheese...brilliant!  Skimpy on the fries but tasty.
Best service and food ever! Every time I come to Vegas I HAVE to stop by here! And did I mention the CUSTOMER SERVICE?? IT WAS AWESOME!! Thanks Hard Rock!
I'm usually the type that goes to a restaurant and order the same thing because I know what it taste like and how i like it or what to expect, but I always order something different every time i come here because I know I'll like it one way or another. This restaurant can get a little pricey, but its still awesome. We've been here a few times, mainly when family or friends come down to visit. If customer service is a big deal to you as it is to me, then you're in luck.. their customer service was awesome. 
There is a gift shop on the first floor. Its small, but has plenty of souvenirs. Seems like shot-glasses are the thing to buy these days...
Tja, kennst du ein HRC kennst du sie alle, sollte man meinen. Aber das hier in Vegas war irgendwie anders. Die Prsenz der dort ausgestellten Snger war mir noch nie so allgegenwrtig. Das lag nicht nur an den Memorabilia von Curt Cobain, fr mich unvergessen.


 Die Speisen und Getrnke sind wahrhaftig wie in jedem HRC auf der Welt, braucht man glaube ich kein Wort darber zu verlieren.


 Wer noch Kohle hat kann im HRC Casino noch ein Spielchen wagen.


 Ich komme wieder, keine Frage!
I came for the glass, and had a great time!

Our waitress was really sweet and attentive.  She had a LOT of energy.  I mean, a looooot.  I think she said "rock on" about 17 times during our meal.  At one point, she actually got into the "superstar" position tableside.  It was intense.

But anyway, I recommend the lettuce wraps--they were really good, but it was quite a large appetizer, so bring your appetite!  After that my friend ordered a steak w/ the twisted mac n cheese--she said the steak was REALLY good, but I only snuck bites of her delicious macaroni.  Amazing!!!

I had the grilled lemon caper chicken, and it was to die for!!  The chicken was really juice and well cooked, and the sauce on it was creamy and delicious.  The pasta that came with it was good as well.  My husband ordered the burger, and I ate most of that, too!  It was SO good!  You could tell it was good beef they were using.  Very, very good meal.  And his fries were good, too.  Not the highlight of the meal, but good nonetheless!!

Also, they had a promotion going on that if you brought your receipt downstairs and bought three t-shirts, you would get 20% off the bill.  Score!
To be fair, I don't eat at chain restaurants because I know they suck.  But we were in Las Vegas and we figured if there is any place to do some typical tourist crap, Las Vegas would be the place to do it.

My boyfriend had never been to a Hard Rock Cafe and so we decided that compared to the other places on the strip this would be somewhat in our price range and we wouldn't get hassled since we look like weirdos.

The place is neat, the weird cyber interactive stuff is cool maybe all Hard Rocks have those now, I don't know but it was fun looking at the kind of memorobelia that appealed to us at our table.  It was also fun voting for the music that would be played next, but we kept getting beaten out.

The service was meh.  Stupid jokes from the waitress asking us what band we were in.  Yes, because obviously if we were in a band and playing in Las Vegas we'd totally be eating at the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip... ugh.  Also, this was kind of annoying - my boyfriend's ID picture is really old when he was younger, chubbier, and just had his wisdom teeth out, so in a word he looks kinda bad.  He's aware of that.  The waitress I guess in an attempt to... I don't know make him feel better?  Went on and on and on about how she shouldn't even accept the ID because it looks nothing like him now and how's he's gotten way more attractive... wtf?

The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.  My food was one degree above cold and my boyfriends food ended up making him sick.  The waitress never came back with condiments we asked for and we considered doing a runner because it was taking so long to get the check... and we were one of six occupied tables....

So all and all avoid this place if you can.  I've been to many a Hard Rock in my life, but this was the worst as far as food and service go.  One of the best as far as decor go.  Take it for what you will.
the food was good, the service could have been better. we enjoyed the music some things you havent heard on the radio in years, where being played so it was nice. what i didnt like, every few min people would scream- and i mean SCREAM the waiters were egging on a crowd in the back to get loud, and after a long day of walking around the strip and just wanting a good meal- this kind of ruined it.
this was a really cool spot! I was able to just see the upper venue where the event was and it was very cool. the balcony overlooked the strip, and thats always nice to have. Not  too many places to sit which stinks but everyone was nice and the food was delicious.
Massive portions wouldn't even sum it up! I was extra hungry due to changing time zones etc etc and I couldn't finish my chicken, mac and cheese meal I got. It also came with like Garlic Bread which I didn't even touch! if anyone ever manages to finish this whole meal please tell me!!! The vanilla milkshake was awesome!
This cafe Is one cool spot!! It has an outside patio with great views of the strip, friendly staff, good drinks, and a hip atmosphere. Great place to bring a group of friends.
Great service.  I got the lettuce wraps as a meal.  Boyfriend got a bacon cheeseburger.  The waiter persuaded us to get our beers in the 40th anniversary collector's glasses.  When we got our check we asking if they could wash out the glasses to take with us.  Instead the waiter presented our check to us with a 2 handled bag and 2 boxes in it with clean brand new glasses in each.
Had a good dinner and our waiter was the best.
My date and I sat outside on the second level.  It offered a great view of the strip.

Service was prompt despite the crowd.  We didn't try the food.
LV Hard Rock was pretty. I loved the decor and ambiance. Seattle's newly acquired Hard Rock is nothing compared to LV's. We came just to hang out... no expectations really. Our waitress was really nice and had a good and appropriate sense of humor. She was very easy to chit-chat with and answered all my questions about Vegas.

We had some drinks, nachos and greek salad. All were solid. The bill was gut-wrenching though... $100+ for not a lot of stuff. But it was vacation and it's Vegas, so no biggie!
It's been a while since I've eaten in a Hard Rock Cafe. We had tickets to see a band in their showroom upstairs, so we decided to grab some drinks and grub before the show.
Staff was great, fun, and helpful. Music playing in the background is loud but not too loud. You can't help but sing along. Drinks are yummy but expensive but thats to be expected. Our food was average it was tasty but needed some tweeking.
We got the Twisted Mac and Cheese and a side of French Fries. Love the mac and cheese and the garlic toast it came with, chicken was dry and plain. Fries were ok, could be crispier, most likely frozen. Friends got the chicken fingers and a salad, they looked good, and all the food was consumed without complaints.
Now don't go to The Hard Rock Cafe for a terrific meal, it's more about the experience.
Geez what to say about this place, Big love to the way it looks.
Has a the WOW factor for sure, yes is a tourist place, but its the Hard Rock what do you expect.
It has the clothes/retail store on the ground level and if you go up the stairs you have the cafe. 

I love Hard Rock stuff, T-shirts, mugs, key rings ect...The clothes and retail items aren't really that expensive, BUT go upstairs and be prepared.

I got a Sandwich and coke and my wife got chicken strips and fries with an ice T. lets just say filling up the Envoy was cheaper.

If it's just to shop around this place is GREAT, as for food shoot over the road!! you'll love it there.

Cheers

GO HERE (not for the food though)
We loved this place.......the decor was great.....our server Gretchen was awesome.she sat down with us chatted ..she was fast ...music was good..food was great not a long wait food was hot and freshly made. I had the twisted mac and cheese it was sooooooo good. Hubby had the chicken Marsala he loved it :) We returned a few days later for lunch caused we liked it so much :) I would recommed this place and prices where very reasonable .
This place is refreshing compared to House of Blues. Relaxed staff, very helpful and friendly. And good food. HOB food has Always sucked. The load-in is no fun here at the Hard Rock Cafe. Up a flight of stairs, down a couple of hallways... The merch area is awesome! Overall, Hard Rock Cafe rules!
I recently popped into the new Hard Rock Cafe on the strip to see musical talents The Reverend Horton Heat and Nashville Pussy and I was decently pleased with the venue.  For starters, the sound was better than other Hard Rock locations that I've been to and the layout of the place was  spacious and inviting, allowing a patron to see everything everywhere, no matter what room one might be standing in.  They had some very cool memorabilia on the walls, just as we've all come to expect of the Hard Rock, except this time it appears that they put a lot more thought into the color schemes than what I've seen before.
The bar had a great selection and surprisingly reasonable prices - considering its high profile location - and that was pretty much the icing on the cake for ensuring my return.
Dear HRC Security:

When escorting patrons from the premises for "dancing roughly," please do not use them as a battering ram though the crowd of people trying to watch the show. It is not fun having to dodge a person being shoved in your face by a security guard. In fact, while you're at it, get over yourself and let people enjoy a show and dance a little without flipping out that they might bump into someone. This is the "Hard Rock Cafe," not the "Slow Jazz Cafe." 

Thanks!
Jennifer B.

P.S. Just want to add, the sound quality here is amazing, so it's such a bummer that it's hard to enjoy the show because of outside staff. The actual HRC staff that took our tickets and screened our bags were so incredibly nice.
I stopped here for breakfast while spending a weekend in Vegas. I was a bit scared about eating here at first but as soon as I walked in,  the place looked great and the staff were very friendly.  My main concern was being able to enjoy a mimosa - which they were serving.  The place is great, I really enjoyed sitting close to the bar and being able to watch all of the football games on big screen tv's surrounding the bar.  Their breakfast selection was limited but good enough.  I had the classic egg, toast, bacon and sausage dish I believe and my friend had a breakfast burrito. I was surprised it was a good breakfast. The friendly & attentive staff really helped make this place enjoyable.  I'd like to go back there during the night when they have a live band because their stage looked pretty awesome with those big amps. The only small thing I did mind was how cold it was, then again it was really hot outside so it wasn't a big deal to me.
If you want to feel like a rock star  you should make sure that you're lucky enough to get Amy to complete your Hard Rock Cafe experience while in Vegas.  Her personality was the olive in the martini.

The food did not disappoint either. I had the Haystack Chicken Salad with grilled chicken and my friend had the club sandwich, which was sizable and yummy. The salad was scrumptious and the dressing was perfectly mixed in.  

The decor was classic Hard Rock Cafe and so was the experience!
I love this location!! 

Awesome strawberry lemonade with vodka (I think), delicious fish and chips, and touch screen TVs at your table so you can look at handwritten lyrics and choose the next song.

Great waiter, and delicious food.
2 the food was meh (i had the appetizers combo) but the music was good. There was no line which was also a big perk. Apparently the pulled pork sandwich was good and the burgers looked really good as well. I wouldn't recommend the appetizers platter or the bbq platter though.
Food is pretty average but the ambiance and service is great. My dad is law was loving the music and videos that were playing and walking down memory lane. It was adorable!

We tried:
Appetiser sampler - massive portion. Onion rings were very good, potato skins & wings were ok. Everything else was meh...
Pull pork sandwich - surprisingly delicious
BBQ trio - the chicken was amazing! smoky, grilled and so tender. The pull pork sandwich was good. Ribs were disappointing and dry
Fries - Not bad.
Mango Tango - pretty tasty and refreshing

Good for a quite bite and place to catch up since it is such a casual place with decent food.
I wast here to attend the Tuesday Blend event.

The security was not the smartest bunch. The ID checkers let in SO many underage people, simply because they couldn't do math correctly. I am not really complaining, because I have underage friends, but still... it was kind of funny.

There were 2 guards in particular who were constantly checking Kalila for a 21+ wristband even after she had repeated showed it to him so many times.

The venue served its purpose and we had a good time, but that was thanks to the people who came out and our friends who produce the event. As far as I'm concerned the HRC was a good sized venue with annoying security (except for the guy next to the escalators downstairs -- he was cool).
Loved it here, server was awesome, food was awesome .
We ended up eating outside as it was our first night in Vegas and we wanted to take it all in.  I ordered a shrimp caesar salad that was awesome.  Don't remember what my boyfriend had but he enjoyed his too.  The service was friendly and accommodating!  It was pretty chilly outside so they moved the tables around so we would be warm and under one of the outdoor heaters.
Had the fish and chips and it was excellent.  Service was really good and the all the staff were very pleasant.
This was my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe, and I was excited about it. I mean, so much hype! We went to the one that wasn't on the strip, which was good because there was plenty of parking and not crowded at all. We ordered mixed drinks, which were fine besides the price. Then we ordered burgers- you know, typical cheeseburgers with bacon. I don't really know what happened. They were dry and didn't have great flavor. I didn't think you could mess up a burger, but just wasn't great. Service was fine, drinks were tasty and the ambiance is fun. But Vegas has WAY better food elsewhere for better prices.
First, the food I had here was AMAZING.  My burger was SOOOOO good.  The problem was the service.

We went here for lunch on a weekday, probably around 11am (it was early and lunch had just started).  We were STARVING, which is why we were eating on the strip in the first place.

There were only three tables, including us.  The place was pretty much empty.

After being seated with menus, we were deserted.  We did not see another employee for at least 20 minutes, and when we managed to flag him down and ask where our server was (I mean, it's not like they were busy), he said that he'd go get our server.  It was a while later before the server finally showed up to take our order.

Again, we were starving.

After ordering, it happened all over again.  We thought that, surely, after leaving us with NO service after being seated they'd be attentive and get our order through fast.  (Still, only about three tables were seated, including us).  Boy were we wrong!  Our orders took FOR EVER.  A table that had arrived about ten minutes after us paid their bill and left about ten minutes before the food ever showed up.  I haven't experienced that kind of wait at any restaurant on a busy night on the strip ever.

After having to hunt down our food, we finally ate and our server apologized for the delay.  We were very dissatisfied and when he brought the bill he said he'd apply his employee discount to make up for the bad service, but that was all he could do.  His discount was 5%.  Meh.  It was pretty expensive anyway (being on the strip) and little that discount didn't really rectify much.  Also, I figure places like these usually have coupons or gift cards or something to give out in a situation like this and we didn't get anything like that.

The only reason this is two stars instead of one is that 1) the food was insane and 2) at least the server made some kind of tiny effort to acknowledge our bad experience by giving the slight discount.  But I still can't get what the delay was.  Maybe their server was also the chef.  And the hostess.  And the bartender.  And the janitor.  And the guy out front entertaining pedestrians...
It's not so much the food I come here for but the atmosphere. If you're a rocknroll fan, this place'd be like heaven on earth. They've got televisions surrounding the neon lighted bar blasting MTVs of bands from Beatles, to Queen to Maroon 5, celebrity memorabillia lining up the walls. I had a lot of fun checking out the original animated cell from the Beatles yellow submarine cartoon! Food and service was good, reasonably priced and comfortable. Everyone's really nice!
I recently stayed at the Aria on a family trip to Las Vegas. I took my parents here for our last dinner. I think it was the best meal that we got our money while on The Strip.

Pros
-Our waitress was a superstar. She was ridiculously friendly and positive, even with my gloomy Asian father. She came to check up on us at least every 10 minutes, and never let our glasses get half empty. I don't give a lot of 20% tips, but I didn't need to think twice about this one.
-Entertainment at the table! We were seated at a booth, and attached to the wall was a touch-screen that let you could flip through musical memorabilia and look at anything from Britney Spears' waitress getup in her Crazy video to the local newspaper after Lennon's death.
-The music, of course! I feel pretty odd commenting on this obvious aspect, but the music was loud enough for me and not too loud for my parents.
-$4 for my Groupie Grind! Recommended to me by my waitress. Pina colada mix with mango and strawberry puree. MMMMmmmmm...Oh, for some odd reason there were no prices on the drink menu. I was surprised when I saw the check that my fabulous slushie was just $4 and my mom's fountain drink (I think she got Sierra Mist) was something like $3.50. Moral of the story: Treat yourself to a special drink!
-Beer battered Fish n Chips. I don't even like fish, but it was so darn crispy that we all stole some of mom's food.

Just OK:
-Cobb salad. A typical and ordinary Cobb salad. Enough to fill me up, but didn't leave me feeling overstuffed. IMO, a good dish if you're not famished and you want to leave a little room to try other foods. I was also eyeing the Anti-Cobb, so maybe I'll try that next time.

Cons:
-They make you take a picture with a drum set and guitars when you come in. Fun if you're going with friends, awkward when you're there with your already uncomfortable Asian parents.

Overall:
Great service, great atmosphere, good prices and generous portions. If you're stuck on The Strip, this is one of your better options for food.
On se sent toujours un peu petit quand on est face  une guitare de 12 mtres de haut.
Trs trs bonne musique, et public au rendez-vous.
I was really skeptical about this place, considering it's a big chain. One of my buddies works here and has been hounding me to come in visit. So I finally did last night. I was pretty impressed. The decor is pretty hip, just like the casino itself. They had a separate menu for some specials they had. We ended up ordering from that menu. For an appetizer we have bacon wrapped jalapeno's. I thought this was gonna be a run of the mill popper, but it was actually a whole jalapeno stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon. It was AMAZING! And super spicy, which is how I like it! For dinner, I had the filet mignon and asked to add on blue cheese, which was not a problem at all. It was super good. My boyfriend got the fish n' chips, which is odd cause he hates seafood, but he enjoyed it. The drinks are kind of pricey, but hey, it's the strip so it's not uncommon. My friend gave us a deal on the food, which even sweetened the whole dinner!
I went here last weekend for dinner with a friend before seeing a show.  The price was as expected, averaging between $15-25.  The service was great.  We were seated right away and our server was funny and helpful.  He kept checking on us to make sure we had everything we needed and two different managers came by to see that we were satisfied.  The food was delicious.  I was a little upset because I substituted a side for the twisted mac and cheese and was not informed that it was a $5 upcharge.  However, I made a small comment about this and it was immediately resolved with an apology and a comp, no questions asked.  Overall, I would definitely return here if I am looking for a nice night out!
Finally went here on a recent trip to Vegas. Started off with some skins, they were good. Then my drink came, I can't remember the name of it but our waitress recommended it to me and I said what the hey I'll try it. It was amazing. I got the Local Legendary Burger, I'm going to put this out there for the whole yelp world to see. That was by far one of the best burgers I've had in my life. It was so light, yet so filling and cooked PERFECTLY. Your waitress was amazing. So sweet and so willing to suggest her favorites. The only thing I really can complain about is the price...but its Vegas...you expect that.

I can't wait to come back here and try something else out :-)
My girlfriend and I (under 21) went to Las Vegas a few months ago, and on one long day on the strip we decided to stop in for lunch, despite the fact that we knew eating on the strip would be pricey. We were not disappointed. The service was better than any we had received that trip, and the food was delicious as well. We sat outside and enjoyed our food while we watched the busy strip go by. I would definitely recommend this place.
I went to a concert at the Hard Rock on the Strip last night.  It was my first time to this one.  I have to say, I am impressed.  The third floor venue is a bit of a hike for a lazy bum like me.  I took the stairs though there is an optional elevator.  I was concered how the concert was going to be pulled off given the nature of the act.  I saw GWAR, a group known for eleborate stage shows that saturate the audience, floor and surrounding areas with a red simulated blood and green slime.  I noticed when I walked in the memorabilia walls and support columns were wrapped in plastic sheets.  Smart move.  Security was tight upon entering.  Everybody had to take everything out of their pockets and get patted down and wanded.  It took a while (think busy airport) but I felt safe.  During the show security guards were taking down crowd surfing drunks.  It was entertaining.  Over all, the concert venue at the Hard Rock is like a bigger, cleaner and more modern looking version of the House of Blues at Mandalay Bay.  They have very similar set ups.  Down side of the eveing, the cheapest beer was PBR for $5.  That is a lot to pay for a pint of PBR.  That complaint aside, I had a great time for a great price (ticket cost).  I plan to go back if they continue to bring in the good acts.
saw thrice perform their farewell tour here.

really awesome concert venue. spacious. not overcrowded and stage is situated that everyone is able to see everything!

hope to attend more concerts here in the future.
Went to see SEE-I a Regee band from Seattle, Washington who was supposed to start at 9PM on Sunday, they started at 10:15PM. Their Las Vegas local warm-up band was gastly. Oneness Vibe, the led singer needs to take voice lessons and sing on key, as did the other male singer. If they would have never sang a word we could have said they were fair. They filled in for 1hr of base drum unnecessarily loud pounding, & poor audio feedback, (*I played the drums in college)  which needed a decent sound man to fix. See-I's led 2-singers were good. 

The hall on the 3rd floor has nice Rock & Roll stuff. Lots of guitars from big stars, shirts, outfits and more. Nice view of the strip in the corner, no tables there. Both bands were way too loud on the drum audio. Never a good sound mixer when you need one. The lobby ground floor has a huge selection of shirt with stars on them mostly Hard Rock Cafe stuff. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor, I ate their once and it was good, but over-priced. 

This place has no parking so you will need to park at the Monte Carlo, New York~New York or MGM lots for free parking. I parked next to the Monte Carlo in the NY~NY lot and walked across the street.
Went in with a large party and was seated rather quickly. The atmosphere was great, the view was great the service was OUTSTANDING and the food was delicious. Clean and packed with happy customers and staff. Second time there and I will go back.
great spot to launch yelp spring break. server Steven is fun and friendly.

--ultimate long island. whew! heygetchabuzzon!!
--themed cocktail double shots for yelp. yahoooo!! thankyoumayihaveanother!!
--nice patio overlooking the tourists and costumed entertainers below
--huge bright windows in the bar facing a gigantic puckering girl with demon fingers clutching a coke bottle. weird! smooch!

but the food... :(
#fried jalpenos squirted full of of pink goo, crumby coat blech
#pork belly sliders; few dry slivers inside a huge doughey roll. blech
#tacos skewered together holding on for dear life, tortillas cakey processed blech
#wings dry and faded, could i get some goddam bleu cheese in this bleu cheese dressing?!!!

and don't forget you're in merchandising, chain restaurant hell.
#dude strips down to try on t-shirt as you walk by. no one even flinches.
#two-for-one shirts, and ads for the same everywhere, even handed to you in case you missed the signs

thanks to steven and pals for a fun afternoon. enjoy the yelp sunglasses!
Sat down for a drink and a bite after checking in for Yelp Spring Break events.

The good: Charlie, our waiter, was very personable, and attentive.

The bad: The pork sliders (which were on special for Yelpers) consisted of a slice of pork tossed on a roll, with some sort of basil-sprout-looking things. They were Mohave-style-DRY.

The you-gotta-be-kidding-me: $6.30 for a pint of Sam Adams.
Michael was an AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME WAITER!!!!! (50 stars for him). 

However, the food was HORRIBLE!  My taco was BAD!  The meat was cold, the tortilla was cold, and the whole thing was just COLD AND BLAND. Blah, not worth my $10.00 @ all.
Came here for drinks. The bar and restaurant are on the second floor. They have an outdoor patio with an awesome strip view. Their mixed drinks were quite good. One thing that is +/- is that to exit you will have to pass through the gift shop. It's great if you are looking to get some souvenirs on your way out.Not so great if you are just going outside.
We are here for Yelp Elite Vegas. Normally, my group would probably not stop here to grab a bite to eat as one thing we try to be is adventurous. But as a sponsor to our great gathering, you get our gratitude and our business.

Most will probably not see the same menu that us Yelpers saw at the prices we saw, but I'll be blunt and say it was pretty much happy hour dishes at higher than usual prices. Yes, we are in Vegas, but if you are not going to be a buffet or fancy then you better be cheap.

Oh Hard Rock food, I have a 3 star feeling about you:

-=-Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders-=- Too bready for the meat and flavor content. Pork Belly is so yummy when it leaks it's juices all over your bread. Wasn't the case here.

-=-Braised Short Rib Tacos-=- They weren't stuffed by any means, but I felt were the most tasty of the bunch. The bites into these were the most enjoyable I had for this meal.

-=-Nacho Mama Fried Jalapenos-=- These were a crispy surprise, but then again you dip anything in ranch and I'm a fan. Dip my napkin in ranch and I'd probably faint.

-=-Twisted Mac and Cheese-=- We ordered this outside of the Yelp menu. It was all tons of cheesy. For what it was, without meat additives (ignoring the chicken on top, doesn't count), it was a good blend, but was still missing something. Can't put a finger to it.

Oh Michael, so awesome you were as our server. You were 5 star awesome. The Yelp Elites were in town and you delivered. We'll be sure to post of our group photo here. I hope our other Yelp Elites were able to have the pleasure as well.
Before standing at the ready to greet and assist fellow Yelpers registering for Spring Break, I enjoyed my first lunch inside the Hard Rock Cafe on The Strip.  It has less rock memorabilia on its walls than the HRC adjacent to the Hard Rock Hotel on Paradise, but is more elegant, plus features a dynamite second level patio overlooking other Strip properties, and a large third floor suitable for concerts.

But I was here to try the vaunted HRC hamburger, and was not let down by the 6 oz. Classic Burger with bacon and Cheddar Cheese added, and accompanying fries.  This was the small variety of burger, but it was large enough for me.  

Although it took awhile to get made medium rare as ordered, once my sandwich arrived it was a fine burger.  Deconstructing its contents, it consisted of cold pickle chips, a good slice of ripe red tomato, green leafy lettuce, Red Onion circles, a warm charbroiled hamburger patty, a soft bready bun, very tasty bacon, and nicely melted orange Cheddar Cheese.  The fries were neither thin nor fat, and tasted just fine with the juicy Bacon Cheeseburger.  Service was friendly and professional.

It was an enjoyable lunch in a very cool setting, and I look forward to a return visit.
Out of all the times I've visited Vegas, I've never stepped foot into this HRC until now. Downstairs you have your memorabilia and upstairs you have the cafe/bar.

Came here with some friends. We were given comped drinks at the bar. Our bartenders were hilarious!!! They were interactive, personable and very courteous. Spacious and some seating you have the view of the strip. Fun to people watch. 

Strong drinks and fun ambiance.
The three cheese Burger is beyond the experience of any regular cheeseburger and let me say I have had many Cheeseburgers.

Enjoyed my lunch very much at the bar, watching music rock videos of all eras.

The service was very pleasant too.

They also have original Elvis' outfits for public view.
The first pit stop  for Yelp spring break, I decided to eat here after registering.

My fiancee cashed in on her free cocktail, and we ordered the ten dollar specials. One was the Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders(3) with Tomatillo Jam, Micro Cilantro and the other was the Braised Short Rib Tacos(3) with Frenso & Corn Slaw, Cilantro Lime Aoili. Both sounded pretty good.

The cocktail was super weak. I get Asian glow easily and this cocktail did nothing to me. Maybe because it was free? As for the sliders, I actually did enjoy them, though the jam was a bit on the sweet side. We just used some of the guacamole from the taco dish and it made the sliders amazing, haha. As for the tacos, they're just standard tacos. Not bad at all, but not amazing.

Service was a bit too... perky for my tastes. Waitress was definitely nice, but I can only handle so much bubbliness. Probably awesome if you're bringing a family here, though, so not factoring it into my rating.

But mainly, Hard Rock Cafe gets 3 stars for 3 star food. Though I have no idea why a cafe about Rock was bumping Skrillex.
3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the drinks, 5 stars for the atmosphere,10 stars for our server, Michael! Math has never been my best subject, but I am going to say that's a solid 4. 

Honestly, I normally wouldn't come to a chain in Vegas.... but this was the Yelp Spring Break headquarters and we were enticed by the $10 lunch menu for us. Since we were checking in here anyway, we decided to check it out. 

- Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders - They were decent, but the bread/filling ratio was off and I thought the pork was much much too sweet. Still tasty though. 
- Braised Short Rib Tacos - My favorite! Great combination of flavors, perfect short ribs, and the dipping sauces were a great match. 
- Nacho Mama Fried Jalapenos - We were warned they would be spicy, but they were overwhelmingly so! I loved the crispiness and the way they were loaded with cream cheese, but I can usually handle spicy and couldn't handle much more than a few bites of these. 
- Twisted Mac and Cheese - This wasn't on the Yelp menu, but who can resist mac and cheese? This one was a little different, with buffalo sauce added (which I wouldn't have been able to tell, had we not been told). It gave it an extra interesting little kick, and the dish was creamy, cheesy, and gooey, they way it should be. 

The dishes were more tapas style/samplers than the lunch specials advertised, but it was still cool to check out a place that none of us had been to. The free drink tickets from Yelp made it more than worthwhile too.... our Bacardi Torched Cherry cocktails were refreshing and strong. 

Michael was personable, hilarious, and enthusiastic. He really wanted us to enjoy our whole experience there, and he was beyond great. He gave some great drink recommendations to my drinking-partner-and-crime and I: their version of a Long Island and another SoCo-based sweet drink. Both highly recommended. 

Would I come back? Hard Rock was an excellent sponsor and host for our event, and a great atmosphere to get the party started. The fantastic service would bring me back, and also my discovery of the patio...... the front of the dining area is a huge, shaded patio with a view of the whole Strip and Bellagio fountains. Great place to grab some drinks and get into the Vegas spirit.
I thought this would be an easy good meal, theres always something i like here. I tried the chicken tacos and my hubby got a burger. My tacos all had a few pieces of chicken, mostly lettuce and cheese, and the chicken was clearly frozen kind that turned rock hard during cooking and who knows if it was really chicken. My husbands burger was overcooked as well. The only reason id come back is for the good drinks, and twisted mac n cheese, bravo on those 2 items. Guess you could be a late nite stop for drinks and a a heaping plate of mac!
Was here for a private event w/open bar. Liked the cover band that was performing on the concert stage, which has a decent-sized dancefloor. Bartenders were fun and make decent drinks. 

Love the large upstairs patio with seating - overlooks the Strip, fantastic view.
For a few days, the Hard Rock Cafe was Yelp's base camp for checking into Yelp Spring Break. Upon entering, the 1st floor is all merch. Virtually any conceivable trinket, souvenir, or swag emblazoned with the Hard Rock Cafe logo is down there somewhere.

Yelp's check-in & the "cafe" portion of Hard Rock Cafe were upstairs. With checking into YSB came voucher tickets for a free Bacardi Torched Cherry cocktail at the Hard Rock Cafe bar. Go to the bar for a free drink? Don't gotta ask me twice...

So, the girlfriend & I sidled up to the bar. Service was extremely friendly & we got our cocktails in a jiffy. While sipping our refreshingly free drinks, we noticed a small menu of items specifically for Yelp: Pork Belly Sliders, Braised Short Rib Tacos & Fried Stuffed Jalapenos.

I ordered all 3 to sample. Our food was taking a while, but our bartender went back to check it out & we had our order shortly after. The Tacos & the Jalapenos were excellent, flavorful, nicely spicy & were served with knockout delicious dipping sauces. Comparatively, the Pork Belly Sliders were a little bland.

All 3 dishes were tapa-sized, so there was room for dessert. We got the Caramel Xango. Oh. My. God! Now that alone was worth walking into the building for. Cheesecake wrapped in tortilla, deep-fried, & then served with whipped cream + caramel & strawberry sauces drizzled all over everything. Wow.

While chewing & sipping, we took in the Hard Rock ambiance. Lots of glass & steel with plenty music memorabilia throughout. It's pretty cool. For the most part the food was pretty good too & service was top notch. After squaring the tab, we exited the same way we came in, through the gift shop.
came here mega hungover for breakfast after attending a late-night vegas wedding. the place was super empty around 9.30am - not too surprising as i'm sure most people were still out from the night before or too hungover to move.

breakfast menu was pretty slim, maybe 5 or 6 options but the waitress said many of the normal menu items could be prepared if we asked. i ordered a standard breakfast for $10.85 - eggs, bacon, toast, and potatoes. everything was great minus the bacon - a crazy thick layer of pepper and salt covered it. totalllllly gross. bacon doesn't need seasoning! it's great on its own!

service was fine, food came out fast, and it was more reasonably priced than i expected. it's good if you're in a hurry to get on the road, but if you're not in a time crunch, i suggest heading over to the strip for an amazing brunch buffet instead.
I had only been to the Hard Rock Cafe in los angeles and honestly my experience wasnt the best, so when my friend wanted to eat here in vegas i was hesitant but decided to give it a try. So we walked in the store and up to the second level where we were greeted and taken a picture of that would later be offered for us to buy...
They seated us quickly which was nice since the place looked pretty busy for a tuesday afternoon. 
I tried not to get seduced just by the nice decor and the great music, but i couldnt help it, the music was great. Our waiter was a super cool/nice guy that came and sat with us as he took our order. My friend was hesitant as to what to order and he suggested The Texan sandwich, my friend loved it! I ordered the simple burger which was good, we got a LOT of fries as well, i couldnt finish my meal. 
The place is not expensive, the food is decent, the waiters are helpful and fun, and the music just sets the whole ambiance, if you like rock that is. I can honestly say they changed my mind and i would come here again.
Over priced! Terrible service! Not worth the trip- go somewhere else...
I've been to the Hard Rock for three different types of experiences: dining, special event, and concert. This is definitely a world class Hard Rock Cafe. From the interactive screens at the lobby, and select tables, to the decor and the staff. 

The food is pretty consistent, and they have good options for those with dietary restrictions. 

As a local, I found the staff to be very accommodating to both locals and tourists. I witnessed the staff giving genuine recommendations to tourists, and joking around with the occasional local that stops by. 

Beyond the typical HRC experience, I've been very impressed with the concert venue on the top floor. I've seen both international acts and local acts in the concert hall. During concerts the venue is very intimate, and there is not a bad seat (mostly standing room, but you get the idea) in the house save the area behind the bar that overlooks the strip. 

The sound is good, not the best I've seen, but for the type of venue it is more than adequate. 

I look forward to concerts at the HRC because the parking is easy (just park in the Showcase mall, you have to pay, but it is worth it), and you can always see the band. The security can be a little hardcore (patting down kids at an all ages show), but as far as small venues go on the Strip, this one is outstanding.
I'm a fan of Hard Rock Cafe in general, but this one is definitely awesome.  My bartender was nice, and really fun.  The food was reasonably priced, delicious, and out pretty quick.  

It was late on a Friday night, and I had just come in off a long stint on the road (drove in from Barstow, but thanks to an overturned semi that drive took a little over 5 hours), so I was just happy to find a place still serving dinner.  I was even more delighted that it was a relaxed atmosphere where I could have a few drinks before heading out onto the strip.  I was having a bad night when I walked in, and a good night by the time I walked out - so I'd say it was worth it.
This is an awesome place to hang out on a day like this.  When it's hot out and you can't stand to be inside a casino or out on the strip.  Hard Rock Cafe has an awesome menu and stocked bar complete with mini stage for the occasional impromptu concert.  Try the burgers.  This location is located near the MGM and Ross Dress for Less.  Look for the giant electric guitar.  As a bonus, at any given time of day, you'll see your favorite celebrity impersonators out front.
SHOUTOUT TO FRANCIS!

He was probably the most legit host ever. 

We were asked to finish our yardsticks before we were seated, so he hung out with us before showing us to our table.  Being from Portland, we had to explain to him that the show "Portlandia" is based off of how Portland really is, versus just silly jokes.  And since Vegas is such a tourist spot, we totally dig being asked where we're from and the person that asked RELATING versus just saying, "Cool" or something else to the degree of "we don't care, we're just paid to ask."

Anyways, he seriously made our night. He was geniunely friendly, and just such a fun way to start off the meal.  The food was spendy for being nothing all that special, so maybe if we were seated by anyone else, we wouldn't have enjoyed Hard Rock as much... But Francis was legit.
This is a review of this Hard Rock as a concert venue only. 

Having not been to this location previously - I downloaded directions from the Hard Rock's website. The parking situation sounded tricky - and it was. The fact that the directions provided were incorrect didn't help. Parking for the venue is in the parking garage for the Showcase Mall - and costs 3.00 (cash only) to boot. Paying for parking is unheard of on The Strip! 

OK - so once we find the parking lot, pay and park - the elevator dumps you out on a side street. About a block away from the entrance. We started walking toward Las Vegas Blvd. and slowly realized that all these people waiting in line were waiting to get into the venue. This is where it gets silly. 

In order to get into the concert venue one needs to:
1. Wait outside in line in the desert heat.
2. Once you get past the first staggered security point - you're released by the security guard to walk down the public sidewalk (with everyone else that just happens to be strolling the strip unimpeded) to the entrance to the Hard Rock Store. You walk through the store - right through all the shoppers to three flights of steep stairs. All the while, there is nothing to keep random people that haven't waited in line from joining your group on the way (as one girl did - slipping into our group right behind us). So, lesson number one - only suckers wait in line...
3. It took about 45 minutes total to get into the venue - and we arrived at posted start time. Luckily, the show started late so we didn't miss any of the show.

Once we got inside, the venue actually wasn't bad. The sound was decent and although the place holds 1100 people - it still manages to feel intimate. In keeping with Hard Rock tradition - the artifacts and historical exhibits were well done and cool. Drinks are at Strip club price - $16.00 a round for a bourbon & coke and a Miller Light.

All I can say is, I've been a musician and an avid rock show attendee for three decades now - and I'm sorry - but it's obvious to me that they built the venue with no consideration as to how a large audience would actually access the performance space on the 3rd floor. This major planning fail kind of set the tone for the night unfortunately...

UPDATE: I received a few very nice messages from Hard Rock management - and they'll be working to address the entrance issues and are hoping to make this location into a premiere Las Vegas music venue.  I can't wait to see what they can work out.
Wir waren mit einer groen Gruppe da (ca. 500+) 
Vom Platz war da immernoch einiges mglich und das Ambiente ist ber alles erhaben. Der Service knnte besser sein. Beim Abendbffet waren keine Mitarbeiter in unserem Bereich, nur an der Bar oder im Restaurant. So waren auch nachtrglich Fragen zum Essen (Saucen usw.) nicht mglich daher Punktabzug. Das Essen war dafr wiederum vielfltig und auch nicht zu teuer. Besonders Empfehlenswert Abends durch die Tarasse hat man einen schnen Ausblick auf den Las Vegas Strip.
Rib eye steak, Rack of Rib, Roasted Duck, Salmon, top off with fugde  sunday, Food and Service was Excellent !!!
I'm assuming this is the Hard Rock at Mandalay. I went for Breakfast one am. First off, they aren't open for breakfast until 8am, which I thought was more than strange considering the crazy hours one makes while in Vegas. I had jet lag during the trip and was eating breakfast at 630am and 730am and heck sometimes my friends weren't getting in til 9am! 

Anyway, I digress... I ordered the standard 2 egg breakfast. It was massive. 2 people could easily split it. My only issue is that it was crazy greasy...even for this southern girl. Maybe they make it that way for all the drunks who need the grease to soak up the alcohol but it just made me feel sick. They were nice enough to sub out the bread for fruit and there was a lot of it. Service was a bit slow also. Otherwise, great value for the money.
Decided to go here since we didn't know Diablos Cantina stopped serving food after 10, I'm really glad we came. The four of us decided on the sirloin medium well and it was delicious. Had a great view from the balcony outside, our server was really on point and super nice. Really enjoyed our meal here.
Simple : I ate the best Burger of my U.S trip there. And believe me, I have been to all kinds of burger venues. If you also visit the hard rock hotel this will be your rock museum of the journey !
Yes, there are now TWO Hard Rock Cafes in Vegas. The original Paradise/Harmon location (which is in front of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino), and this one, which is on the Las Vegas Strip itself. 

If you are not familiar with the Hard Rock Cafe chain of restaurants, you have clearly been living under a rock for the past few decades. Essentially, they combine great food and tons of awesome musical memorabilia and the like on display. These places are a music fan's dream come true. 

The Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip is unique because it is set up in a 3-story arrangement. The first floor and main entrance is the gift shop. The second floor is the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant itself. And the third floor is a bar/concert venue. 

As far as the concert venue goes, this place is excellent. I went in here for the first time the other night to see Dio Disciples, and the size of the venue is just right. It is intimate, but still manages to fit a ton of music fans. Plus the sound quality is excellent. You can stand by the stage, or go to the bar or a table/chair to sit down, so you'll be well off either way. There is even a balcony with a kick-ass view of the Strip exterior.

Most of my complaints with the place stem from the entrance/location/lines for shows/etc. Being on the Las Vegas Strip, just getting to the associated Showcase Mall parking garage can be a challenge (it costs $3 to park in this garage, but it is far and above your best option.) Finding the garage is tricky because the signs directing you there are so small and easy to miss. Likewise, to get into the show, we had to wait in a line, and the line actually went up a flight of stairs. Traversing stairs is fine, but being forced to wait on them in a crowd for long periods of time is not pleasant. Also, expect the full "being carded/pat down/metal detector" treatment. 

But all things considered, once you find the parking garage and a show that you want to go to, or even if you're just wandering the Strip and want to shop and eat, this place is great. Definitely worth your time, whether you're a local or a tourist.
This review will encompass experiences both at the restaurant and the music venue upstairs; I have never purchased anything from the gift store on the street level, so I implore you to look elsewhere for reviews for your over*priced tshirt, hat and commemorative pin-buying needs. 

There is no free parking for this property, so I usually park at the outside lot that Monte Carlo has (between MC and NY, NY), or earlier, when I had the patience to walk through the annoying MGM Grand, in that parking garage. MC is your best choice since it about a block to the door. 

Venue:
** out of *****
It's called Hard Rock. HARD rock. Someone explain to me why the first time I patronised this venue, for an AAF concert, they were tossing people out for consentingly mildly moshing. No one was crashing into anyone that wished not to participate. No one was going to fight. It was all supposed to be good fun. People were being tossed out. Keep that mind if you ever get the urge to do so, or if you are vehemently anti-people having fun and prefer for staff to throw people out for doing something that is normal at an AAF show. As I walked out of the venue, there were Metro police officers rushing up into the property; for what, who knows. Luckily, it was not kill-an-unarmed-civilian-night on the Gillespie calendar so everyone got off unscathed. 

I never stuck around to see another set from an artist/group that would generate moshing, so I do not know if this was an isolated policy incident. I have seen about a dozen or so other shows after my first here. 

As others have said, the search is fairly intensive for Las Vegas, but nothing intrusive. It's no big deal to me; those doing the searches are always pleasant and in great spirits/moods.  

Restaurant:
* out of *****
I ate 1/4 of a monster salad once; I cannot recall being asked if there was anything wrong with it (I probably was not), and when I was asked if I was done, I said yes (imagining [WRONGLY] that I would be presented with a box or that it was taken away to be brought back in a box) and it was taken and presumably put in the collection for the pig farm. The salad was quite good (for a place named 'Hard Rock') but I will never forgive my salad being thrown away as if I were some shithead tourist with the inability to take it home. Actually, I see shithead tourists with gigantic doggie bags all the time on the strip, so essentially I was treated worse than a shithead tourist. 

Never forget the death of my over*sized salad. 

Additionally pointless ancedote for those still reading: once I was brought a check that was a mere fraction of the bill I had incurred. A dinner for two (me) was confused with a small bar bill or something (not me), so instead of whatever I was supposed to be charged, I was given a SUB 10$ bill. Instead of being a dick and causing someone to be docked or worse (fired), I brought it up so that I could pay what was right. - E
I hadn't been to a Hard Rock Cafe in at least 8 years.  I didn't even know they were still around.  One thing is certain, they haven't changed much and that's OK.  The menu is still standard American fare.  The best part is the memorabilia on the walls. Hardly anyone was there when we went for brunch on a Sunday, so we were able to wander around the restaurant and look at the stuff to our heart's content.

My only beef was that they said they served breakfast/brunch but I didn't see any breakfast items on the menu.  Maybe we were too late, but doesn't brunch usually run until 2pm on Sundays?
*4 STARS for the patio view*

Enjoyed an early lunch here. Best place to eat on a nice warm day is on the patio. Food was okay, nothing out of the ordinary, but good enough to satisfy our hunger.  Can't really give a full review on the food because all I ordered was their potato skins. Again, pretty average...
I like the location.
3.5 STARS

Came here for a little get together for my company over the weekend. We had a private room on the third floor as a get together and served buffet style!

GRUB
*Tex-Mex Salad (okay)
*Asian inspired Salad (pass)
*Mash Potatoes (yum!)
*Mac & Cheese (uber yum!)
*Pulled Pork + Dinner Rolls (yum!)
*BBQ Chicken (okay)

SERVICE
+ Awesome service from staff members! Thank you for tending to everyone's drink requests!

The facility was clean and the set up was quite nice. I wouldn't mind recommending a group party here if you're looking for a venue! It's on the strip and nearby the MGM!
Had a get together for a friend.  I had the chicken Marsala, and the hubby had ribs.  The food was decent, and fairly priced, but the service was excellent.

Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and just plain awesome.  For example, I accidentally ordered a non-alcoholic drink, and asked for a shot of rum to add to it.  She brought me an entirely different drink.  That's gutsy.  But she made a good assessment of the drink I ordered and made a decision about what I might like.  Good choice, and great observation.  


The manager came by to check on us.  On his second check, a person at our table realized he didn't like his meal to no fault of the cafe, he just didn't like it.  His meal was promptly replaced, and offered a free shot.  Also, our sever handled our moderately sized party with grace and speed.  Kudos!
Friendly service. The rock shop knew how to use my coupon and new rewards card.
This review is for the place as a venue. 

I've been here before for a Yelp elite event and Motley Brews, but I caught a show ( ill.gates - church of bass) here recently. 

This HRC is one level retail, second a restaurant and the third floor is a music venue. I  like that it's a decent sized but still intimate. There's a large patio if you want some air as well which has a nice view of the whole strip. I am a old crab and in the back by the bar is a raised area with seating. I can't do this whole standing and squashed onto people type business anymore so when there is seating, I am way more happy. Sound is pretty good in here but depends on the setup can get loud in a small space. 

It was a fairly decent place for a beer fest, given that it wasn't too busy but this can be a clusterfuck if it was double the amount of people. 

Overall, good non club venue for music. 

(Yelp 100 Challenge 4/100)
The waitress was really good and I liked the atmosphere but the meal was quite pricey. I wouldn't have minded if the food had tasted better but but me and my wife thought the taste of the food was average at best.
i like how this place messed up my order but i was too hungover to realize. ended up getting 2 hamburgerz for da price of 1 ;) barely finished the first one so i took the other one, to-go. saw a bum outside so i gave it to him. the end.

drinks was amazing and got a souvenir cup! 
great customer service!!!
i think they messed up my order on purpose lol
The food was good.  This is what you would expect at a place like this.  They decorated with what you would expect in a place called Hard Rock Cafe.  It was just way too loud to hear anything.  After 30 minutes in the place, I felt like my head was ringing.  It is kind of hard to enjoy the food when you have a speaker over your head on full volume.  For the love of god, someone lower down the volume!!!
Das Hard
Rock Caf liegt am Strip in Las Vegas, in unmittelbarer Nhe vom Hotel Monte
Carlo. 
 (Siehe Foto unten) 
 (Siehe Foto unten) 
Wenn mglich, einen Platz am Fenster reservieren, von dem
man den Strip sehen kann. Das Essen, wir hatten alle Burger in
unterschiedlichen Varianten gewhlt, ware lecker. Die Preise sind fr Las
Vegas Verhltnisse ok. Auch Vegetarier werden auf der Speisekarte etwas finden.
Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und bediente uns zgig.
The breakfast burrito was great!  The coffee was great!  The service was slow, and inatentive...
It's on the strip in Vegas, so don't expect low prices or good service. We sat a the bar and the bartender let us sit for 10 minutes before talking to us. Her attitude was poor and she was not friendly. The food and wine were good. The restaurant had a average "Hard Rock" decor.
First time here, when you walk in they take your picture in front of a hard rock back drop, during your meal they find you with the printed pic of your group and ask if you  would like to purchase the 5X7 and two 4x6s for $20, kind of a rip of but assuming a lot of people do it.  Margaritas were good, about $15, at the end of your meal they give you your receipt and you go to the store downstairs and you get a "free" monogrammed margarita glass.. Kinda cool if you care about something like that?   The hamburger that they are supposedly known for kinda sucks.  The patty looks/tasted like it was microwaved and wasn't medium like we ordered it was def well done. The main reason we came here was the awesome outside seating and view of the strip! Def was a plus. Other than that beers were fairly priced and was a good time?
This was my first time at a hard rock cafe and I thought the concept was pretty cool. The food was decent; my hash browns were very good (but also full of bacon bits and onion).
Good food. I highly suggest the jumbo combo for your appetizer. The grilled chicken was amazing, really good charred taste. 

The general manager Greg brought us shots to our table which was really, it shows he cares and his customers. Our server Joy was also awesome as well, she took really good care of us. If you want good food and good customer service I highly suggest this place.
It was alright, there was a big menu but much of it was the samey samey.
Stopped in for dinner and ended up sitting at the bar because it was packed! Ordered some appetizers and got 2 dollar drafts because it was during a march madness game. That alone was worth it! Our bartenders Todd and Sunshine were great and gave us some good of strip locations to go to after dinner! I will definitely head back this way when I'm in town again.
Our food was delicious and the service was great! I enjoyed the California Chicken Club Sandwich and my friend had their Classic Macaroni and Cheese. Our waitress was very nice and we even received 20% off with our concert tickets to the show that night! My only complaint is that the menu is pricey but otherwise what a nice restaurant to stop by for dinner before seeing a live music show :)
Purple haze ask for it.
so we went here on a deal we heard of and a recommendation from a friend. I am so glad we did. My friend got a burger and said it was delicious. I got the cajun prawn pear salad and it was AMAZING!! We also sipped on some delicious mojitos.

Our waitress was patient, friendly, and helpful. I will be back the next time I am in vegas for sure.

It has been a long time since I had been in a Hard Rock and it was fun to see all the memorabilia. 

This is must do for some food on the strip.

Cheers!
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I find it funny that this place is advertised on yelp under "Canadian" I am Canadian and the food is more American than it is Canadian, especially in portions, menu items and preparation. The food is so so, however, I'm in it for the museum aspect of it and the cool rock star casino chips that you can buy at the cash out booth. I like looking at rock memorabilia. I am a bit of a music junkie to be honest, therefore, seeing cool guitars, costumes etc is a cheap free entertainment aspect on the strip. It's not actually on the Strip but slightly on the outskirts, almost a 20 minute walk. Our waitress was friendly and the prices were decent for what it was.
Enjoyed a burger and margarita on their outside patio on a lovely early April Las Vegas Day.  Burger was cooked to perfection and the margarita was fantastic!  Service was attentive and friendly.  

Would return!
Trs bon et accueil parfait
Sangria is nice...
Breakfast is gross. Like airplane food. I can't believe it!
I came here for a show.  The 10 year reunion of Finch's album "What it is to burn"

The Hard Rock gets 5 stars for hosting this show.  But really, if I could Yelp rate Finch I would give them the five.  Love this band, this show really took me back.  Sound was great!  Two days later and the hearing in my left ear is still not quite right.

The venue was small, not even a 1000 at capacity.  There were several hundred here for the show.  Good for getting up close.
We were greeted promptly and our picture taken . We were seated outside on the Patio , the waiter was having a great time with the table next to us . Then another couple came in and was seated . Waitress came over promptly and took there order . We waited 15 mins and no service! We left , we figure business must be pretty good that they let one get away ! Great disappointment !
I can only speak of the third floor concert venue, so you're on your own if you decide to actually eat at their restaurant. Godspeed!

It's definitely a good place to check out a show, particularly if it's general admission, as ours was. 

There will be confusion when you arrive and try to decide where they woud possibly have a concert in this damned t-shirt shop. Fear not. Walk to the back of the t-shirt shop and go up the stairs. The line will form beginning at the top of those stairs at second floor level (the restaurant).

Once the "doors" open, you'll move up another flight to the 3rd floor venue.

If the show is 21+ you *must* have ID. Yes, even you, you old son of a bitch. Even you. There's a pretty intense search, then you're in.

I hope your fellow audience members are as chicken shit as ours were. Most of them lingered in the back by the bar and windows, leaving the entire floor open for the taking. We opted to take about 15 square feet touching the stage, right in front of the lead singer's microphone. We saw Psychedelic Furs this night. I posted a pic taken from our piece of land. Pretty darned impressive! I never thought I'd have Richard Butler sweat on me, but I'll be damned if that didn't happen. 

The chicken shits soon realized, "oh, hey, it sure would be cool to be down there in front" and they tried to commandeer our space. No way, chumps.

Good acoustics. I wouldn't hesitate to see another show here.
Pretty good happy hour
A very nice waitress, very good food.

We were all recovering from the previous night (in Vegas, go figure), so we all needed a lot of water.  The waitress was kind enough to bring us a pitcher of water when one became available and was very sweet.

Of the four people in the party, three of the meals were delicious: blackened chicken pasta (x2) and a legendary burger.  The fourth, a veggie burger was "not good".  Otherwise, a fine way to spend an afternoon.
Awseome place with great food and awsome music. Especially like the ribs here.
Very good but cold when i received my food...
They bartender made a bomb Bloody Mary the female one not so much. The draft was frozen =0(
We stopped in here after a long day of shopping on the strip.  The food was great, but the service was WONDERFUL!!!  The waiters/waitresses are very personable and will bend over backwards to make you happy.  I would definitely go back.
Speaking as a vegetarian.  I felt that they didn't have enough options for me.  I was limited to like 3 items.  Boring!  It is a super spacious restaurant.  We sat close to the window, great view.

Our waiter always had this smile going on.  I knew it was fake, but it made me smile every time he came by our table.  Contagious.  There are a few celebrity props encased behind glass.  My guess that is the perk of all Hard Rock Cafes?  So I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here as a vegetarian, sorry Hard Rock.  You need to learn from The Yard House, bring in more veggie items.
Tolle Burger. Den besten Burger denich je gegessen habe. Mit in Honig angebratenem Speck. Die Preise sind natrlich etwas angehoben. Nettes Ambiente. Ein mu fr jeden Urlauber
I went here on my 31st birthday with my new boyfriend Dan. This trip was planned while I was in Iraq so it was super special. We didn't have a place planned to eat and it was not quite dinner time yet. With that said we got sat right away and had an amazing server. The food was also delicious. I had the fish and chips with teo long islands (birthday drinks) and I even got to take a souvenir glass and Dan had a burger. What is great about Las Vegas is if your not finished with your drink you can take it on the strip with you,  and that exactly what I did! 

This Hard Rock really has the best Rock 'n' Roll Memorabilia! While we didnt check any out they have shows as well. If you in Vegas and any kind of a music fan, which I am sure you are, check out this Hard Rock.
I have always wanted to eat here. I'm glad I finally made the effort.
It is beautifully decorated and clean. All the staff was attentive and friendly.

When we walked in we were greeted and offered to have our picture taken with the Hard Rock backdrop, which we did. Seated immediately, and our waitress was there quickly to get our drink order and came back with them to take our order.

Everyone's food and drinks were fabulous. We had a very nice lunch and the price was well worth the food and excellent service! 

I had the Avocado Salad, my niece has an avocado sandwich, my daughter and her boyfriend both had burgers. Again, all the food was delicious!

I recommend everyone put this place on your to do list the next time you go to Vegas. Enjoy all the memorabilia they have all over the walls, the music and videos they play that brings back memories and be sure to stop in their gift shop before you leave!
Everyone was super nice from the hostesses to the server! Food was great. They have an outdoor patio with a view of the strip great to people watch. The margaritas were kind of expensive at nearly $10 a drink but they are strong so well worth it.
Went for lunch around 11 am on a Saturday. Not too busy. Sat at the bar. No one approached us for the first 5 min or so. Finally the bartender,  Anthony,  took our order. However,  it took 40 minutes for our food to arrive. A manager came by to ask how we were doing. When we said we were still waiting for our food,  he said he didnt ask to hear us complain. After asking about our food twice,  Anthony finally brought it and didnt apologize or comp a drink or anything. It left a really bad taste in my mouth. Wont be going back.
First: Big ups to Yelp and giving me a 20% off food coupon on my phone after checking in at Hard Rock Caf.  We were in a group of 10 so that was big savings.  Showed it to the waiter and he applied the discount no problemo.

Food: Disappointing to say the least.  Pulled pork sandwich was dry and the bbq sauce was too sweet and overpowering.  I also observed my other friends who did not finish their food, not a good sign given that it was lunch and we were hungry. 

Drinks: had a large sized mojito which is supposed to have at least 3 shots.  Tasted like there was no booze at all.  My friend who got the same drink absolutely concurred.  Not happy.

Service: combined with the 20% off Yelp coupon, the service was the saving grace points of our visit.  Our guy was spot on, full of energy, would sing along with the tracks in the background and give us descriptions of the dishes.  Now if only the descriptions could turn into taste, it would have been a better experience.
Good food. Friendly staff. Memorabilia wasn't that great - my teenage daughter had never heard of most of them. 
Tip: Kids eat free sometimes, but you have to ask your server about it.
Bf and I dined at the Hard Rock Cafe on 8/20/13.  The service is blameless.  We ordered the ribs, which was very dry and even brittle in some areas.

We enjoyed being here on a week night.  We came to Vegas for MAGIC.  The Hard Rock Cafe was not as crowded.
I went here with my parents (Hi Guys!) and Wife (stop looking at me like that) and had a great time, the service was A-MAZ-ING and the food was nice, I think we were getting a little sick of burgers by then and needed a break.
Gorgeous restaurant, great view. Had a rockin' good time!
The server was attentive but getting the food was a little slow. The chicken nachos were awesome and the burgers were flavorful and cooked to perfection.
Breakfast is delicious, beware when they hand you "complimentary dough bites with strawberry sauce".  They're beyond stale and nasty.  Would go back for their food and service!
My bucket list is to attempt to visit all HRC locations!!  So, I'm now crossing off Las Vegas location!

I'm a big fan of the franchise and music, however, this location did not live up to its representation or as compared to other cafes.
Darn, I apparently missed the Yelp check in deal, because none showed up when I checked in!  Boo hoo!   But, it's okay, we were there for breakfast on a free gift card from our lodging location.  Did you know Hard Rock Cafe had breakfast??  I didn't even realize it until I got the gift card!  But, we ended up skipping the breakfast items and went straight for some comfort food after a hard night of drinking the night before!

I had the potato skins and they were pretty good.  You know potato skins are hit and miss, sometimes delish and other times nasty, these were good, some of them better than others and a fair amount of toppings (cheese bacon and onions) on top, served with sour cream.  It hit the spot though.

The husband had chicken tenders with spicy sauce and he did not complain.

Our server was friendly and attentive and we were in and out pretty quick.  

I'm a big fan of the Hard Rock locations because I LOVE the memorabilia, so I took a few minutes to walk around and peek at the goodies on the walls.  Good stuff and a good visit.  Will totally go back, especially since this location is just around the corner from my time share.
Decent food and drinks for happy hour took my boyfriend it was his first time. The wall  screen touch wall wasnt working so that sucked also this Hardrock was bland nothing like the one in Los Angeles. Waitress was nice big bar but it just didnt feel like a music restaurant at this location
This is for their NYE party.  Should have just walked around on the strip.  What a huge waste of money!  They had 1 hour of watered down red bull and vodka.  The set up was standing around unless you paid $800-$2400 for a table for 4.  This gave you a bottle of liquor and champagne.  They supposedly had hors d'oeuvres but all I ever saw was a empty plate come quickly by with the cranky employee carrying it.   The so called champagne toast was BS - they only gad enough for half of the guest and even came out too late with it anyways.  Regardless of the cost if you do something do it right!  The HR Cafe showed they only do things half a55!  Don't waste your money here as it will be better spent elsewhere!
I found this casino to be quite cool omg I found tons and tons of amazing memorabilia from Tupac to Johnny Cash to Dave Gahan and about a gazzilion other RockStars like Tommy Lee to Michael Jackson. The hotel blew me away the tons of memorabilia would keep me roaming about for days just tripping out on all the amazing stuff! I can't wait to come back, I was there for a concert and the hotel was pretty bitchen!!! I liked the casino the dealers seemed pretty cool and I enjoyed playing some table games at this casino. Over all I'm looking forward to returning soon!!! There on site arena for venues is called the joint and is really cool small about 1,500 capacity I would say and is state of the art lights and sounds and easy huge bars to get yours at, great place!!! Saw The Pet Shop Boys here 2013!!!!! And saw Jacques Lu Cont do a set that blew me away in stage!!!!! Such a cool venue for concerts here at this hotel!!!!
I found this casino to be quite cool omg I found tons and tons of amazing memorabilia from Tupac to Johnny Cash to Dave Gahan and about a gazzilion other RockStars like Tommy Lee to Michael Jackson. The hotel blew me away the tons of memorabilia would keep me roaming about for days just tripping out on all the amazing stuff! I can't wait to come back, I was there for a concert and the hotel was pretty bitchen!!! I liked the casino the dealers seemed pretty cool and I enjoyed playing some table games at this casino. Over all I'm looking forward to returning soon!!! There on site arena for venues is called the joint and is really cool small about 1,500 capacity I would say and is state of the art lights and sounds and easy huge bars to get yours at, great place!!! Saw The Pet Shop Boys here 2013!!!!! And saw Jacques Lu Cont do a set that blew me away on stage!!!!! Such a cool venue for concerts here at this hotel!!!! The place was called The Joint!
We had dinner there last night for my birthday. The waiter was not attentive at all. We were waiting for about 25 minutes before I finally flagged one down & asked him to wait on us. Then he stood behind me as I tried to ask him questions about the menu. I had to tell him I to come around because I couldn't twist anymore and I was uncomfortable.
Throughout the meal, we had to keep looking for him. He never once came to the table to ask if we needed anything. 
I told him that we needed to split the bill bc we had a large party. He brings the bills and put someone else's food on my bill. I brought this to his attention so he could correct it & he brought me back the same bill. I just paid the bill bc I was tired of dealing with him. Probably some of the worst service I've had ever. 

Asides from that, everything was a bit overpriced. I know it's off the strip but nothing was so phenomenal that was worth the high prices. 

The only thing that was good was the band.
We went to HRC in Las Vegas.  I guess it has been moved from the hotel to the strip which a very large two story facility's.  One of the largest I have ever been to.  If you sit outsie, do not sit outside around 3pm as the sun will be right in your face.  The staff as usual was absolutly terrific.  Very friendly and great to deal with.  The food was the usual ok.  We had the BBW three plate sampler.  A little over done, a little not done, typical HRC food.  You go there for the atmoshere, the scene, the pins and all things HRC!  It is awesome is is now on the strip!  :)
Had a nice time here. No wait at front. Seated us right outside on balcony. Staff was nice and friendly. Got out food very quick. Was nice and hot. Price was great. Will definitely come back again!
Das allererste Hard Rock Cafe meines Lebens - und auch das letzte. Was finden nur alle an diesem Laden? Ok da hngt ne echte goldene Schallplatte von irgendwem, aber ich geh doch eigentlich zum Essen dahin?

Wir hatten eine Super Jumbo Vorspeisenplatte. Die Chicken Wings eher drr und fr die unterste Schrfestufe sehr scharf. berbackene Kartoffeln bestanden im Wesentlichen aus Schale und dickem, teils schon harten Kse. Zwiebelringe gro, dick paniert und langweilig. Panierte Hhnchenbrust war ok. Dann noch ein paar Tacos, ohne groen Eindruck. Zum Glck hatten wir die zu viert, sonst wren wir schon jetzt satt.

Die Burger sahen ganz gut aus, meine Begleiter waren es zufrieden. Steak eines anderen Begleiters war zh, ich hatte Fish & Chips mit angebrannten, kalten Pommes und Fisch in einer Betonpanade, die kaum zu knacken war. Der Fisch selber war schon etwas ltlich.

Service war soweit ok, Besteck wurde hin und wieder vergessen zu bringen.
Wir saen oben auf dem Balkon, das war ein guter Standort, um den Strip zu betrachten, whrend wir unser freudloses Essen aen.
A group of friends and I visited the Hard Rock Cafe on the way to a party hosted upstairs in the bar.  Megan was our server and she is also known as Jacked & Tan.  I orderd the Chop Salad to get some healthy food in my system before a night of flipcup. The service was quick for a Thursday night. The employees have a great sense of humor.  I should mention that it was pretty cold sitting outside at 7:30pm on a Thursday in October.  The weather was a little cooler than previous years and while it looks nice to set outside in the evening, if you are from Southern California be sure to bring a sweater.  An hour or so later, I had polished off the salad and it was a good time to grab a beer and watch the band for the night.  Definitely a great place to have an event at, enjoy some food, make some new friends at, and skip the club drama.
There might exist a need to separate reviews now, being that the venue has its own name and therefore listing, and there was already reason for an update in any case. 

For those of you wondering, you can execute a review for the venue (Hard Rock Live as of 2013) for itself here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/hard-rock-live-las-vegas. 

The Hard Rock Cafe comprises three levels directly across from Monte Carlo's Diablo's Cantina on the strip. First floor is a merch store and box office (for HRL); second floor is the restaurant/bar; and, the third floor is a venue/bar known now as Hard Rock Live. There is memorabilia on all three floors. 

This review will strictly be for the restaurant -- being that I have never purchased any merch -- and, the venue has its own listing where one can leave a rating (mine: 3 ). So here goes ...

Food is just alright; and the view is nice if you get seated with one. I have had salads (monstrous in size); burgers (usually cooked to the incorrect specified temperature [charred like a motherfucker]); and, fries (just fries: nothing special). In fact, the entire restaurant can be summed up to just that: Nothing Special. 

Pro Tip: there is usually a coupon for money off of one's cheque in those Vegas2Go magazines found all around the strip corridor. They are small (brochure-sized) and red and white. - E
Well it was a little over priced but for a metalhead it's like candyland.
You get to see the guitars of Steve Vai, Van Helen,Steve Howe,Paul Stanley and so many more.
And the bartender was one of coolest guy ever.
Travis, you are pretty awesome. As it was our first time in Vegas and we asked him to  let us know about some place where we can pick up girls. And he wrote down 3-4 clubs for us. And even gave us complimentary drinks. Thumbs up for Travis.

Though one thing i didn't understand, Why the hell there was a Britney Spears' mannequin in the hardrock cafe ??

Regards from Badass Beard Brothers from India.
\m/
I honestly was not expecting much coming here, just a typical burger place. Our wait time was about 5 min and we got the best server ever! Thanks for the great service Amy!! 
I got the tangy wings and omg I wanted to lick the plate they were so good!! My husband got a burger that he said was good not great.
The salads, as always here are bountiful and delicious. However, I have to give this place a three out of five stars because when I got my receipt, the section on suggested gratuity was circled and the text was highlighted in purple. No other Hard Rock Cafe I've been to seemed to beg for tips like that. It was almost like the server was assuming I wasn't going to tip at all, which seemed odd to me.
This place was pretty nice and clean but the service needs to be improved. My wife daughter and I walked in to have dinner. The greeter asked how many in our party. I said 3 and they said ok we will put you in the back. Didn't understand why we were being buried in the back and I felt somewhat insulted. Not worried about it because I will never go here again. This is why I am writing this to make sure that none of my friends or fellow yelpers get hosed like I did. It gets better so please read on. 

Shortly after being seated our waiter Larry showed up and seemed very nice. My wife ordered a water, my daughter ordered a pink lemonade and I ordered a Guinness. Larry was slick with pressuring my wife to order a frozen drink. I noticed that on the menu you could ask the waiter about purchasing a pint glass or a hurricane glass for an additional fee. we were never offered if we even wanted to purchase the glasses. Larry decided that we needed them. When I ordered my meal I ordered The Texan. I ate the meal and it was not that bad. Larry was helpful and courteous. Then I got the bill and found that I was charged the 17.50 super sized price for the meal vs the 13.50 price that I noticed was on the menu. I didn't ask nor was I offered the super sized meal for the 17.50 price. Larry was slick again and had gotten over on me. I had not noticed anything at this point on the check. Larry tried to get us to have dessert but we passed on it. Larry had asked me to do a customer survey as he gets great feedback from his job. I assured him that I would give him feedback. He also sat at our table and tried to explain something else to us about a menu item that was not on our table. we declined to have it and Larry said I just had to tell you about it because I always forget.

This Larry guy basically got over on us and made us pay for things that we really didn't want. I could have gone back up stairs and made a scene but I figured I would just tell everyone what they did to me and hope that no one else gets taken. I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!! I am sure that his company makes him do these things to people and this is why you must go down stairs to pay for your meal. They are a sneaky and they got me this once. Never again!! FK U HARD ROCK!!
All about being a tourist, not someone who wants to relax and grab something to eat. First they herd you over for a washed out picture, which they try to sell you for $20.00 later, then if your lucky they sit you down.
New waiter in training was awesome, the establishment let not only me down but his hard service.
1. My fork had food remaining on it from previous patron.
2. FF right out of the refrigerator ????????????
3. Head manager who is in his own world, then after I brought it to the immediate managers attention, I was offered free desert; "are you serious?" 
Lastly we were looking for a good lace to grab a late night snack the previous evening, they closed early for lack of Patrons? what does that tell you about this place?
Totally disappointed
The staff was nice and the environment is nice. What is the problem then? Ate there yesterday and today 2 from my party is sick Including myself. We both ate the NY strip steak.
My husband and i came in to have a couple of drinks, had an awesome bartender Joey. He gave us awesome customer service and great recommendations on drinks. We decided to stay for dinner. Had the fajitas, which were amazing. Also had the Oreo cheese cake. But what made our night was the great customer service from the staff. Ask for Joey the bartender, you well be in great hands.
Avoid 

On the Las Vegas Strip there are a multitude of dining establishments. This is one of the worst that we have eaten at. This is the epitome of the Las Vegas tourist trap.

Drinks are delightfully strong. Probably to get people buzzed enough to overlook that poor food.

The establishment itself is clean, but very loud, very expensive. The food quality is not worth the prices charged. Once past the hostess stand and give-me-money-to-take-your-picture trap the service is okay. Not spectacular but competent. 

This place is not worth the time or the money. There are far better places to eat on the Strip.
If you've been to one Hard Rock Caf, you've been to them all, right? Wrong!  The Vegas Strip location is massive and beautiful inside.  The food is a bit spendy but is always good.

The restaurant is on the 2nd level of this 3-level venue.  The first level is mainly the merchandise store, and the third level is for events.  We came in for lunch and I ordered the chicken fajitas.  The dish comes out on a smoking sizzling hot plate.  Trust me, everyone in the place will "ooh" and "ahhh" as the server brings it to you, haha!  It's not the most amazing fajitas you will ever have, but it's pretty tasty.  My coworker got the twisted mac and cheese and chicken tupelos, which is a form chicken tenders but breaded with panko.  Both of these were so yummy!  Next time I go in, that's what I will have to stick to.

My company also had our holiday party at this venue on the 3rd floor.  The venue for events is absolutely perfect.  It's huge and either a band or DJ can fit on the stage.  The staff is super helpful, reliable and friendly.  We've never had any issues.  

Definitely recommended for both food and for events.
Dined here for a late lunch on a Friday. Had about a 5 minute wait. Our waitress was great, she was really friendly and engaging. I ordered the raspberry mint lemonade and it was very good, super refreshing. My husband and I split the chicken ceasar salad and the nachos. The salad was good, I would have liked more dressing but it was still tasty. The nachos are HUGE. Definitely something you could split among 3 or 4 people. They come with cheese, queso sauce, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalepenos and sour cream. We also had a side order of guacamole added to them. They are really good. Down side is that the cheese hardens after the first few minutes and it seems to get cold very fast so eat quickly! Overall it was a good meal.  When we go back to Vegas we won't eat here again, it was good, just nothing that makes me want to ensure a stop there upon our next visit.
Had to stop in here while in Vegas. We only wanted the avocado spring rolls that we've eaten all over the world and unfortunately, they no longer serve it at this HR. So we just got a beer and continued our walk. Cool place inside. Love seeing all the different HR's.
Oh my... I hate having to give a bad review, but the food here was not good at all. I give the 2 stars for the service, as our server was very attentive. 

The atmosphere is fun, the location is great, but the food is just overpriced yuck. My husband said it was probably the worst meal he's had in Vegas. He had a pulled pork sandwich with his side dishes put in ramekins, more size suited for condiments. I'd ordered chicken wings and a side of fries. My chicken wings tasted like extra salty hotdogs. Not sure how that happened? Our kids had mac&cheese, and a kids cheeseburger. The cheeseburger looked fine, but my daughter wouldn't eat it because of the char grill. She's like Hank from 'King Of The Hill'  - wants to "taste the meat, not the heat."   

I can say with sincerity that I will not be back. Looks like a cool enough bar though. Stop for a drink, but pass on the food. There are so many better choices out there!
Visiting Las Vegas for the first time and decided to stop in for some food as I was walking the strip. My sister ordered the chicken wings. Those were pretty good. I ordered the nachos however, and those were very bad. I added chicken to the order but I think that made it even worse. There was a funky taste that wasn't so pleasant. And they add some weird green sauce on top (I don't think it was guacamole though). I definitely wouldn't order them again. I've had my fair share of nachos; these were the worst. 

Service was good though. Very friendly waitress (crystal). I would probably go back but I would definitely stick to something else on the menu.
Amazing customer service!  Everyone was so friendly and hilarious!  The food was incredible, probably the best burger I have ever had in my life. All of of really enjoyed the food and the music too. Great place to eat on the strip!
Really substandard quality in here.  Having eaten in many restaurants in Vegas, I felt I got cheated by coming here.  Service was friendly, but the food was not the star.
Love coming to Hard Rock on the strip, we usually get the Legendary Burger which is awesome but they recently added some great dishes to the menu. I was a bit nervous trying something different cause the burgers always hit the spot but our waitress was raving about the new Brisket sandwich, it was absolutely fantastic. It was full of flavor with a small side of baked beans, really good. My wife also tried something different, she got the baby arugula salad which she loved! It was huge with sliced chicken and a nice mixture of veggies. We were very happy that we tried the new items. Just a week ago we dropped in for dinner and had some room for dessert. The staff mentioned that the Banana Split was awesome so we ordered it and WOW! It was delicious! We were not expecting that, the presentation was great! Definitely the best Banana split we have had. To top it off the service at HRC is first class, from hosts, waitresses to servers all the way up to Management, I've interacted with them all and they do a really a good job of providing excellent service. Can't forget the (( MUSIC! )) Always cool watching some throwback music videos and grubbin! Hard Rock Rocks!
Food was fantastic and so was the view. We sat outside on the second floor of the Hard Rock. Great view. The food was excellent and the drinks were strong. I had the shrimp fajitas which were cooked to perfect. It came with onions and peppers, guac, sour cream, salsa and tortillas. I also had the strawberry mojito. My friend had the beef and chicken fajita and she said it was very flavorful. She had a coconut mojito. My other friends had the hurricane and a raspberry rita. I can't remember what they had but they enjoyed it. Our waiter was excellent, never hovering, but always there to refill our drinks.
I bought a vouncher at Tix4Tonight which gives you 20% off.  I didn't realize it would be good only for this location until after I bought it.  Hubby and I just ordered burgers and the potato skins appetizer.  The potato skins were really good.  The burgers disappointed though.  It wasn't really the taste, but they came out cold.  I touched my bacon, cold, then lifted up my burger and touched the middle, cold, not even luke warm.  Not cool at all, but I am not a whiny complaining person and I didn't want someone's spit in my burger if I sent it back so I just ate it.  Hubby's burger was cold too, I didn't touch it so I can't comment on whether or not it was lukewarm or like mine.  Our waitress was ok, took a while for her to come to our table when we first sat down, she seemed very busy.  The place was semi busy on a Saturday night.  We got seated right away and the restaurant was very clean.  If I came back, it wouldn't be by choice, I will stick with the Hard Rock location on Harmon and Paradise.  We had much better food that was actually hot and excellent service there.
You know, when you are wondering up and down the strip about 9pm trying to find somewhere to eat, the glowing lights of the Hard Rock are a welcoming sight.

We were drawn like moths to a flame.

And there we were seated, we wanted outside and then I froze so they moved us inside with only a wee bit of pouting from the outside waiter dude.

Inside was a lot warmer, quite. To the point that we shared some chicken wings that were perfect - especially with the dipping sauce. Great entree, however it could have easily have been a main meal for us both!

We couldn't get through the last wing so we left it and advised the waiter that we left it for him. As his tip. Good thing he laughed with us instead of getting snarky.

I got the Texan burger, which was huge and oh soooooooooo very delish. 

Granted by this time we were already into our 2nd cocktail so everything was great!

When we paid we were advised that we could pick up our cocktail glasses from the counter downstairs... Wait! What?

That's right lovelies, they forget to mention that you earn yourself a nice little memento from getting drunk on cocktails!! WIN! (and to make this even better it made it all the way back to Sydney without breaking, double win!)

All in all, great food... great booze and waiters that laugh with you.
Our server, Michael, was super friendly and very helpful.  Our food was delicious. Pulled pork BBQ sandwich for my husband and pulled BBQ chicken for me both became with fries, baked beans and a citrus coleslaw. We shared a side salad and that was more than enough food. We didn't realize the portions were so generous.

Hubby had a Stella and I had a Strawberry Basil Lemonade which was just the right mix of tangy and sweetness and totally refreshing.
There for 10 mins at the bar waiting for a drink and some appetisers, but no one seemed to be interested in serving us..... We literally had 3 bar staff walk past us in that time, my wife and I astonished that they pretended to play with the cash register and/ or check the ink in the pens rather then serve us.... I finally walked around the bar where there was a worker and asked him if there was any chance, he gave me a pretty poor excuse saying that it was shift change and that he would be with me when they were ready, didn't look up and give me eye contact, nor the time of day....... Well, no worries mate because I won't, and will be advising all my family and friends not to, step in to a hard rock again in their life...... Worse place I gave been to travelling the states...... If I could give 0 stars, I would.....
Had the nachopalooza with brisket, large portion but bland taste. Service was the worst part. Waitress never checked on us after bring served. Never again.
I've usually fared about average when it comes to food at any Hard Rock I've ever been to, so I wasn't waiting for high dollar cuisine. I ordered the "rockin' wings" and boy were they every bit of that name. They had a good punch to them and were cooked to perfection....I make some great wings at home which I will never divulge what goes on them - LOL - but these were so good, my wife even compared them to the ones from home and she never does that! i was definitely impressed and would love to order a larger size the next time I'm in town.
The ambiance of sitting on the patio by the strip is a definite must if you're wiling to brave the Vegas breeze at night or the heat during the day. The nightlife is the best because of everything that's going on down below!
Awesome view, great food and music! I am fan now and will return to this place the next time I am in Vegas!
Went to Hard Rock Cafe for dinner tonight, food was ok but not great. Ended up not keeping it down...not eating here again
My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to eat here for lunch since it had a great view of the strip and was conveniently located to our hotel. The second we walked in, I was immediately turned off by how unprofessional the hostess was. Not only did she fail to welcome us, she also got mad when we asked to move seats because the sun was in our eyes. As we were sitting at our table waiting for our drinks to come, the table next to us had 6 people although it was only a table made for 4 people, a waitress came outside and made the extra 2 people leave and while walking away (right in front of me) rolled her eyes and started cussing to her other coworker about how stupid those customers were. Throughout my entire meal, I saw at least three employees cussing and saying negative things about the customers at the restaurant. This is absolutely ridiculous - I have never seen such unprofessional employees in my life. I was even scared that I would get talked poorly about in order to ask where the bathroom was. I will never go back here or any other Hard Rock Cafe restaurants.
Ok so nothing is free in Vegas they say...but the friendly staff and the great conversation and humor really hit the spot after walking the strip!!!!

The food was amazing!! My husband had the big cheeseburger, it was good but a bit messy and it could have used pepper jack cheese to send it up a notch!!! I had the pulled chicken..called The Texan, it had fried onion strings on it and fried jalapeos also!!! It was super tasty and I would definitely get it again!!! The others with us had food that ranged from burgers to pulled pork!!! Not a complaint in the bunch!!! Definitely a return trip is in order:)
On par food wise with other hard rock locations. Really nice to find some patio seating right on the strip! We were there for breakfast and the prices were much more reasonable than I expected, $12 or so per meal. Don't know that I would go again, now that I've been, but an enjoyable meal.
You know the drill. Like McDonald's, Hard Rocks are all the same. This particular one stood out due to the manager (and if that's not who you are, you should be!). We were at the bar, watching videos. He stopped by to comment on the Def Leppard video, saying how they didn't make them like that anymore. I shared that I had taken my grown kids to see them last summer, with Poison. Off he went. A couple of minutes later, he was walking by and said 'this one's for you'. It was Poison! Thanks for making our experience special.
On our last night in Vegas our group of 8 went here and had a great meal.  

We ordered two of the jumbo combo's to start, then I and a few others on the table had the New York Strip Steak, both were a good size.  I have had much better steaks for less though, so I will mark it down slightly.

The service was very attentive and friendly, I hope they are like that no matter the group size.

The atmosphere was lively (which was a good point) due to the number of people in, and music videos playing.
Not bad, not great. Worth it if you have guests in from out of town. the atmosphere and decor is impressive. Lots of music memorabilia. Seating can be a bit tight.
We ate here on a Saturday morning when they were short on staff. The 4 people that were working did an excellent job taking orders and getting food out in a reasonable amount of time - even if they had to run!

As for the food; nothing really stood out, but it was pretty good. I would eat there again just because it's nice to see employees care about their job and their customers!
Todd was a terrible bartender and ignored us the entire time we were at the bar.  He seemed to be very friendly to everyone else but walked by us each time.
By far the best Hard Rock experience I have ever had. The service was phenomenal. I had the smokehouse ribs and bbq chicken and they were great. My wife had the twisted mac and cheese. All together it was a great experience and we will return from time to time.
Crappy bar service. Stand there for 15 minutes. The bartender nods to me. But then he sits and chills with the other bartender with the waitress and flirting while we are waiting on drinks. Finally a bartender comes back from the restroom and serves us as the same too bartenders are flirting and laughing with the waitress. Plus the one bartender was sitting there and joking, yet drinking. Maybe he was off the clock. But then get from behind the bar when many patrons were waiting to order and being ignored. Last time I visit this bar....
Touristy, yes... tourist trap? No. As far as touristy places go, this particular Hard Rock wins. I can't remember the last time we had such great service. Like, anywhere. Not only was our waitress phenomenal, informed, helpful and friendly, the manager even came by and had very personable, genuine conversation. We had Four adults and four kids, including two infants, and yet they still treated us like stars (yay!) They brought out a huge dessert after we had paid, just because. ?! I've never seen something like that. Oh, and one of my kids wanted an egg to eat, and they actually just fried up one (which wound up being three, I think) for her. A lot of places won't do that (sad, but true.) 
So I'll spare you the description since I'm sure most people are aware of what Hard Rocks are like, but you can definitely count on great service and good food (the kids meals were fantastic too.) With all the potentially horrendous tourist experiences in Vegas, this is a sure bet. Highly, highly recommended!!
Great balcony to party on with a view of the Strip!

Full bar and concert stage. Rock music, open bar, free eats, and partying like a boss during a company event!

Store on bottom level with all kinds of Hard Rock merchandise. You have to leave down a staircase that exits through this store. It's like Disney World when you exit a ride. They lure you in to suck money from your wallets on all kinds of shirts and souvenir items. 

It's near the World of Coca Cola and not anywhere near the Hard Rock Casino which does confuse people. It's right on the Strip. Was here recently for a client sponsored event. Tons of free food (bbq chicken, salads, mac & cheese, dessert station, etc) that were actually pretty tasty. Seems like the food is pretty decent here. Spacious stage area and concert floor. Cool memorabilia and posters on the walls. Large bar area with a nice selection of tap and canned/bottled beer.

I drank Dos Equis all night on the balcony overlooking the neon lights of the Strip and felt like The Most Interesting Man In The World!
Had dinner here last night with my wife. I had the cowboy Ribeye and she had the jalapeo mac & cheese. Food was great the servers were friendly and the music was outstanding.
Great atmosphere! Fantastic view of the Strip out the huge windows. Also: yum! The meal was delicious, but what I really have to go back for was the absolutely unbelievable bruschetta. OMG! I so need to go back for more of that ASAP! I could probably get a good recipe, but it's never the same. Also, we wandered around to look at the large collection of Rock memorabilia . . . I guess you can find out what's there online, but I won't spoil it for you. You should go and see.
The service was top-flight, too, as our server was extremely attentive and he was the one who recommended that great bruschetta. Gave him a big tip just on that alone
Really good, love Hard Rock. I was there last week. I ate there everyday.
If you LOVE to eat you will LOVE the BITE of Las Vegas!! Everything from BBq,Mexican,Fine Dining,Chinese,Burgers and lots more.


We sample several booths as you can see from the pics.

 My favorite of course @hashhousegogolv and the pork tenderloin sandwich. But thats just me being an Iowa boy.

Not only does this event have top notch music for CHEAP-Admission is ONLY $8 per person.

They always have 4-5 headlining bands like this year : @parachute @blueoctoberband @Uncle_Kracker @train plus another 1/2 dozen or so bands playing on both stages. Personally I really enojyed Imaginary Dragons!. @train did cancel because someone in the band was ill. 1st ever canceled show by the band. The show did go on....

There's was also a small midway with rides and games for the kids including a rock climbing wall and carnival food stands like kettle corn,corn dogs,funnel cake and more.

The main walk featured about 50 restaurant boothes serving food and drinks with GREAT PRICES-everything iwas UNDER $5!!! Did I mention admission was only $8!

Several booths like @PortofSubsLV offer even CHEAPER deals like $2 sandwiches & drinks.

CanyonRanch had kabobs 2/$3 and @hashhouseagogolv had sandwiches for ONLY $4.

The only knock on the event is parking but what can you really do with this many people wanting to park close enough not to have to be bussed in.

I'd love to see the event go for 2 days!!! That would be cool!!!
My sister and I went to the original venue held at the Fashion Show Mall parking lot, years ago- just wanted to show you how long I've known about it. We've gone a few times in the larger location- it's gotten huge (ie. packed crowd, so just a warning). The entrance fee has gone up, but you can get a four pack on www.lasvegashalfoff.com for $18. No outside food or coolers allowed. 

Where else can you sample food from so many different restaurants at one time? It's like a super food court outside (but way better! most food courts don't impress me anymore, except Hawaii's Ala Moana) with live music (MIx 94.1 FM artists) and events scheduled- except the prices range from $1-$5 for smaller portions. One year, I got a humongous slice of Key Lime Pie for $1.00. The weather is just right at this time of year. The park, located on the west side, is such a nice one, that you can enjoy the grounds. It's a nice family thing to do. And the food choices are amazing. Make your rounds before deciding on what you really want or you'll be sorry.

We used to go to the San Gennaro Italian Festival but it's gotten pretty pricey for food and admission, that the whole thing cost us about $50 and this was a five years ago. This one's much better. Maybe, I can get my hubby to go this year. It's been a while. Food coma time.
If this were 2009, I would give it four stars.  This is my fourth consecutive year attending Bite of Las Vegas and unless my eyes are playing tricks on me, there were noticeably fewer food booths this year.  I had some Hash House and H & H Barbeque.  Both were great.  On the way out of the festival, I grabbed an LBS burger (yes, I grubbed hard).  Never eaten at the actual restaurant, but I was not impressed.  To me, there's just something so wrong about ketchup on a burger.

As far as the bands were concerned, I didn't make it to the headliner because I had to cut out early, but overall, the concert lineup was not as good as it has been in the past.  I will definitely be back next year, but I would like 94.1 to get some better acts. Ryan Starr? Seriously?  On a positive note, this festival remains one of the best values.  Unlike San Genaro Feast (which I have stopped attending), drinks and food are yummy and really reasonably priced.
This was my third year attending Bite of Las Vegas. Is it just me or is Switchfoot the main headliner EVERY year? I was very excited to hear that Sara Bareillis was performing as she is one of my favorite artists. 

I agree with Heather, even though there were the same amount of booths as last year, there were noticeably less FOOD booths. I even noticed some booth's charging $6 for certain items, I thought all portions were to be between $1-$5. 

The parking situation was HORRIBLE, I knew not to park in the Flamingo/Twain but I was still stuck in the rocky gravel. It would be fine if they had some kind of control of the aisles. Their were huge gaps between rows and cars that could have made parking a lot easier for many. My friend mistakenly went to the Flamingo lot and was told the only way out was to jump the curb, in a Honda Accord! That is unacceptable at an event where there is an entrance fee. They should have enough money from ticket sales to afford proper parking attendants. Less American Idol rejects, more parking attendants!

The food was really good and I definitely overindulged, I do like the layout of the event. You basically make a loop and try out whatever you want.
I'll be the first to admit - I'm a high maintenance lady! I hate lines, crowds, and in general I'm not big on festivals. After having a mental breakdown at both Lollapalooza and Taste of Chicago, I had basically decided I was too old for festivals and needed to give up trying. 

This my friends is a festival even this high maintenance lady can handle. The parking isn't all that bad if you arrive early-ish in the day (like in the first 3-4 hours!), and from parking to festival entrance we're talking 10 mintues. Not a big deal. I do think it sucks to pay admission AND pay for all the food, but I know they are raising money for charity so whatever. 

The food here is usually pretty good. It's not gourmet, but it does the trick. My main issue is most of the food is sizeable portions for like $5. Ok, it's called BITE of Las Vegas, I'd like to try lots of mini portions for $1-$3. Some places get the concept, but most didn't. At Taste of Chicago, for instance, each booth has to do a mini portion for like $1 or $2. I wish they'd kind of mandate that each place did one "BITE" portion for a small price, then sell freaking meal sized portions for those that want it. My husband and I usually split 3-4 $5 items before passing out into a food coma - I usually end up wishing my stomach and wallet had room to try more of the appealing items offered, but they are too damn big. 

My other minor complaint is I wish there were more seating. It gets fairly crowded under the few tents they have with chairs. I guess I could plan ahead and pack a blanket or something? I'm never that clever though. 

Overall it's fairly inexpensive, it's low key, and it has food - my kind of event. I've been 3 years in a row now and had a good time every year.
They have the best food from all over Vegas!
Not enuff handy-cap parking
This review is for the 2012 Bite of Las Vegas.  I had never been before.

Holy cow this thing was awesome.  I didn't show up until 7pm and it closes at 8pm so I was a little apprehensive but my gf still wanted to go.  I'm so glad we did.  Parking was FREE but it's at this really rocky dirt lot and I can't help but wince at thinking of what the poor tires are going through driving over all those rocks.  It was 15 bucks at the door, which let us in to a grassy area with a bunch of food trucks/tents.  We had just missed the Counting Crows concert, and we knew Matchbox 20 was going to be on soon, so we didn't have a chance to shop around.  I was seriously wondering if we kind of made a mistake coming here so late and if this would be a ripoff.

We found a vendor with no line (Bahama Breeze), grabbed a plate of habanero wings and fries for $5, and gorged on that while waiting in the longer line for H&H BBQ.  10 more bucks got us a sampler bbq plate and fried catfish.  Yum.  Then Matchbox 20 was on and well, that was the reason for this 5 star review.

Amazeballs.  The first thing they do is come out and say... "Hey everyone we love you for coming out here, and I know we're supposed to close at 9 but we are just gonna play until they kick us out".  Suddenly my respect for Matchbox 20 just went up several notches.  I didn't realize just how many songs of theirs I had heard on the radio over the years.  They sure were one of those bands I hear in the background on the radio, kind knew their name and all, but never really knew anything about them.  Really love how energetic they were and how dedicated they are to showing appreciation to their fans (or in my case winning over a new one).

Anyway now I'm totally kicking myself for not coming to this thing earlier.  Still, 15 bucks alone is totally worth a two hour Matchbox 20 concert.  Everything else was gravy.  I can't imagine the value this thing would have been if I got to see Counting Crows as well, plus had a chance to gorge myself on much more of the food.  Definately can't wait to come back.
I love this event. I look forward to it every year. This year was special. They always have a lineup of artists to preform but this year the headliner was Matchbox Twenty! 
The "bite" started at 11 am but we decided to go at 3 pm to avoid being in the sun too long. There was parking in a dirt lot across the street and it was free. All the food ranged in price from $1-$5. 
We checked out the food booths and tried the following:

"Texas De Brazil" was something we have already eaten at the restaurant but couldn't resist a bite of what they had. For $5 we got a sampler that  included a piece of Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Sausage, Garlic Steak and a Roll. This was worth every penny! So flavorful and the people working the booth were very friendly.

"Martorano's" is a restaurant inside "The Rio" and it is on the upscale side so this was the perfect place to try something like this and not have to wear a skirt or pay menu price! We split a "Philly Cheesesteak" that had caramelized onions, american cheese and was on a crusty roll. They were charging just $5 for the same size sandwich they would charge $16 for at the restaurant. It was very cheesy and tasty. I would defiantly eat it again but not for $16.

"La Salsa" had the best deal of the day. They were offering Steak or Chicken Tacos for only $2. We got a Margarita for $5 and 2 Steak Tacos. They were generous with the meat and cheese and it was very good.

"Molly Malone's Pub" (who was there is also apart of "Kavanaugh's", "Sean Patrick's", "Morrissey's", and "Mad Matty's Bar & Grill") had a booze only line and then a food and drink line. We just got a Coke that was $2 and "Pretzel Sticks" that were $1.50 on the menu but he only charged us $1. They were 2 BIG Pretzel Sticks and it came with a homemade cheese sauce for dipping. It was very tasty and I would like to eat at one of their Pubs to try other food.

Everyone was friendly there was plenty of security and police on hand keeping an eye on things. They always have someone emptying the trashes and keeping it clean.
The only complaint I have is that there aren't any chairs unless you pay for a VIP section. It is hot during the day and standing for several hours is tough! 
The concert stage is nice and we were pleased with how close we were. Matchbox Twenty rocked the park!
I came across this event while browsing Yelp for stuff to do. I was somewhat disbelieving when I finished reading the advert for this food festival and they tagged on to the end, almost as an afterthought, that there would be a bit of live music...including Ed Sheeran! 

The line up changed a few times (originally Alanis Morisette was appearing) and I was waiting for Sheeran's name to disappear too. I checked again before leaving for the event, his name was still there, due to play towards the end of the 11-9 day.

Having parked for free, in the quickly filling field across the road, I walked into the Desert Breeze Park for a minimal fee of $15. This was obviously well advertised, most of the area in front of the stage was already a patchwork of blankets. 

The smell of food immediately made me hungry. Every 20 yards brought a new aromatic assault; barbeque, asian, burgers. Each stall had to have dishes for $5 or less...many were $3. These were all tasters from local restaurants, stall holders talked about their restaurant and gave out tickets for 20% off when you next eat there.

After eating my body weight in garlic chicken and rice I went to find a position at the front of the growing crowd by the stage (using my freshly garlicked breath to my advantage). It seemed everyone there was waiting for Sheeran to take to the stage, the organisers obviously knew this and put on the less popular bands first. It was becoming a battle of wills...who would give up their spot in the blazing sun to bathe their heads, for a moment, in the relative coolness of the shade? I gave up...two more acts to go...I found a large truck to sit under and guzzle water, but on hearing the crowd roar I was able to squeeze into, maybe, the third row back. 

Ed Sheeran is AMAZING! He was just on stage for 25 minutes (10minutes more than I banked on) but it was totally worth it.This event was real treat. The food was great, the guys on the stalls weren't pushy, the music was awesome. If there was a downside to the day, it was not being able to get out of the sun. Although fans were being handed out for free and you could buy water, I would suggest next year that hats and sun umbrellas be on sale and the limit, of bringing only one bottle of water with you, be lifted. The crowd thinned out a lot after Sheeran and I know, for me, if it had been cooler or more shady, I'd have stuck around for more garlic chicken and rice :)
This year was the first time I had gone to this event. In short I LOVED IT!!

I had seen a commercial on tv and heard Ed Sheeran was going to be there, I bought my tickets the next day. My plan was to go a little later in the day to avoid the heat since Ed wasnt going on until 5pm, but the group I went with wanted to go earlier to see a band that was playing at 12pm. I will say that the heat was a bit overbearing at times. They were passing out hand fans that helped and of course freezing cold beer! If you act interested enough you can find some shade at a few vendors too. You can also walk down into the park and find a nice shady tree to sit under. We were close enough to still hear the music and thats where we enjoyed most of our food.

I thought everything was well priced. Ticket $15, Parking Free, Drinks $3-5, Food $1-5. I ended up spending 40 bucks for the entire day from 11:30am to 6pm (LONG day) but well worth it. My only intention was to go see Ed Sheeran play, but I was actually glad that I got the full experience!! 

The only thing I was turned off about (besides the heat) was that people had shown up early (even earlier then me) and "set up camp" by laying out full size blankets and sheets in front of the stage. Only leaving a few inches in between to walk through. It was pretty annoying when trying to make our way to the stage and tip toeing around them. I was actually surprised when we got dirty looks or even a comment or two for stepping on their disgusting dirty blankets. 

All in all I would definetely go back! Even if one of my favorite artists wasnt playing.

Oh and Ed Sheeran was AMAZING. Which was no surprise!
As a loyal listener to Mix 94.1, I've wanted to go to BiteLV for YEARS, but was stopped by high school extracurriculars, going off to college, and life in general. Nothing would stop me in 2012. Matchbox Twenty as the headliner? Counting Crows on the lineup? All the noms I could possibly of in one area? $15 for pre-sale admission? You had me reeled in before you even cast the bait.

The event lasts from 11 am to 9 pm, but you can come whenever you'd like. Just remember that there's no re-entry. There were so many food venues to choose from that everyone will find something they'll like at a cost of $3 to $10 per item. I picked up a delicious chicken gyro and fried calamari from the Mad Greek Cafe booth.

Event logistics seemed well-organized with their volunteers and security definitely on top of their duties. The booths had ample space for lines and even small dining areas. If you're willing to shell out the extra cash, there is a raised VIP section behind , but I personally love the feel of standing close to the outdoor stage.

The live music left me speechless. I managed to make my way through the throng of Ed Sheeran fangirls to the front of the crowd, so my short Asian self had a great view of the stage for Counting Crows and Matchbox Twenty. Can I just say that they really know how to put on a show? An extended set until MB20 gets kicked off the stage? Seriously, it's a dream come true for this almost lifelong fan.

Every minute was worth it. From parking my car on the rocky dirt lot to watching my favorite band in concert live for the first time, this event was hands down worth all the waiting and the money. Mix 94.1's gonna have a hard time topping this one.
I've been coming to Bite of Las Vegas every single year since I moved here. Lots of food plus music, heck yeah! Great combo in my book. They do it when it's no longer unbearably hot in Vegas.

You get a map before you enter. The admission fee isn't bad. They did bump the price to $25 this year but still. Different bands/singers in one place...that's a steal! They had Train, Sarah Bareilles, Counting Crows, etc in previous years. This year was One Republic, Matt Nathanson, Better Than Ezra, Goo Goo Dolls and others. I was stoked to watch BTE and GGD! Hello 90's!

Restaurants/ businesses that participated this year include Texas de Brazil, Edible Arrangements, Via Brazil, Funnel Cake Cafe, H&H BBQ, Braddah's, Skinnyfats, McCormick and Schmick's (our first stop this year. Hi Sarah Marie! ^_^), La Belle Terre, Stripburger, Voodoo, Nothing Bundt Cake and many others. I'm surprised Whole Foods and Serendipity weren't here this year. You can get food for $2 and some combos for about $5...and they're small enough portions where you can hop from one place to another to try other goodies.

As usual, we got free food, alcohol and other stuff. Parking is quite complicated but did I say free stuff? Also, don't plan on using the bathroom when you come here.

The highlight of the evening for me was "Iris" by Goo Goo Dolls. Oh my, Johnny Rzeznik still looks the same! Mix 94.1, Mark and Mercedes...awesome event! 'Til next year...
This is my second time at Bite and I enjoyed the bands this time more than last. However I was not impressed with the food vendors. The last time I was here it was food truck after truck. This time there was only one food truck which was Sauced and I did enjoy them. 

I had Braddah's and Skinny Fats as well as Drinks from Big Dog Brewery. We purchased the VIP tickets which gave us access to free food, beer, a covered tent and seating area as well as separate Port-a-pottys. We arrived around 11:30 and stayed until 5ish. I enjoyed all the performances the concert alone is 5 star but because the name has the word bite in it.. Minus one star for too many chain restaurants and not enough local flavor.
My wife and I had wanted to go to this for years.  We opted for the VIP tickets with the free drinks to include Budweiser products and water as well as 3 plates of free food.  We also had our own VIP covered area and 4 porta pottys.  

We arrived at approximately 1230pm.  I was worried about parking, but it was well organized and easy to park.  

The band lineup was great.  Plain White T's, One Republic, Better Than Ezra, Matt Nathanson and of course the Goo Goo Dolls.  We especially loved The Plain White T's, Matt Nathanson and the Goo Goo Dolls!  The Goo Goo Dolls were incredible!  Great opportunity to see so many great bands for the money!  The sound was also very good for an outdoor venue.  

The weather was great as well.  Maybe a high of 85 and a slight breeze!  We did the Fremont St. free concert to see HInder in July and it was simply too damned hot to enjoy.  102 degrees at 930pm!!!

The food for the VIP was provided by Top Dog Catering.  The food, especially, the kabobs, were incredible.   The only negative was the amount provided.  We were each given a wristband that included three numbered tabs to get food.  The food was pretty sparse by 8pm.  Most of the trays were empty and people were waiting 15 or minutes in line for more food to be brought up from the grilling area.  

Overall, an incredible value for the money.  We will definitely be back next year.

A couple suggestions for next years VIP section.  The chairs provided in the front of the tent were nice.  The little tables inside were nice as well.  However, a LOT of people in VIP did not get a chair or table and had to sit on the floor.  Maybe provide a chair for every VIP ticket you sell, or simply not sell so many VIP tickets?
I really enjoyed this event. I didn't eat much food, but there were LOTS of food vendors to please your appetite.  This was my first year going and I look forward to going next year.  I didn't arrive until mid afternoon so I missed some bands I was hoping to see.  However, I got to see Purple Rain, One Republic and GooGoo Dolls perform a few songs before we left early to beat the crowd. Which brings me to the reason I'm only giving 3 stars.  As I said, we left 1 hour before the concert was over, it took us approximately 15 minutes to get to the vehicle.  It took us ONE HOUR to get out of the parking lot.  There was very little organization to the parking lot I was located at. Apparently people who were far behind me began fighting. Thank goodness I wasn't in that crowd.  When the concert let out, everything got worse.  So I'm hoping you all fix the parking issue or find a bigger park with ample parking and organization to boot!
To be fair I was a volunteer with the burn foundation for this event so it was free to attend. However next year I plan to get VIP tickets. This event was ALOT of fun! they have a good system set up for entry which prevents long waits. The variety of food options is amazing and for a small price you get to try all sorts of food. Sauced came out on a list of favorites that I tried.

Not to mention a amazing line up of artists performing.

So many local companies show up and give out fun little goodie bags. Over all this was tons of fun and I can't wait till next year!
My husband, his grandparents, and I stopped by for dinner tonight (it's near the Mayo clinic-the reason why we're in Phoenix) and were pleasantly surprised by all the amazingly healthy options. His grandparents had a number of dietary restrictions, because they have lab tests tomorrow. They needed to stay away from fried or fatty foods. My husband is vegetarian. I like to eat organic whenever I can.

Our waitress told us that the meats and fish were all fresh (never frozen). The chicken is organic. The greens and vegetables are organic and local when possible. They have a juicer!!! I had two pint glasses of carrot-ginger-orange juice, before my dinner came out.

For dinner, I had a delicious guacamole salad with a mix of greens that was more interesting than the standard mesculun mix. It was lightly dressed, with a really flavorful, light lime dressing, which was just to my liking. I also had a small grilled fish taco, garnished with salsa fresca, and served with a side of jicama, cucumber and carrot salad. All light and delicious. Again, not oversauced. I only wish it had been served with a lime. I also got a side of braised greens, which were served with a light wasabi soysauce (a bit too strong on the wasabi for me, near the bottom). The mix of greens was lively (definitely some radish or turnip greens, as well as spinach) and cooked very nicely (not overcooked and mushy). 

My husband had the kung-fu girl salad, which had a little bit of seaweed salad, organic mixed greens (same interesting mix), mushrooms, carrots, with a ginger, soysauce dressing (with wasabi to taste). He loved it. He also had their vegetarian burger with a side of kimchi. The kimchi was excellent, with cilantro unlike the traditional version, but almost authentic (my korean parents would eat it with relish), and the portion was generous, which meant I got to eat plenty too. 

His grandmother had the grilled fish special (salmon) which was served with grilled vegetables (it looked like a nice mix with asparagus, peppers) and the cold jicama, cucumber garnish. Super healthy and delicious.  His grandfather had the short ribs, with grilled vegetables and an amazing potato mash (diced potatos with bacon and leeks). He almost cleaned his plate, which is really rare since he doesn't have much of an appetite any more. 

The service was attentive. The waitress helped us steer our grandmother away from the fish & chips. The general manager came by and spoke to us about the menu (very eclectic - "chino-latino" - lots of american standards-like burgers-but lots of mexican and asian (ramen, udon, kimchee) as well).

We were there early. The jazz band was just getting started when we left. We were glad to miss it, because his grandmother would not have been able to hear us over the music.

Good, unpretentious food, made with great, fresh ingredients. Definitely better food than you'll find at any other music venue. We'll definitely be back this week.
I have been looking for a place like this since I moved to Phoenix.  My wife and I recently visited during happy hour on a Friday night.  The music was pretty good and free.  Most importantly the volume was perfect - not completely in the background, but low enough to have a conversation at the bar.  The atmosphere is great with laid-back, but sophisticated feel.   The beer selection is not extensive, but there are a few good choices on draft and you won't find many (any?) bars in this area charging only $4 for an import (for comparison, the Skeptical Chemyst charges $5.75 for similar beers).  My wife tried a pomegranate margarita and a mojito.  They were excellent, but closer to the usual Scottsdale price at $8.  The food we tried was delicious.  There are plenty of bar-type items on the menu but also a number of interesting salads and vegetarian options.  We tried a combination of roasted tomato salsa and avocado sauce with tortilla chips.  The chips were made fresh and the salsas were very good.  I had the same  avocado salsa at many restaurants near Merida, Mexico on a recent trip, and this version was easily as good.  The price for this appetizer was about $5 (~$2.50 during happy hour)  We also tried a sandwich that was a mix between a Cuban sandwich and a Mexican torta.  The ham and roast pork on this sandwich were incredible.  I expect the tacos were probably made from the same pork, and therefore, would be worth a try.   The Cuban sandwich was $12.95, but it was very large.   There is a good mix of items from $5-$24 on the menu, so everyone can find something to match their budget.
What can I say, I love music, I love beer and I love food.

This place has all of those things and more.

Music:
They have an awesome sound system (I know cause I've played through it several times).  They have great bands come through, like What Laura Says, The Latest, The Sugar Thieves, Chuck Hall Band and Many more.

Beer:
They stock a very decent tap.  Highlights would be Moose Drool, Pilsner Urquell  and Racer 5 IPA for me, but they have some good reggies like Blue Moon, Fat Tire, etc.

Food:
The food is a quasi american/ mexican/ hipster thing.  I've had the Blue Burger which was tasty and the Green Chili and Cheese tamales, which I devoured in seconds flat.  I've seen some other seriously good looking stuff grace other peoples' lips as well.

Bottom Line:
I like this place a lot.  It has a great feel to it, it's spacious, they have great bands, booze and food.  The only problem I can see with it is it's location... Mayo and Scottsdale?  I wish it were more centrally located.
Discovered this place accidentally while driving through after some shopping in the area. So glad we stopped in as we found it was a live music venue!! Not many of these around in this area. The night that we were there it was writer's night....for the yet undiscovered musicians. We only had time for a quick bite and listened to one musician who was great. We also took home a list of up and coming shows ..... some impressive musicians lined up. They do charge cover for the more popular shows but Thursday (writer's night) has no cover charge. Also I believe we were told there was no live music Sunday and Monday. The food was good can recommend the Fish and Chips as well as the Napa Crisp which is Brie, Apricots, diced jalapeno with a lime honey dressing. Only thing I would change is the lighting....too light in some areas .... eyes should be directed towards the musicians when they are playing. We will definitely be back to see some shows as well as check out writer's night again some time....great to have a local music venue! : )
A friend invited me to The Compound to listen to the amazing Chuck Hall Band.  I had no idea what to expect due to no time to Yelp beforehand.

Plenty of parking and pleasant landscape greet you upon opening the front door. I arrived at the time Chuck Hall was due on stage and didn't have to pay a cover :-) friends held a table right in front of the stage. I love that this venue is spacious and inviting with tv screens playing streaming video of live concerts prior to the band taking stage.

Drink menu offered a nice selection and was not overwhelming.  I ordered their Cruz margarita, only $3.....woo hoo!!!!!  And quite yummy I might add.  

I will have to agree with other yelpers that the service was very slow.  It took a good 20 mins to flag down a server, with several empty handed ones passing by.  After ordering our drinks it took another good 15 min to get them :-( I work in the food industry and tend to be picky but I fully understand off days.  The place wasn't packed and didn't seem under staffed so I don't know what was up. 

Ok, margarita time !!!!! With drink in hand I  stroll across their yummy menu filled with many options. Far from boring bar food!!! I  selected the guacamole and chips for starters.  Feeling festive I order the ten mini tacos and mix up the meat fillings, chicken, salmon, shredded pork and beef.    The speed of the food was far faster than the drinks!  Guacamole was served with a generous helping of delicious chips fir dipping. Guac was good, just needed a little sea salt. The tacos arrived within 5 mins of the guac.... Now on my second margarita and feeling the blues being delivered, I'm a happy camper. The tacos were amazing, plenty of punched packed in a mini size!  

The band sounded great here.  Not too loud and super clear.  The servers seem to go  astray when the band was playing and was super hard to get a drink.  Service seemed to get worse at this point.  We had more offers to take our unfinished plates than to order drinks.  Weird!!!

All in all I would go back to see another band play and give the service another college try!
It is a geat place, with great food and prices to match, one of the best in the Scottsdale area.  As you can tell by the stars.  Great music for everyone.  My Girlfriend took me there and I was blown away.  Being a somewhat veggie, loads to choose from.  When in Scottsdale check this place out and great wines by the glass.
Cool atmosphere and concept. We didn't stay for the band that was playing that night, but it looked promising. The service was decent. Everyone was friendly. 

As for the food, the menu seemed fairly healthy and they use local and organic when possible, which is always great. I had the Mahi-Mahi Fish Tacos and side of grilled veggies. The tacos were great. The fish was prepared in a delicious spice rub (not too spicy) and paired with pico de gallo. They were light, healthy and flavorful. The veggies on the other hand...I could take 'em or leave 'em. I'm not a huge fan of bell peppers, so I'm slightly biased. 

Overall it was pretty good...I would return.
Brutal service, boring food, Cougar Town.  Been there twice, both times waited over 20 minutes to have our order taken.  Then another 45-60 minutes to get the food, which was totally unremarkable.  Sounds great on paper (local, organic, etc.) but it just doesn't translate to the taste.  Good beer selection and that's about all that's going for it.  Too bad, because it's a neat venue.  Someone sank a bunch of money into it, but the payoff just isn't there.  With all the options available nearby, can't see why anyone would go there.
Let me start this review out by saying I am an audio snob.  I think a music venue will make it or break it by their sound system.  You can tell The Compound really invested a good amount of time and money into their sound system.  Watching the sound man run around the place with a digital equalizer shows that The Compound knows what they are doing.  With that being said....

I walked into The Compound not knowing what to expect and not hearing any reviews.  I just know that they were about to bring some of my favorite national acts to Scottsdale.  I wanted this place to be great but being in N Scottsdale, I had my doubts.  I was wrong.

First impression was a nice one.  Lots of parking, clean outdoor area and someone to open the door for me.  I paid for my ticket (ticket prices are not bad if you are to compare this place to the Marquee) I immediately hit up the bar and I had to do a double take.  Were these prices correct?  I am in N Scottsdale and I am about to pay $3 or a beer?  My wife is about to get a margarita for only $3?  To good to be true.  

The drink selection is all over the place and CHEAP.  That is a major bonus that The Compound cannot change if they want to stay in business.  There is nothing worse than paying an arm and a leg for a concert ticket only to get raped by drink prices.  KUDOS.  If drinks were expensive here, I would rationalize going to some of these upcoming shows. 

The place was packed for a Garaj Mahal show (awesome jazz band) I was not a fan of the way the tables were set up.  Nice size stage in a room filled with tables.  Not much room to dance.  It didn't look encouraged.  I was told later that at more "dance" shows, they clear a good amount of tables.  Luckily a party left leaving a table open in the front row right in the corner.  PERFECT!  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she immediately went over and cleared the table for us.  I was impressed!

After reading some other Yelp reviews, the main drag seems like the service.  I can't agree but I can't disagree.  Our waiter was on us like white on rice which got really annoying but by the end of the show, we could never find him.  I heard other friends from other tables complaining about the service as well.  If I had my way, I'd sit at the table and go to the bar to order drinks, but I am not that guy who's going to steal a waiters table.

For four people, we ordered 5 apps and 1 sandwich.  All of the dishes were different from other restaurants we frequent and quite impressive.  The Napa Crisp stood out the most.  A crispy wheat pita topped with apricot, brie, jalapenos (not spicy) and a fantastic lime honey jelly.  Another winner was the fried green tomatoes.  I'd stay away from the crap empanada.  We also got the Kung Fu Girl with Ahi Tuna (amazing blend on veggies and unique dressing) and the Cuban Sandwich (not a traditional Cuban but a decent soft, tender sandwich) 

Overall, four people who were drinking, 3 apps, 1 salad and 1 sandwich came to $75.  That was $75 less than what we thought the final tab was going to be.  

The Compound would have gotten 5 stars if the service was better, but overall I was impressed.  I am so relieved there is a place in the valley that is a great place to see live music.  I only hope the best for this place.  If they keep getting in the acts that they are getting in March, (Karl Denson, Emmit Nershi Band and Martin Sexton) then I will continue to keep coming.
Okay, I didn't go for the music, I stopped by for lunch!  I was there for the food, and I was impressed.  The menu (while a little hard to read) offered a variety and everyone in the party was happy with the food.  The service was impressive, friendly, on top of the drinks and kept us posted on the status of our order.

I was boring with the Bacon Cheeseburger, which was great, but the Cobb Salad looked awesome, with or without the Tuna or Ahi.  The special sounded great (Crab Salad Sandwich) and lived up to the description according to one member of my party.

The place looked like a great venue for live music and just hanging out after work.  Well worth a check.
This is a nice place, with a great ambience and wonderful stage.  The music sounded terrific all across the restaurant and the food was very good.  I liked the fresh nature of the food and the service was quick and delightful.  

My fiance has had a couple gigs and he also enjoyed the venue as a musician - it's comfortable and the stage is nice.  

This is going to be a very popular place very soon!
I would like to give the Compound Grill a half star, or maybe no stars at all, but I'll have to settle for one. Last night a large group of us went to see Karl Denson's Tiny Universe, posted on their website to begin at 8pm. We purchased tickets and arrived at half past seven to find that the show had been moved to 9pm. No big deal, we thought, we'll just share a few bottles of wine and pass the time.

Meanwhile, a dozen television screens fill every wall with coverage of the McDowell Mountain Music Festival. Everywhere you look there's a screen of some jam band going on and on and the volume is way too high. Okay, no big deal we thought. Karl Denson is gonna show up and they'll turn this shit off and the night will begin.

9pm passes and then 10pm passes. When we discussed the matter with a few of the hostesses/waitresses, they told us that they'd spoken with Karl Denson and he was on his way. On his way? This is at about 10:20pm. And if we wanted to hang around (with a bunch of $18 tickets), the show should start pretty soon, she said. When we asked to talk with a manager one of the women said there wasn't a manager available. What? How about the owner? can we please talk to someone? She informed us that the owner was probably home and asleep by now. Brilliant. Pushing 11pm we left. They were still doing sound check.

The incompetence of this place was pretty legendary last night. A "sorry" would've been good enough for us. But, there was nothing but excuses and lack of responsibility taken. Maybe next time you can hold a contract with the visiting musicians. If they don't show, don't pay them. Regardless of what you do Compound Grill, we're gonna get our refund.
The Northeast Valley is desperately lacking places to enjoy live music... I'm so glad for the Compound Grill. We had a great time there listening to music and having a few drinks. They had a pretty extensive selection of drinks and beers. The waitress was attentive (though we did wonder if maybe she was having a few drinks of her own in back... at least she was having fun with her job). The Compound had quite an eclectic crowd, which is a breath of fresh air from some Scottsdale bars. We also had a fun time watching the crowd that was dancing... there sure were some interesting moves out there! 

Some of the food items on the menu looked good... I didn't have anything to eat when I was there, but when I do, I'll add a new review on that.
Exactly what the Valley was in need of, a place where you can go and listen to great live music, while being able to enjoy a wide variety of food and drink. 

The Compound Grill accomplishes all of these prerequisites and does it in North Scottsdale of all places. 

The location and access is great, located just West of Scottsdale Road and on the North side Mayo Boulevard. 

The menu is incredible, with a ton of organic and locally grown ingredients to satisfy your cravings from Mexican food, to upscale Bar fare, to even brunch on the weekend. 

But, what sets The Compound Grill apart from other Valley bars/restaurants is the COMMITMENT to live musical performances, many of which are local acts. Be sure to visit the restaurants website to stay up to date with all of the eclectic bands that are scheduled to perform. 


If your looking for a great venue to drink, eat, and enjoy some live music with your friends, its hard to beat The Compound.
The Compound Grill was a big surprise for me.  Generally I shy away from restaurants in big strip malls and restaurants in North Scottsdale.  So a restauraunt in a giant strip mall in North Scottsdale?

First, there was live music playing while we ate.  We arrived early so there was no cover charge.  Just some nice background music while we dined.

Second, the menu was great.  LOTS of stuff for those of us who enjoy a healthy meal. I had mahi mahi with roasted vegetables and a big side salad, all for 16 bucks.   Most of the other options looked good too.

Third, they did a great job redecorating.  If it wouldn't have been pointed out, I never would have known it used to be a Black Angus.

One drawback - in between the patio and the stage were large screen TV's, and they were all turned on, and I don't like watching TV on Saturday nights.
I live in N. Phoenix so I love the location because it is close to my home.  The only reason I did not give the Compound 5 stars was the fact it was the Black Angus prior, and it still has a little bit of that vibe inside. 

The food has been good each time I've eaten there.  Their street tacos are delicious!  The BLT is alright, but kinda on the small side. The salads are fresh and full of flavor.

They have a fantasic beer selection and being fellow Michigander, I was stoked when I saw they carried Bells Beer!The  Wine list is also great.  I had a Tempranillo and a Malbec and both were nice.

N Phoenix so needed a good place to chill and listen to good live music!
I meandered into Compound after the Phoenix Film Fest a couple days ago to meet up with some friends for a drink and some talking. My expectations were not what Compound Grill ended up being, but not really in a bad way, just in that different way. 

The stage first off.. is fantastic, and I love the tables around it - reminds me of music halls I haven't seen in ages. I really wanted to jump on the stage and sing, but someone else was doing that already.. and they were doing it all right! So very right! Great mix of songs from the Beatles to GaGa done by a woman. AMEN SISTA!!!!!

The rest of the place was laid out kinda odd in my opinion, including a set of couches to sit and eat at that were set up around a support post. Around a fire pit, I could see. Around a cute coffee table.. yes. Staring at a post in the ground that doesn't even have art on it or anything, no... and well, as you can probably guess, no one was sitting there that night either. In fact, they were sitting everywhere BUT that spot. 

The service was eh... didn't really seem to willing or wanting.

The menu looked okay, but nothing I was screaming over. We ended up having some chips and salsa that includes a tomatillo/avacado salsa that I enjoyed :) I also really appreciate the organic hippie vibe that I didn't expect going in. Sexy hippy.. that's what I'm labeling this from now on.

This will probably be the spot I head to in between seeing film events,  because I do really love their music space and the Harkins nearby is where all the film events are, but other than that, it's really too far away and don't have quite enough to lure me back more often.
Mmm I'm a fan for sure! This is one of those  places for breakfast that could easily be overlooked- but don't! 

They have a really cute patio that is the perfect outdoor Saturday morning breakfast spot. I love the Roasted Corn Omelet. It comes with these amazing potatoes (a mix of sweet potato's, purple and white potatoes- delish)! If you're not too hungry, try getting the Cucumber and Avocado smoothie, or the granola with fresh berries and yogurt! 

It's so surprising to have a live music bar have such great organic and healthy food! I will say the one down side is that the service is slow, which of course, if my big no-no.  But overall,  if you're in the north phoenix/scottsdale area, check it out!
This new North Scottsdale restaurant and live music venue has great potential, but will need a few minor adjustments and the support of locals to make it work. 

First and perhaps most critical, I've repeatedly been impressed by their music lineup. The set up for a live venue works well - I saw Blind Boys of Alabama a few months ago and found that The Compound's high-tech bar and main restaurant area (which was transformed into concert seating that night) made for a cozy yet vibrant and open experience. I felt like I was in the closest section of any other major venue, when I was actually nearly in the back. 

Not to be missed are local and house bands that frequent The Compound's stage. I've stopped by for a drink several times and have been surprised to find a great band that struck just the right mix of interesting without being overly loud or distracting. 

I can't say I've tried much off of the food menu, though I really enjoyed the house quesadilla with chicken (I know, such a boring choice). I would recommend that they revamp their wine list slightly to offer a few more non-standard choices under $10 a glass. I'm not sure that their beverage menu is set up to appeal to the crowd they seem to be courting, as they have booked some favorites from the jam band scene, which can mean a lot of younger types who won't be willing to pay over $6 for a cocktail. 

Overall, definitely worth stopping in and checking out. With a few tweaks and more time, this will be a choice spot on the local music scene. Sign up for the e-newsletter to get the weekly concert updates and info on specials.
We went to the McDowell Mountain Music festival last night and stopped in to The Compound Grill for dinner.

We started out with a couple of beers--belgian wit.  Mothership, I think.  We also had a couple of appetizers.  Green Bites (edamame and green bean combo) and The Nachos.  The edamame were for kiddo.  I wish it would've come with a dish to discard the empties.  The nachos were for us and they were fabulous.  Generous portion, good balance of topping vs. chips.  Just really tasty all around. 

At this point, I was pretty full.  I ordered Chicken Popsicles for the kiddo and hubby ordered fish and chips.  The chicken dish was 2 skewers of panko crusted strips with fries.  Kiddo ate it all and shared me his fries, so I was happy about that.  Hubby shared me a piece of his fish.  It was just alright, as fish and chips go.

Total bill for 3 beers, 2 apps, 1 kid entree and 1 adult entree: $57.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.

The best part is that there is a music venue within reasonable driving distance.  Yay for music!  A local band started a set while we were finishing dinner and my son cried because he didn't want to stop listening to the music (we were taking him to the outside stage to see more music--he just didn't really get that part in the moment).

I'm so happy that there is a family-friendly place in N. Scottsdale to enjoy music.  So happy.
The Compound

There is a new kid in town, The Compund grill. Located at the very west side of the Scottasdale 101 mall. 
A dinning place with such an odd name needed an explanation ;" the compound exists to provide a public venue where culturally informed , like minded souls go to witness the collaboration of live music and great food on a regular basis".
The owners have  definitely  put some money and time turning this place into a comfortable,  relaxed, kind of compound meeting arena . They have a full service bar at the back of the compound and a large stage at the front for the performing bands or events.
The menu is a combination of simple Mexican traditional meals with the occasional burger and Piccata pasta. There is also a fish special offered at market price.
Since most of the menu items had a Mexican  origin, I decided to order  the Grilled Elote; roasted corn with cotija cheese and lime aioli.  The Elote came served on a small plate but to my surprise it was missing a  skew making it almost impossible to eat. And I was not ready to hold this baby with my bare hands.
We then ordered the "get your undoni' soup. It was delivered to our table with chopsticks , not a spoon. I know my wife is good with the chopsticks, but  why would one try this saga when not even the Japanese have jet accomplished this task successfully.?
Moving on to our main course, we decided to order the Steak Fajitas. Safe, simple, uncomplicated choice. By the time our food was served, the band had already started to play and we were sincerely enjoying our stay. 
Too bad we were not  as happy with our meal experience. The fajitas came on a very small plate, not sizzling like one would expect them to be, surrounded by the typical  subprime mexican condiments of refried rice, beans , guacamole, sour cream and  3 very small and hard tortillas.  The steak was tough, dry  and flavorless.  
I also thought the wait staff had not been truly trained and prepared in the art of  retrieving and briging back clean utensils. We had to ask constantly for forks, spoons and plates.  At the time to pay our bill, we were given a  comment card asking us for our impressions, not on the food , but on the performance of the entertaining band. At this point it was clear to me that the Compound had lived to its reputataion of being a place for musical gatherings and fun. Not a place to entertain your palatte.
I am so excited to know this place now exists and it is so close to home! Great food with an Organic touch, that never hurts! Great Service and Great Beers! My most favorite feature of all "LIVE MUSIC!" Some of the entertainment have cover fees but some are just for the price of your presence and your meal! We will be regulars for sure! Our first visit was Friday and we ended up going two nights in a row and was nothing but pleased! We have Cowboy Junkie tickets in June, which we are very excited about but I know we will certainly be back there before then.
I finally ordered food at Compound Grill. It was good! I love that they try to use organic, local, and sustainable ingredients. A friend and I met for an early happy hour. I had a margarita craving and wasn't expecting a lot from their $4 one, but it was very good! Tasted very fresh and lime-y. I ordered the Ranchero Ensalada: sweet corn, cherry tomatoes, guacamole, tortilla chips, lime, chili, cilantro, and a lime cumin vinaigrette. The mixed greens were very leafy and "healthy" (possibly had some kale in there). I like that, but it might be too much for some people. 

So many of the menu items looked good, I definitely want to go back for dinner. Plus, I have to have another one (or two.. or three) of those margaritas.
I always thought it would be cool to have my own private compound.  You know, kind of like the "Cheney Compound" that our former VP had.  Except I would let Google Maps display mine...mostly because I don't have the power to bend the intertubes to my will and control the Googles.  I also don't have a man-sized safe in my office or play "pepper the lawyer" with my lawyer friends.

Not that I'm against the occasional "peppering" when it's called for in the case of not just lawyers but oil company and health insurance company executives, politicians or media talking heads.  I would of course only sanction rock salt or bird shot, I'm a reasonable man after all.

But since I don't have a compound I guess I can go to The Compound Grill from time to time.  I was here for a UYE send-off of our illustrious Yelp Community Manager, Gabi.  Not that we won't see her anymore but she is moving up the ladder and overseeing multiple Yelp communities now, sort of like a really cool and sophisticated mother hen overseeing a bunch of foodie chicks from different nests.  Not exactly like chicks because she can tell if we're male or female by looking.  

So The Compound Grill hosted this event because they stood to make a few bucks off of the deal.  Hey, they're in business to make money, right?  When we arrived we had the choice of going "off the menu " or buying the wristband for $10 and having the buffet and a couple free drinks.

The buffet was pretty good.  I liked some of the food better than others.  The chicken satay sort of things were tasty and I appreciated that they had some nice hot pepper sauce to punch it up.  The salad was good, the sushi ok, the key lime torts were tasty, I loved the grilled sweet potato. 

The Compound apparently has live music regularly and they get some pretty good acts.  Overall I liked the atmosphere, the service and the food and I would come back to take in some live tunes.  The Compound Grill displays easily on Google Maps so they may want to look in to that.
I have been here a number of times in the last month or so and I have enjoyed it every time.  They have great live music (including EastonAshe, which I do really like) and their food is pretty great too for a local place.

I went here for the music festival in April and also went here for Gabi's promotion event... the service was good.  I was standing at the bar, waiting to get my change when someone came up to me and made sure I had been taken care of.  I appreciate things like that.
Now this is a real brunch! I got a whole wheat egg white chorizo burro that came with a side of potatoes and a side of summer fruits for $6.95 much better than my experience on Mother's Day at Earl's Patio! This place has the best service, great food and again the opportunity to see Live Music weekdays and weekends! Definitely my favorite place!
I just threw a birthday bash for my boyfriend! and we had great service and a great time! They did a great job in accommodating our large group of 20 people in their VIP area and imagine all separate checks too and still no mix ups! We had a wonderful time! I totally love this place. Check out their calendar for many different styles of live music-It's great! You can't go wrong with this place.
The food was extremely bland! The one thing that was good was the guacomole, but everything else my family and I had eaten was just terrible. Our waiter couldn't reccomend a plate and had no personality - he seemed extremely awkward. He did however take the fish and chips my aunt ordered off the bill after she had stated her displeasure with the dish. Overall, I would advise against this place! The ambience did not make up for the bland, flavorless dishes.
Just what Scottsdale needed!  A place with healthy & tasty, affordable food, great ambiance, with live music.  The mood takes over you right as you walk in the door.  And they have some great shows coming up, we will definitely be back.
I still love Compound Grill, but have to take a star off for the cruddy service last night.  

My server was just not good.  I don't know if it was inexperience or that he just didn't give a shit, but yeah.  Just not good.

I purposely ordered my kids meal with the apps so that he could get it quicker.  Apps came, our entrees came, still no meal for kiddo.  When I mentioned it, I knew he forgot.  At least he came and admitted it.  Meantime, my kiddo is starving and asking where his food is, etc.  Ugh.

Also, don't love that they don't automatically give you water.  I had to ask, twice, for water.  What is that?  Why would any restaurant in metro Phoenix 110 degrees not automatically give you water.

Also, I think if you have sushi-type rolls on your menu, you should provide chopsticks.  He said he would get me some and never did.

The food was good and the manager (I think--he was in street clothes, but he was our server the previous visit) was attentive. 

I still love the venue, but Compound Grill, please get rid of Brian N. or teach him how to be a server.  I tipped 15%.  I can't even remember the last time I only tipped 15%.  I'm a server, too, and I always take care of servers, but I couldn't bring myself to do it this time.
This is the best place I've been to for combining great food, great live music. It has a gorgeous modern + clean atmosphere.

The food is mainly organic and local and there are even a handful vegan options! Just watch out -- the owner (who is very friendly) seems to think that gluten-free is the same thing as vegan and we almost ordered a non-vegan dessert based on his misconception. That was a few months ago, so maybe he's got it down now?

I love the more intimate atmosphere for live music. We saw Trevor Hall at the Marquee and again here at the Compound and it was great getting to be right there, a foot away from Trevor's guitar. 

We also came for the Mother's Day brunch and it was the best way to celebrate! The music was great and the buffet was huge. There were a lot of vegan breakfast foods for the brunch and it was all so amazingly delicious. The chef rocks! I don't know of any other local place to get vegan breakfast so it was definitely a great place to be. 

I will give this place 5 stars when they add more vegan meals to their regular menu. I don't usually give a place stars based on the availability of vegan foods but I think this venue caters to that type of eater and it could offer a little more. Other than that I can't find a single thing wrong or missing with this place. It is just awesome. 

I can't wait to come back here and bring friends!
Love this place! Always a hit when I come here! Food is fresh and mostly organic. Healthy but yummy. Even there drinks tastes healthy if that makes sense! Had the pomegranate drink with real pomegranate seeds in them!! There salads to burgers to brunches are all good. Affordable too. They also have live entertainment mostly every night. Great spot!
Great food, drinks and service with Live music on most days! Check their online calendar to know the music bands playing , some of them need tickets but generally it would only mean a $5 cover charge after 9PM.  Nice happy hour deals,too! Nice place for spending special twosome time together or just hang out with friends/colleagues.

I loved the ambiance, the superb lighting, feel of a cozy place with bar on one end and a separate section for music bands and empty space that turns into a dance floor in no time with awesome music. If you are the types to want to tap a foot or two with a drink, make sure your companion "is in the mood" to get up with you- the energy would be inviting for sure!!

Guacamole, Mojitos and Martinis are a must try for starters. Decent pricing and totally worth it!
No music playing at 3:00 in the afternoon. Will not dine here again.The food not so good and we all felt violated when the bill arrived. Very ordinary and expensive. I had the brisket burrito, sounded great in the description, very dry and no flavor. After reading reviews might try some beverages and listen to some music.(Maybe that's what its all about).
We went for Cowboy Junkies-Loved it---The seating could have been organized a little better but other then that it was a good time.
This was my second visit ,   I seemed to be more impressed the first visit. 
First off, they wanted to charge us a cover charge there because there happened to be a band.  Not cool.   We are eating.  If that is the case, we should get a credit back on our bill if we order food.  Well, the band was so loud that we couldn't even talk, which is what some people do while dining out!   So, you need to decide, if you want to talk and dine, that is not the place.   We sat in the bar and the speakers over our head were really loud.   Sad to say, but we were happy when the band went on break.   I was disappointed because there aren't a lot of live music venues in Scottsdale that aren't dive bars.  We would have stayed longer if there was a happy medium with the volume. 
As for the food......
They changed to the summer menu so I couldn't recall what I ate the first time and of course I didn't YELP about it.   
I ordered Ceviche and the waitress commented on how full of seafood and fish it was, and when it arrived, it was NOT the case.   I was not impressed with their version of ceviche.  Too much like watered down tomato soup with very little seafood.   
My first visit was better.  I love the concept about fresh and local produce and meats and fish.   I will try again for one last time.
Just a great local venue.  Can't say enough postive things about them.  It's a win for everyone considering all the food, staff and owners are local and many have apparently been ties into the music scene.  The music is great every night but you should be prepared to pay a cover if you go after a certain time. 

Plus, I'm no foodie but I haven't had a bad meal yet!
I was skimming Yelp looking for something new to do on a Saturday night when I ran across Compound Grill. It is quite a distance from my house but it looked interesting enough to make the trek. We got there just before 9pm and were promptly seated. I looked around in awe, Phoenix/Scottsdale does not have many dinner/music venues, especially any as nice as this. To break it down: 

The set up and sound system were wonderful, the music was not overpowering, and the seats we had were great. We could easily see the band, enjoy the music and still carry on a conversation. I'll admit I didn't much care for the band, but the set up is so that if it was a band I enjoyed it would have been perfect. 

The food left a lot to be desired. The friend green tomatoes were not green, but rather red and very mushy. The tacos were decent, but I wouldn't order them again. The lamb was good, but a bit overcooked, the chimichurri served with it was great. The napa crisp was delicious, brie, apricot jalapeo jam, and arugula. All in all it was better than bar food, but you would expect a bit more for the prices. 

3 stars for great potential. If this place put a little more thought in to the food and I went during a time a talented band was playing I bet I could bump the rating to 4.
I absolutely love Compound Grill. I have been coming here since they opened and it just seems to be getting better and better. The staff is friendly, the music is great and the food is fantastic. 

It's a great place for a happy hour date or a large dinner with friends. If you haven't been here yet I recommend check it out and you will be hooked like me!
I love the Compound Grill!  Food was great and anywhere that offers thai, sushi AND mexican and does all of them well= heaven.  Music was fantastic and great acoustics.  I'm definitely a fan!
Since my husband and I are vegetarians, I can't tell you how thrilled we are to have this place nearby. Their menu is based on organic, local, healthy food and very veggie friendly. The menu is great, I am especially fond of the Veggie Burros and the LEED Burger. They have great lunch specials for $9.95 which includes a beverage. Don't go on a Friday or Saturday night if you are looking to have a quiet conversation. The bands will be playing and depending on where you are seated, intense conversations could be challenging. I've always enjoyed the music personally and this this place is a great addition to the Phoenix restaurant/music scene.
My rating is actually more of a 3 1/2 star rating than a 4, but since that is not an option I figured I'd be generous and round up.  This is also for the bar area only.

Compound Grill is a place that I wanted to love so much.  We've been here three times, with our first experience being the best.  That was about seven months ago and we were soo happy to find they had Bear Republic Racer 5 on tap, as well as a variety of Bells Beers.  It was so promising - finding craft beer in the North Scottsdale area.  We were also soo happy to sit at the bar and be entertained while Los Lobos took the stage and played an amazing set.  Although it was crowded and finding a seat was a challenge, we were enamored.  Or so we thought.  

The next time we visited Compound Grill was about three months later.  The place was practically empty - even around Happy Hour time, and when we went to the bar to order our beers - all of our favorite kegs were tapped.  Bear Republic - Sorry - out.  Bells Oberon - out.  Bells Two Hearted Ale - Out again.  We decided to just order a round of bottles - but really had no intention of staying past the first round because the vibe quickly turned from happy to disappointed.

About two months after, we visited Compound again - to watch Vinyl Station perform.  They put on a good show - and once again - the place was crowded.  They did have all of their beers on tap which was a relief - so we realized we must've just hit it on an off night previously.

My feelings on Compound Grill are mixed.  I love the idea of a music venue in North Scottsdale with a good drink selection.  It's kind of like what Tempe used to be - going to ASU and watching all of the local bands.  And although the beers are kind of pricey (ranging from $6-$8 for a pint), it would be worth paying if there was a band we really wanted to see.  But would we stop in here just to sit at the bar and relax?  Not likely. I just feel like there are so many better places to go in the area, at a lower price.
Have been to Compound for many happy hours and brunches. Excellent food and always wonderful service. Just watched the football game today, was there THREE hours and spent a ton of money drinking and having dinner. They had a concert, we didn't know about. They asked us to leave or pay $10 a head. We spent over $100 and would have spent over $100 more at least. My friend asked the hostess to PLEASE waive the fee since we'd been there so long. She did! We moved to the bar per her request, and the manager-THOMAS, came over-after we ordered another round and asked us to leave. BEFORE we had two sips of our drinks. I told him the hostess said we could stay, and he called us liars. He then proceeded to belittle the very accommodating hostess in front of the other patrons. Others left they were so uncomfortable. I will NEVER go there again...SO RUDE!!!
First off, I will have to say that the food is very good, especially the green chili turkey burger.  I was a big fan of this restaurant, but each time I go back, I feel like it gets worse and worse.  The service is horrible.  It is the bar staff that is just down right rude and they do not know what customer service is.  I waited and waited and waited for someone to come to our table to greet us and take our order, but no one ever did.  I was so annoyed I just walked out.  They don't smile and they do not acknowledge you.  It seems as if you have annoyed them by walking in there.  Give this place a try, but beware of the rude staff service.
Yay! Now they have a better Happy Hour and a Reverse Happy Hour! Another plus for this place! So far some of the bands we have  loved What Laura Says, Bill Dutcher, Delcoa, Easton Ashe, CowBoy Junkies
(of course) Matt Schoefeld... and a few others great atmosphere and service with good food organic food supporting local vendors which is always nice.
My dad took me here on the morning I was leaving Arizona for brunch.  I don't even remember what I had, but it was really good.  Guess that's not such a glowing endorsement, but it's all I got.  Apparently they have live music at nights, which I wouldn't mind checking out next time I'm in town.  The end.
I've been to a couple shows here, and the live sound is as good as anywhere in the Valley.  Great beer selection, and the food ranges from acceptable (hummus) to great (burger).  Mostly friendly staff.  Service is always on the better side of okay - but you can expect a hassle (or maybe just indifference?) from the front door staff.  Otherwise, the location is the only bummer for me.
I have been to the compound grill on two occasions.  Both times I was disappointed with the food.  The service was fine, and the drinks were great.

I can put it to you this way.  I have four or five free app coupons in my purse, and I haven't bothered to use them.  One dish, in particular, has kept me away from there - the bean dip, which I no longer see on the menu was truly awful.

I would go there and meet up for drinks, but I wouldn't bother to eat there, even for free.
I always enjoy the concerts here, and the food is good.  I am sometimes disappointed with the service.   Everyone is super friendly,  but they forget to bring the drinks we ordered and we end up going to the bar to get them...

6/25/11  I still go to the Compound often, as the selection of live musical act seen here are second to none in the Phoenix area.  However, I continue to be disappointed in the service, and food. Last time I was there my sister had a taco, and the fish was bad.... how can you serve up bad fish? My other sister ordered some soup and they just did not bring it, they left and she had to go up to the bar and ask for her food.  When we were seated and waited about 30 minutes before anyone acknowledged us... I had to say kind of loudly, "looks like we have no waiter" and someone finally came over to us... the place was dead... and they ignored us, a table of 5....  The staff is friendly but they just do not get good customer service.. and if your going to charge for top quality food, make sure it is infact top quality, and most importantly fresh...

I will keep frequenting the Compound like I said I love the music,  but they really need to do something about the service.  I've been there maybe 20 times, and it is often very poor....
We stopped here here for lunch Sunday and it was totally dead. I think there was 4 tables. This place is big with lots of seating. They have a good size stage and bands that play almost nightly. My girlfriend got the ahi tuna. The tuna was good, cooked perfectly and had a nice lemon and fresh herb taste. The veggies that came with could have been cooked just a bit more cause they were still very crunchy but they did tasted good. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice, beans, with a green chili sauce. The chicken enchilada was big and stuffed full of chicken. It was not rolled like your typical enchilada but it was more like a stacked enchilada. Rice was good and the beans were very light in texture. They were whipped and were very smooth. I did like the beans but they needed some salt for sure. The kido got a cheese crisp and fries. She is so funny cause she is really picky about what color the cheese is and if it is open of folded like a quesadilla. She wanted it open and with yellow cheddar. It came folded and with white cheese on it. lol She ate just the fries. When they came back they asked if we wanted them to make something else she said she was good with the fries so we said thanks but we will be ok. About 5 min later they came out with 3 small mini cheese crisps for her with yellow cheddar. lol This was so cool of the rest. This was really nice of them. Overall I liked it, I think the place has a great menu and prices are good. I want to come back and check out some music. I took a look at the happy hour menu and they have $3 wings and many other happy hour specials for $3-6. That I will be going back for!!!
***SPOILED FOOD AND BAD SERVICE FROM MANAGER**

We went out on a family dinner about 2 Fridays ago.  We were seated very quickly and the restaurant was busy.  The live music was great and it reminded me of the restaurants in Austin, TX.  We of course went there for the food and service as well and here it goes: 

-DRINKS: My husband ordered a beer on tap that never came. He had to go to the bar to order one. Then out of the blue, the server puts a beer on the table without any comments. 

-WAIT TIME FOR FOOD: 45 minutes with no 1 visit from our waiter. We were dining with our 2 boys (8 & 6) who were climbing the walls at this point and hungry. I also 6 months pregnant was very hungry.

- FOOD: I ordered two tacos, one shrimp and one Mahi Mahi. I also ordered beans and rice.  The Mahi Mahi tacos had a funny smell to them, they had gone BAD/spoiled.  I know what bad fish smells like.  I couldn't believe that a cook actually cooked and served BAD fish since BAD fish has a weird smell from the time its taken out of the package to cooking it and to the table.  
  -Rice and Beans: The pinto beans albino colored, I had never seen that color of beans.  The beans didn't taste like beans at all. I did not eat the remainder of my food after being disgusted from the bad fish smell. 

-MANAGER: I spoke to the Manager regarding the spoiled fish. He said that he would come grab it from the table. He took my entire plate back and asked if I would like anything else.  I stated that I was afraid to place another order since it took so long to get our food. I ordered some salsa and chips.

-SALSA & CHIPS: The chips were not fresh and hard, the salsa was terrible! I was not happy.

-MANAGER RETURNS: The manager apologized and confirmed that the fish WAS SPOILED, I told him that I new this and if I had eaten in in my pregnant stage I would have been VERY sick. He offered to comp my meal and a gift card for a future visit.

- THE BILL: The meal was not completely comped. I was charged for the side of beans and rice- which was in the plate w/the Mahi Mahi.
We were also charged for the other beer that took forever to come. My husband had to dispute this.  The charges were removed from the bill. 

-MANAGER IGNORED ME:  As I walked to the front of the restaurant with my 2 boys, the manager saw me and and kept on walking. He returned to the front and decided to ignore me.  NEVER did he bring up the fact that he was going to issue me a gift card for my BAD experience. At this point, I decided that we weren't going to be returning to this restaurant.  

-KID FRIENDLY: Yes, they offered a kids menu w/drinks.

NOTE TO THE MANAGER:** RESTAURANTS STRUGGLE AND MANY OF THEM DON'T SURVIVE IN SCOTTSDALE. PEOPLE KNOW PEOPLE AND WORD OF MOUTH SPREADS LIKE WILDFIRE.  I HAVE WARNED ALL OF MY FRIENDS ABOUT MY BAD EXPERIENCE. DON'T FORGET WHY YOU ARE IN BUSINESS AND WHO KEEPS YOU IN BUSINESS!
I do not love the food here and (I feel like an old lady saying this but,) the music is generally too loud. That said, they get some AWESOME acts, a good beer selection and I can live with the fish & chips (don't expect "traditional" - think bread crumbs...).

Shows sell out! Make a reservation whenever possible for better seating options.
Great food especially for lunch because there are certain items that come with protein and a drink. I love going here with a friend from work during lunch for a great atmosphere an awesome food!
My first and only time there may overinflate my opinion but this is one of my favorite places in town because it's also a venue. I got to go see Martin Sexton play live so I showed up a couple hours early. We didn't reserve a table so we got to put our feet up on couches in the lounge and they brought us our food there. I had the fish tacos and thought they were great. There was a Suns game that night so the place was packed for that as well. Very cool place.
Loved the place.  The service was great.  My glass never emptied until I left.  The food was great.  We did not realize that they have music every night.  We arrived early but the place was becoming packed as we were leaving.  The music was really good and not too loud, especially for the size of the place.  The variety of food on the menu would serve a variety of tastes.  Highly recommended!
Slow, albeit friendly, service.  Menu is WAY too big for their own good (think a little smaller than Cheesecake Factory), and food is a huge disappointment. 

I had the shrimp tacos: TWO TINY PIECES of shrimp in each dry tortilla!  Had to ask for guac and hot sauce.  Also, the rice sucked and the beans were def frozen "beans" that had been heated up.  
My mom (yes, I lunch with my mom :)) had the plain, dry French toast with a side of Turkey sausage, which is probably the only thing I liked at this place. 

Maybe the live music is cool when it's here, otherwise, this place is a definite pass
This place is random.  R A N D O M random.  I don't "get" it.
Went for lunch, while taking a break from medical testing at the Mayo Clinic.  This place was empty.  Ok, there were a half dozen other people there, but it barely counts with the size of the place.
Now, I like that there is a stage (guess who thought of doing comedy there???!!!) and that they have live music that promotes local bands.  I am all for that.  But, there comes a point when you can't have the place seem too classy for that sort of thing.  Framed pictures of different musical icons are nice, but overplayed.  Everywhere else.  
It just doesn't work here at Compound Grill.
I had the fish n chips for lunch.  5 nuggets of fish places over a bowl of fries that weren't anything special.  When will people stop serving shoestring fries????  It was cool that everything was served in a bowl made from an old record that had been warped into...the shape of a bowl, though.  
Service was friendly and attentive.  The manager or owner or whoever he was also present.  I'm guessing because they though there would be a lunch rush.
For this area, in N Phoenix, so close to the 101/51 and N Scottsdale, I would expect a bigger lunch crowd.  Without it, I guess shows I'm not the first person to just find the place "meh."
Great place to see a band play - The stage is large, they offer great seating options, a cute little dance area, and the sound system rocks. I wouldn't come here just for dinner and drinks.
I wanted to love this place so bad but they just really under-delivered.  '

I went to see the Young Dubliners and Brazen Heads show which actually was pretty good.  The sound was nice and we had a table which made viewing the show really nice. 

Food and beverages were the major failure for me.  For starters they ran out of Guiness and Diet Coke.  Let me remind you this is an irish show so Guiness is a major asset and to run out is completely absurd.  The diet coke goes with Jameson and not having that is pretty amazing as well.  

I spoke to two seperate staff outside about the Guiness and they told me that I should just do irish car bombs with Moosedrool.  LOL I couldn't believe it no apologies or anything.  

My food order was a 16oz grass fed rib-eye and griddled mashed potato's.  Honestly the best part was the side.  The steak had huge globs of unmelted fat in it and I had to saw it with my knife to cut pieces off.  I couldn't believe how badly it was cooked especially with the $24 price tag on it.  

I would've given 3.5 stars but the guiness mishap just knocked it down to a complete 2 star failure.
Went last night for Zoe Keating concert. The sound was good and our coffees were pretty tasty (though overpriced) but with our $15 ticket, we didn't "make a reservation" so we were seated on the other side of the bar as far away from the stage as possible. If you're going to pay $15 for an hour concert, it should at the very least include a table in the actual concert area. I thought that was a little ridiculous. They also charged a $4 "service charge" (for what??) on each ticket. Though they have a nice stage and layout, I will never be back.
food is decent and the beer selection is good.  service is the worst.  i've been there over 5 times now and every time it gets worse.  one time we sat in an empty restaurant for over 10 minutes waiting for someone to come to the bar and wait on us.  last night we went there during happy hour and then got the bill with full price food on it.  we asked why it wasn't happy hour pricing and the waiter says "i gave you the regular price portion" we said "we ordered the food during happy hour, we assumed that you'd bring us the happy hour food"  he literally just stared for about 20 seconds like we'd just spoken a foreign language.  then he said well, maybe you ordered it after 6pm.  the woman i was with said "the receipt is time stamped at 549" he goes, well i guess i could give you the happy hour price then, but the portions for that are much smaller.  total jackass.  
i know that the face of the restaurant is the service, and if they are lousy or have a bad day that will reflect poorly on the restaurant which may not be to blame.  but after 5 times, i can safely say there are better alternatives to this place.  so many restaurants within a 5 mile radius - don't go here.
I really enjoyed myself here tonight.  I forgot to bring some earplugs, so my ears are still ringing from listening to the live band, but that's okay.  They sounded fantastic and were a lot of fun to listen to.  I had the Ranchero Salad with grilled shrimp, and it was delicious--excellent tomatoes and fresh mixed greens.  My Racer IPA from CO was great, as well.  Service was good.  All in all, an enjoyable evening.  I would definitely come back for the music, the beer, and the food!
After dinner, we wanted to sit and have a few drinks.  We stumbled into The Compound Grill.  They were charging a $5.00 cover fee that night, but the bouncer guy was nice to let us in at no cover.   The Ray Johnston Band was playing very awesome music.  We sat outside in the patio enjoying the cool weather.  A friend had ordered the Compound Quesadilla.  The quesadilla dip was melted with Monterey jack cheese and generous potion of green chili.   It was sooooooo good!  The staff was attentive and made us feel very comfortable and relaxed.  We even received a sampler CD for the upcoming McDowell Mountain Music Festival.  They have fried green tomatoes here, anyone try it yet?
We went here tonight on a whim. My husband had lunch here last week and wanted to take me to dinner to try it and I happened to be near his office so we headed over. 

I like that they have lots of local talent, it seems, on their stage. We were there before the night's show so we just saw the opening act but he was good. Service was plenty attentive, so no complaints there. Our waiter even told us to order quickly because once it got busier, food would take longer to come out. We started with the chips and two salsas. I really liked the avocado/tomatillo salsa which was a great, fresh-tasting compliment to the fresh chips. 

For dinner, I had the turkey green chile burger. It was alright. Decent flavor but nothing super special. The yam fries (sweet potatoes are white, not orange but hey, everyone does it!) were really good! They had a great flavor and an awesome, crunchy-on-the-outside-creamy-on-the-inside texture. My husband had the quesadilla burger which was better than mine. You can tell the quality of the ingredients is very good here and as much as possible, they seem to use organic fare. His burger was cooked just as he ordered, medium rare, was juicy and very flavorful.

Their beer list is very impressive and they have some great offerings you don't tend to see on menus outside of their local markets (many in Colorado). Overall, I would come here again and try some more menu items and stay for the show and maybe bump up my rating with a "wow" dish.
The Compound
This venue does not honor their contracts with artists that perform at the premises...do not play this event unless you are prepared to receive a BS story about why they wont pay there contractual obligation despite your band packing the house with at least 250 people, their music director "Kyle Day" is a liar, cheat and participates in un-ethical business practices...AKA....Arsehole....
To Lee E. I was there last night. The headline band was Silent Film which was appropriate except for the 35 minutes they played they WERE. Lets explore the Kyle Day comment. He books a band to headline a Friday night, the place is open well past midnight and the headline band announces at 9:35 "this is our last song, thanks for coming". Then he gets to argue with some lymie prick manager for 20 minutes about why the band is only playing for 35 minutes. Then he gets to refund cover charges to people who paid to see the band. Then he asks the band that played before Silent Film to come back onstage and play for the people who are still there. If you would have noticed the place was full because people came to see Ashley sing. Back to Kyle Days master plan, so he does all this before 10:00 P.M. You are probably right, this was a huge money making night to have the headline band quit at 9:35. I hope Danny Zelesko or Live Nation don't get wind of this it is "brilliant". See you next Tuesday.
Yippe-kai-aaaay! Honey and I met friends there last Friday after hearing so many great things about this joint and I am pleased to let you know, they were all spot on. 
We saddled up to a table near the bar, ordered drinks (me a skinny marg which was good, but a little weird because of the bubbly? i guess they thought adding soda water made it skinnier?) and once our friends joined us we ordered the queso fondue appetizer. Melted cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms served with warm tortilla chips? Can I get a Hell-yeah? It was super yum. Like moaning at each bite nummy. Also not too heavy like some cheese-based appetizers can be. We got more chips and cleaned house. 
Onto entrees. Honey and I shared the steak fajitas and our friends shared the quesadilla burger. Everyone at the table ordered a $2 taco add-on (that my friends, is Brilliant!) and whallah, here's comes the goods, perfectly timed. 
Our fajitas were loaded with crispy veggies - you name it, it was in there. Sooooo flipping over the top good. And a testament to their quality of meat was that you didn't need to scissor your front teeth for 2 minutes after each bite to separate the rest of the meat in the tortilla to that in your mouth. Excellent stuff! 
Our friends also loved their burger and the tacos were the perfect complement to both of our meals. 
The music - first some guy with a guitar and a great voice and then a old-time country music band were very enjoyable. The music wasn't too loud, the quality was excellent and while none of us are country music fans, it was fun to hear everyone's favorites sung live - and very well. 
Overall, a GREAT place to eat and relax and enjoy music. We'll certainly be back.
Live music was good. Food was ok...I can take it or leave it, nothing great
If you didn't give this place 5 stars, you did not eat their street tacos.  We found them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival however many months ago and were finally in the area around dinner time.

We ordered three apps, the steak, and street tacos.  I had a margarita, hubby had some good beer, the kiddo had apple juice.

As a family we agreed that it was COMPLETELY worth the trip and the wait.  We had such a nice night on the patio... 

Husband has quite the appetite and three steak tacos were too much for him.

Feast and be merry!
Compound Grill is great.  I work across the street so I've been there for lunch a few times.  I recently just had my first live music experience there which was fantastic.  

First, the food ingredients always taste fresh and the service is very friendly and accomodating.  And here is where the accomodating piece really was kicked up a notch for me.  As mentioned, I just recently went to Compound for a Thursday night show.  The band playing was pretty popular, so by the time we arrived, it was packed.  They couldn't accomodate our table of five, so jokingly I asked if we could sit in the "VIP" area right by the stage.  Thinking the girl would laugh, she instead said seriously, "let me ask my manager."  Within about 10 seconds, we were seated in VIP.  How great of them!

What's great is Compound is it's not a stuffy place.  The food is organic, but the atmosphere is really laid back.  Overall review: great food, great service, great atmosphere.
I love the layout of The Compound. The food is good, but the service is slow. I love that there is a nice live music venue in our neighborhood. Well done John, just beef up the service.
Good food, not a bad place to hear a show.  Nice beer selection.  The tacos are quite good.
We made a reservation for a birthday on 7/11/11 about a week prior to visiting compound grill, I was very excited to finally eat here, only problem, THEY WERE CLOSED when we showed up. You would think that they would have mentioned to us that they were closed on mondays when we made the reservation for monday or even if they forgot at the time of the reservation, maybe once the date approached they would see in their books that there was a reservation made for a day that they were not even open and call and let us know. nope none of that. So unfortunately I can not rate the food but something tells me things are a little screwed up if you schedule a customer for a reservation on a day you are closed. Get things right and do it quick because I have had the ceviche at culinary festival and it was great.....
I enjoy this place...mainly for the entertainment factor. The food is okay and the drinks are priced as you would expect at any bar in Scottsdale. They do have some good drink specials some nights during the week. I love that they are trying very hard to keep the live music steady; this can't be easy. 
They have a fair amount of seating so as long as you don't get there too late there should be plenty of room for you and your friends to sit and have a great night.
I have to give Compound a middle of the road three stars based on averaging several experiences here.  I've had stellar times, I've had awful times - but the music will keep me coming back.

Am I rating a music venue that serves food, or a food venue that spotlights live music?  If the former, I'd give the place 4 stars.  The latter would get 2.  So - here we are, back at .3.

The service has been pretty consistently awful across the board.  I don't think I've had what I'd consider good service ever.  
The most recent vist came close.  But did involve waiting almost a half hour to be aknowledged at the table, and a very strange cocktail incident.  I ordered an Irish Coffee.  I ended up getting a deconstructed version.  She asked if I wanted it with Bailey's or "just" whisky.  Well, Irish coffee doesn't have Bailey's, so I opted for the "just whisky" version.  The waitress came back with my water and my friend's beer and told me they just put up fresh coffee for me.  YAY!  Then she comes with a shot glass of whisky.  The sugar caddy was already on the table.  Then comes the mug of coffee and cream.  It's a build your own Irish Coffee bar!  Just like BYO Bloody Mary - but NOT.  Given this was the second not-acceptable experience with Irish coffee in two weeks - at two places - I am thinking it gets relegated to an "at home" drink for me!

Over the past couple of years, I have had several items off the menu (apps, entrees and desserts) and have had the buffet sometimes served on the patio.  I love the concept of what they're doing with food (local, organic where possibe, etc.) - the execution is lacking and the prices reflect the N Scottsdale location.

Like I said - it's not the food, it's not the service - the music will keep me coming back.  I can eat and drink at other places before and after - but when you want to see a specific performer or band - and that's where they're booked - you can overlook the crap service, right?

POSITIVE SIDE NOTE - they recently raised the stage - so for standing room only shows, you can actually see the band now, even if you're not in the front row!
I recently saw one of my favorite bands here and was so impressed by the venue and the food that I rated it five stars.

As far as the food goes, my friends and I split the ceviche gazpacho and the quesadilla burger.  The gazpacho tasted too spicy for my weak taste buds, but all of my companions raved about it.  My mouth watered over the quesadilla burger!  This treat was tasty enough to bring me back to The Compound even if I'm not seeing a band (and I live 40 minutes away).  Eden, our server, provided excellent service during dinner, and during the show.

We went to The Compound to see a band we really like.  We arrived early to eat and get situated in our reserved table.  Situated near the stage, the table proved a great place to rest between songs, and it was nice to be able to sit if we wanted.  The acoustics in the center of the floor offer a crisper sound than the tables to the side.  I really like that we could reserve the table ahead of time and not have to fight for a seat in a packed venue.  Matt, the manager, also shared the extra advertising posters with us, which made us all extremely happy. 

Not only will I come back for the food, I would not hesitate to see music in this venue.  If you like small venues and The Compound is hosting a band you like, you would be crazy not to go.
Wow.  Amazing food.  The portions were generous and the food amazing.  I recommend the short ribs, really big portions.  My wife got the shrimp and scallops but had them prepare it with olive oil and garlic to avoid the cream sauce (lactose intolerance) and it was delicious.  The beer selection is impressive, I recommend the Porter.  Live music gave it a great atmosphere.
The fact that it was difficult to find doesn't factor into the terrible rating, but for those of you who need help (as I did), it's on Mayo to the far west side of the complex (by the chain stores, not in the center with the theater).

Pulling up, you see a nice building with stone work. The lounge and bar area were beautiful. NOTE: This is where you need to sit if you want to have a conversation with your companions. In the main seating area, which is big, open, cold (literally and figuratively) and with little decor, it's very loud.

We went last Sunday to the free AZ Chicks with Picks show. It was fine. Some of the performers were even good. It's really the food and service that I find fault with.

Hubby started with the steak quesadillas. At $15 it's steep for an appetizer, but the portion is large. The steak was plentiful and well seasoned (good grill taste). I had the apricot and brie crisp, which came out half burned. It's VERY sweet, although the fresh arugula tries its best to balance it.

What got me was we were literally four bites into our apps when the bus boy delivers our entrees. Seriously? Drops them off and leaves. The kitchen doesn't know enough to time food? The busser isn't smart enough to see we have plates full of food already??

I had the shrimp and scallops. It had a terrible fishy smell and was literally inedible. The sauce was too hot (spicy). The rice was crunchy and undercooked. My mixed veggies were coated in oil. Hubby had the chewy steak, strange mashed potatoes, and also mixed veggies (interestingly, he had rapini, while I did not, and his had no grill marks but was still swimming in oil). 

We left our entrees uneaten and filled up on a pizza cookie for dessert. If you must eat there, I'd stick to the burgers, which get good reviews, or the apps, as the entrees are expensive and terrible. 

The only time our waitress showed any kindness was to thank us as we were leaving. Damn us and our over-tipping.
Good drink prices for happy hour but steak sandwich was made with beef jerky I believe! Didn't experience the eBay
Entertainment,  heard it was good. The bartender, I hope it wasn't the manager, was on the inattentive side, sarcastic and not very friendly. Not a good thing in these economic times. Can name several places that have come and gone due to this. Might try again, it was a busy night due to Scottsdale Chamber holding an event there from what I understand.
I went to The Compound strictly to see a band play. I did not try any of the food, so I can only comment on this place as a music venue. 

The Compound really needs to rethink the set up of this place. It's more of a resaurant and any band playing there almost gets resigned to background music. I don't like the set up of the tables. It's just not great for watching a band. You have the servers passing by every few minutes to take orders and deliver food to tables. This is distracting for someone trying to enjoy the music. 
I think it would be best if the restaurant was seperated from the stage area. 
Though the band I saw at The Compound was awesome, I would probably not go back to The Compound for a concert unless it was a band I was truly dying to see. The set up of this place I find just that bad. 
I may go back to try the food, but as far as seeing a band here the experience wasn't that great to make me come back for a concert.
For a restaurant centered around its music venue, the food is better than many restaurants centered solely around their food. The music was great, too, but that's to be expected. To start, we ordered the spinach salad with crispy noodles, cherry tomatoes, candied walnuts and apple cider dressing soaked oranges, then the fish tacos wrapped in lettuce with a side of refried beans and veggie-full spanish rice, and the grilled veggie burrito. Everything was delicious. 

 Everything also cost about 40 bucks, which made me more relieved that it was delicious, rather than impressed (I mean, fish I understand, but grilled veggies and spinach? 13 dollars each? Eh.) Plus, you have to pay the cover charge to see whatever band is playing, so be prepared to spend. Also, place is about -10 degrees and I am convinced they're trying to freeze customers and sell them on the black market as human popsicles.

All in all, here's how to have a good time: bring a friend who likes music, a LocalDines certificate, and a parka.
Love this venue, wish it was closer to my house though.  The food and service has always been great.  Awesome acts nice clean atmosphere. I highly recommend.
Went here for the Skatalites show on 4/7/12.

I don't know, this place is weird. It's like a restaurant that wants to have concerts?

Really weird vibe. I got there in the middle of the opener and walked in to find a bunch of people sitting around and eating food at tables. That's cool I guess but I really didn't feel right standing, not that I care what anyone thinks about me but it just seemed odd.

Older people, yuppies and just a weird restaurant vibe. I also overheard one of the bartenders complaining about how there's no music scene in Phoenix. I've heard that for years and it pisses me off. While this place may be right off a freeway and not really too inconvenient, it sure does look inconvenient on a map. I would think their location alienates roughly 2/3 of the valley. Poor choice for a music venue location in my opinion.

Bartenders were nice but like I said the place just has a weird vibe. I don't know that being in a strip mall makes it any less odd either.

Almost forgot, the set timing was horrible. There was almost an entire hour between the opener and closer (only 2 bands played). I'm not sure whose fault that was but it seemed like just another thing to add to the overall awkwardness of the join.
For me, the best part of being a Yelper is discovering new, fabulous, local businesses that I can indulge in and spread the love about. It's even better when I accidentally stumble upon a coffee gold mine, like I did Dolce Espresso.

I unwittingly locked myself and my dog out of my house this morning and lucky for me I had a phone and a wallet to remedy the situation.  We walked down to Camelback and headed west from 12th street and right before 10th street on our way to check out Noble Beast and wait for a friend with a key, I came across this little coffee shop tucked away between a Psychic and Anne's Flower and Gift Shop.  When I walked in, the owner, Cesar, greeted me politely and shared with me his special light, dark, and medium roast coffee blend that comes from beans all over the world.  Perfectly roasted and just-right bitterly delicious.  I ordered an egg, spinach, and provolone sandwich on a bagel which was tasty and filling.

The place itself is pretty nifty and ready to cater to the urban Phoenix crowd. Plenty of tables and chairs along with a couple sofas and three plasma TV's makes this place an optimal choice for someone looking to grab a quick bite, sit down and enjoy a cup of smooth coffee, or relax and take advantage of their free WiFi.  The best part of it all?  Cesar keeps the place open til midnight during the week, and it's 24 hours all weekend.  So instead of stumbling drunk into Denny's after a dance-off with a gay cowboy at Charlie's, head to Dolce and choose from any of their delicious sandwiches (breakfast and lunch) and a beverage to sober up and shoot the shit about the night's crazy shenanigans.  

This is exactly what central Phoenix needs.  Here's to great awakenings for this charming little coffee shop that's willing to do what no other business in the area wants to - stay open past 10pm.  And it's "family" owned to, so I'm proud to blow this place up.
Chai!  After days of thinking about it, I finally had chai.  I feel really guilty that I hadn't been here before, since I can literally walk here.  
Comfy couches, lots of tables!  One even had a gigantic checkers game on it.  
Three huge video screens on the wall.  I'm not sure what mood the owner was in last night, but it was all Madonna (yeah, bitches!), Shakira and Britney videos.  OMG she did a remake of "I Love Rock n Roll" which really pisses me off.  *grumble*
Anyway, they have a pretty big menu.  Their hours are awesome:  They're open till midnight during the week and 24/7 on weekends.   FTW!  Now I know I have somewhere to go late at night for a hunk of cheesecake.
This place needs some decor.  I mean, the pointsettia was nice and all, but what happens after Xmas?  Walls are bare except for the screens playing girl-pop.  
They make all their own desserts (except for the muffins) and have a large coffee/tea menu.  
I'll be back.  If I see that Britney video again, though, I will slay kittens.
Carmel Bianca!!! Oh my Effin Gosh... that's the stuff! It's yum. I'm a fan of white chocolate flavored coffee so maybe I'm bias and why I simply enjoyed my 16oz of Carmel Bianca goodness. It's simply espresso, steamed milk, white chocolate and carmel drizzled on top. And that's the signature drink of Dolce Espresso.

Thanks to Yelp I decided last night after a driving lesson with L that I was too tired to drive home without something to pick me up... and that was reason enough to make the short trek to Dolce because I've always wanted to try it. Wasn't exactly sure where it was, and happy to find that it's just across from Padre's next to a Psychic place. Dolce has a cool vibe with music videos playing. And they're good songs too... like I had never seen Pitbull's "The Anthem" video... liked it! Enjoyed my Carmel Bianca with a slice of their Chicago Style Cheesecake. I liked the cheesecake because it was different in taste compared to other cheesecakes, it was like a marzipan with cheese frosting on top... so it was interesting. Not really a fan of the German Choc that my friends K and D got. I thought it was dry... yuck! 

It's a small place that's bright, with four flat screens spread about. The owner, Cesar (I think) was a sweetheart! I just hope Dolce survives as a 24 hour cafe on weekends because this place has potential. It's way better than counterculture cafe back in the day. This is like the best place to go after the bars if you need a pick me up before heading home to the eastside from central Phoenix. Prices are moderate. SO pls check this place out and spread the word... love it and I'll be back!
Two and a half stars, really. 

This place is really quite strange. Video coffee bar? I don't have much to compare it to, I guess.

We'll start with the coffee: traditional espresso macchiato. No microfoam, large bubbles in the milk, too hot to drink right away. The shot was good, but by the time it was cool enough to drink had lost quite a bit of flavor.

Very friendly service, on the other hand. Given that Phoenix-foam tends to be subpar, I tend to think that service and atmosphere are almost more viable measures for successful coffeeshops than coffee. (in Phoenix) 

The actual place was pretty odd. Large paintings of Mexican sugar skulls in the back, nice chairs and tables, an orange faux-finish on the walls... And then the video bar element. Three huge flatscreens on the wall playing pop music videos from the '90s. Very strange, in my opinion. I'm not sure that Cher and Madonna really mesh with coffee shop, but I guess they're trying something new. 

I had a nice time lounging and it was relatively quiet with regularly good lighting.
I've passed this non descript place a number of times since it opened in November. Tired of patronizing Starbucks (why are there always at least two within a mile of each other?), I opted to give Dolce a try. 

I will definitely come back because when it comes to a coffee shop, the vibe and interaction with the staff is so important. You want to feel it's okay to be a squatter for a few hours. The owner seems like a real down-to-earth, friendly guy. He told me how he was a property manager and started serving coffee and pastries out of is apartment(!). All I've tried so far is their medium chai latte. Whoa, does that have a kick! There must be cayenne pepper or something; it's definitely a sinus-clearer. I learned they make all their baked goods themselves including some HUGE cupcakes. 

I like the skulls art and bright orange-yellow decor. There's a giant checkers set and couches and tables. Though I wonder if this place is making the "gayborhood" stretch beyond gay Denny's on 7th Street, hehe. I've been the only girl in here all day. And I keep overhearing conversations criticizing what girls are wearing in the music videos playing as well as the staff singing along to an old Paula Abdul song, hehe. But they have free Wi-fi and are actually open 24 hours on the weekends which is rare in Phoenix! It's good to know on the weekends, if I go out to dinner, there's a place I can hang out at later that night.
With a disappointed sigh, one of the few after hours options limps off into the sunset.  Sadly, Dolce is no longer open all night - even on the weekends.  Also - of the 5 times I wanted a croissant, they only had it twice.  Still recommended... but please!  Someone open something that's all-night and non-diner-y!

ORIGINAL REVIEW: 
The urban nightcrawler in me danced the dance of joy when I heard there was a 24-hour indie coffeehouse in my neighborhood (at least on the weekends)!

The various bakery options are oversized and decadently sweet - pretty tasty.  The real stars are the coffee and the breakfast items.  Like a couple of others below, I'm a fan of the caramel bianco, which has a richer, deeper, more complex espresso flavor than the big chains.  When you get a ham, egg, and cheese croissant, you're getting a huge, fluffy, buttery croissant with a nice portion of tangy ham, and eggs that are actually fluffy (not flattened into one solid brick of egg).  Perhaps a tad messy if you're eating in the car, but if you're going to hang out here (which you should), it's well worth it.

The service isn't as crazy fast as a Starbucks, but it's well worth the quality and personal attention.  If you're not in a hurry, consider it an opportunity to get to know Leo, who owns and operates the place and is always a good conversationalist.  I'd prefer to chat or read than watch inane pop videos, which kinda get in the way of the whole coffeehouse experience for me. 

I've been looking for something to replace Counter Culture ever since it left the McDowell location, and while Dolce is only 24 hours on the weekends, it's definitely got potential.  I look forward to becoming a 3am regular.
Let me preface by saying I don't drink coffee. I also don't eat many sweets. So the suggestion to go to a coffee bar that's getting known for its desserts seemed like an illogical destination for me. But me and logic have a special understanding: we don't get each other. 

The chai latte was terrific and our group all enjoyed their coffee concoctions. Apparently the German chocolate cake was out of this world. 

Cesar was an absolute doll. He showed us the patio behind the cafe and shared the improvements that will be added to open this space up and be accommodating to summer patrons; fans and a misting system will be erected. I'm not sure if there will be TVs outside or not. Since they are open 24 hours over the weekend, this should be an awesome place to end the night come summer. Or even now, really. 

So on the the video aspect. *Maid in Manhattan* was on the afternoon we were there and it's amazing how much JLo reminds me of Chi-Chi from *To Wong Foo*. They will be holding an Academy Awards viewing event on March 7 so if you want to watch and don't have anyone with whom to watch, head on over. Have a chai latte; eat some sweets. Oh, and there's free Wi-Fi.
Really Great!
Extremely nice staff!!
Amazing hours! 
Loved the chai tea w/ espresso (great flavor, not sweet!).
Made to order sandwich (mine: tuna fish, egg, tomato, avocado, spinach, provolone, on wheat = so good!).
Free wifi (wasn't slow like some places!)
I liked the music videos.
Desserts look great (Going to get a chocolate chip cookie soon!)
2 big couches, 8 tables, plenty of electrical plugs, + outdoor seating out back! If they get busy, they really have plenty of space to bring in a few more tables.
It is really easy to miss this place when driving by; it is in the middle of a little strip of stores. Front parking is very limited, but there is a big side parking lot. 
~enjoy!
So, does Dolce Espresso Video Coffee Bar suck or is it a beacon of brilliance?

If you love espresso and hang out at places like Sola, Press, Conspire or Cartel, you are not going to strike gold at Dolce. The staff struck out on my americano and cappuccino. The americano was thin and watery. The cap had pathetic, soapy-looking microfoam. Both were way too hot. As in "read 20 pages and then try taking a sip" hot. That's a great way to ruin an espresso drink.

If you want a nice place to hang out and have dessert while watching some music videos (of the lightweight pop variety) at all hours of the night, this is a winner. 

Me? I'm too much into my cappuccino to rate Dolce highly. I think it's a great place for certain people. Some will rate Dolce a five, and it's all about what they want in a coffeehouse.
I live right around the corner and have never noticed this place since you can't even see the sign driving by it.  But if you drive by very slowly you can see the sign by the street telling you what they have in this strip mall and it just says "coffee" for this place.  I ordered Going Bananas which is apparently their specialty drink and oh man~tastes exactly like chocolate covered bananas and it is DELICIOUS! The best part of that experience is how friendly the guy who works there is.  I'm not too sure if he's the boss or not, but he was very helpful and super nice! There are also a few games like checker that you can play there.  And I love the seating arrangement since you can have your individual table for laptop use then there's this super comfy sofa, I was so surprised when I sat down and sunk into it :)
The TVs may make this place for some, and will ruin it for others. I'm in the latter camp. I like coffeebars to have music in the background, not boxing or Avatar on three screens. 

That said, they are open late, which is fantastic. My rooibos chai was tasty. There was plenty of space for my friend and I to plug in and get to work--and keep working til eleven!
Excellent coffee, fantastic desserts, friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere.  What's not to like?
Hard to find...at 10th place and camelback, on the south side.
Small coffee place, small traffic, uncomfortable seating, but they do have 2 couches! Open till midnight a huge plus for not being close to campus. Great selection of syrups. Has 3 to 4 TVs that either play music videos or movies. They also have a back patio for smokers (Never went back there) If I am ever bored late at night...this is my new place to go and chill.
I went here with my brother to unwind after a morning study. An empty parking lot can often be taken as a sign to get up and get out but this doesn't apply to Dolce. The staff is very friendly and the food and coffee are great. The building isn't very nice but don't let this influence your decision to try this place out.

Their caramel bianco (I ordered mine with soy) is exquisite with just enough caramel to leave you wanting more after you've reached the end of your supply. A must try for any coffee and caramel lover.

For my lunch I got the insalata caprese panino. All I can say is yummy. There was so much flavour to this tasty little sandwich that I don't know where to begin - so I won't. It's great for vegetarians that consume dairy (as it has cheese) and the portions were well worth the price. I wasn't able to finish the second half of my sandwich and passed it off so my brother could try it. I highly recommend it.

The brother ordered a pumpkin spice latte of some sort. He felt it was lacking and, while I don't enjoy pumpkin spice, I gave it a go. For what it was, I really didn't see a problem with it. He also ordered their plain quesadilla which comes with some type of green salsa. I didn't try it but knowing I was going to write a review I asked him what his take on it was. All I got out of him was, 'It's good.'

If you're ever in the area and feel the urge to stop somewhere for a quick coffee or snack, I suggest stopping at Dolce. I plan to go back to try out their pastry treats and other desserts.
Drink - espresso is yummy, chai is boxed & not house made - do not like.
Food - Cupcakes are yummy! Have seen other food & it looks good.
Decor - I love the art work, the bathroom is nice & clean, patio is lovely during cooler weather. I do not like the TV's, to me it's just a distraction - personal preference. Some of the tables are wobbly, kind of annoying.

I really loved it when this place was open later and kind of round the clock. It actually made me step aside from Lux obsession to study here since it was open later.
This is a fantastic little coffee bar! I like the twist with the televisions and the couches; it really lets you get comfortable. There are always great people in here chilling out and enjoying a drink or treat. Another thing that I find great about Dolce is that it's not overpriced. I personally dislike that about some coffee joints. So, a fair price, relaxed atmosphere, free WiFi and a good cup of joe has "Win/Win" written all over it. 

Though I wish I would go more (especially on movie night), you'll most likely find me here for the brunch buffet on Sundays. It's nice to be able to just walk over, eat and relax on a lazy Sunday morning.
Very nice little coffee bar. They have very nice coffee and even better expresso.  The sandwiches are very good and all fresh made to order.
I have to show my love for Dolce and Caesar, the owner, again. I told him about an event I was having in November called CupcakeCamp. We were just chatting; I wasn't fishing for anything and he readily offered to donate coffee for the event. Now, that shows good business sense to really put yourself out in the community!

I hate seeing how little business he gets in the mornings compared to week nights and weekends. I really wish more people would pull over while going thru the Camelback Corridor. Besides really good coffee, the man knows how to make good breakfast burritos and sandwiches. Cesar is a hardworking, kind and dependable proprietor. I really hope more people stop by and give this place a chance. It's actually opened late too!
My study buddy and I have been wanting to check this place put for some time!  We were pleasantly surprised!  I wasn't in the mood for coffee, so I ordered an iced tea! Deee-liteful!!! It was apricot tea,such a lovely surprise!
Also, I ordered the chicken pesto panino! Wow! Better than I expected! The foccacia bread was nice and soft, the pesto was some of the best I've had, and the spinach was a lovely compliment.  
The atmosphere was ok. A little bright. I did wish for more cushy seats as two guys and a misterious invisible man were hogging the two couches and a chair!
We liked it though, and considering I can walk here from my house...we will be back! :)
Dolce Espresso Video Coffee Bar is a friendly, fun place to grab a latte and a (fabulous) cupcake and spend the afternoon if you'd like. Bring your laptop and enjoy the free WiFi.

They also have sandwiches & salads which I didn't try, but I saw them making a salad & it looked quite good. There's a large back patio and plenty of seating inside. Ample off-street parking but you may have a little trouble finding the place. It's at 10th Place on the south side of East Camelback in a pretty nondescript building...

There are couches if you'd like to relax & watch the videos on the flat monitors on the wall or read one of the many magazines they have on the coffee table..
Nice atmosphere; Not so great coffee. Cappuccino and carmel mocha latte tasted like they came out of a vending machine.  I like the music video concept. Now about that coffee...
Sometimes I take a risk and try out coffee shops that I've never heard of just to satisfy my curiosity. Let me say, there is a reason I've never heard of this place.

This is a coffee shop that seems to exist because someone thought it would be an easy way to start a business, not because someone was actually interested in serving good quality coffee.

I will keep it short and devote my post to giving you my main qualms about Dolce.

1. The coffee was badly roasted and bitter. I don't know where they get their beans (maybe I don't want to know), but the coffee was of lowest quality and showed a lack of regard for the industry. If you're a coffee shop your main purpose is to have good coffee.

2. My iced latte was littered with coffee grounds. There should NEVER be bits of coffee in your coffee drink. At my first sip, the latte was so horribly bitter and burnt tasting I wondered why it tasted like smoke... it was the coffee grounds being sucked up through my straw and onto my palate. Even when I isolated the problem, pulled up the straw and tried my latte without shards of coffee... it wasn't good (hence point #1).

3. The ambiance is that of a nightclub trying to be a coffee shop. There is a time and place to watch Lil' Wayne music videos... and that time is not when I want to try to enjoy my horribly bitter latte. The couches were old and ripped and looked like rejects from someone's old bachelor pad.
I visited Culinary Dropout for the first time last night for their soft-opening. They are definitely moving forward in the right direction for creating an entirely different concept in a restaurant. 

Atmosphere:

While it still has the memory of Pink Taco lingering in the rafters, the atmosphere is a great mix of trendy sophisticated meets rocker. With the family style table set-ups, it's great for a group dinner, but if you're going there on a date and want some privacy, you may want to ask for a private table before you arrive. They had a great live band playing some classic hits, but it almost felt like you were at a concert instead of a restaurant, making it pretty hard to keep a conversation going without asking "WHAT!!?" every 5 seconds. But, if they turn the music down just a notch, it'd be perfect. If they transform the restaurant into a music venue later in the night, it'll be a great Old Town bar spot in addition to a tasty restaurant! 

Food 

Excellent. It's home-cookin' at its finest. The smoked salmon appetizer left you wanting more. The ribs won the popularity contest by a long shot, but surprisingly, the turkey pastrami sandwich was tasty as well! Don't let the dull name fool you. With it's pretzel bun and homemade coleslaw, it did a great job of disguising itself from its deli sandwich brothers. To top off the night, check out their apple dessert. The name has left me, but there are only three desserts, so you won't miss it. 

Looking for some cocktails? Mojito all the way. Or the punch. In all honesty, every one of their cocktails looked good and I heard they are each a specialty drink. 

In summary, I think Fox has a great start to a new "concept" and I'm excited to see where it goes from here!
What a great improvement to this space! The Waterfront area is really adding to the number of unique dining choices with the addition of Culinary Dropout. Given that it was opening night, I was still expecting the experience to be rough around the edges. However, you would have thought the restaurant had been open for months. 

The decor is pure Sam Fox. Large chairs, interesting textures and some great chandeliers.  They have successfully shaken the gaudy ghosts of Pink Taco. Happily, they have done so with the menu, as well. 

We were promptly seated and met by Michelle, our server. She was very well versed in all aspects of the menu, including the drinks. I tried the Home-Ec Martini, which I found to be tasty and not too sweet. While others at our table went with more traditional wine and cocktail choices, they were all wowed as I passed my drink around and had them sample. 

For starters, the Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue jumped off the page at us. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. We also had some Prosciutto and Gorgonzola antipasti, which was a surprisingly large serving for the price. A great start to the meal! 

Unlike my boring dining companions (who ordered salads....boo!), I wanted to try an entree. I peppered Michelle with questions. Her overwhelming choice was the Kurobuta Pork Ribs, which she said were marinated overnight and just "fell off the bone". 

Let me digress for a moment. I generally don't like ribs of any type; the main reason being that they are messy and hard to deal with. Sure, they're tasty...but the effort-to-reward ratio is just to high. Still, Michelle made an impressive sales pitch, so I relented. Let me just say that my fingers didn't touch one drop of sauce. I was able to easily fork the meat off the bone......incredibly tender and tasty. If you just give a sideways glance to these ribs, the meat falls off the bone. Hands down the best rib eating experience I have ever had. Michelle, you were right....I was wrong. 

It's worth noting that for my second drink of the evening, I couldn't resist the "Paper Bag Special" for $1.95. While Culinary Dropout has a great beer selection, I just had to give this a try. In this case, it ended up being a can of PBR, delivered in a small brown paper bag. Several servers stopped by to marvel at my fine tastes....apparently, I was one of the first to go with this option. Michelle informed us that the actual beer offered as the "Paper Bag Special" will vary over time. So, you never know what you may get. I've never felt quite so classy. 

Lastly, I insisted we try the desert; specifically the Apple Monkey Bread, which Michelle described to us as "cinnamon roll meets apple pie, served with a side of vanilla ice cream". It is baked to order, so we had to wait for 15 minutes for it to arrive. When it did, it was hot and fresh.....my dining companions, who had eschewed desert, suddenly found room.....and it was devoured. 

All in all, a great dining experience. I am a fan of Sam Fox restaurants. Some I like better than others, but they all offer a unique and fun experience. Still, my expectations were exceeded by Culinary Dropout. This ones a real winner and I can't wait to go back.
After reading about this place online and seeing the menu I had to give this place a try. Perfect for the after work spot since it is walking distance.

The decor is nice and the leather seating in the booths are comforting and the fresh smell of leather is inviting to relax and enjoy the experience. The staff is nice and attentive. 

I ordered the Turkey pastrami sandwich which delivered a great mix of savory flavors that welcomed me with each bite. The fresh cut fries were crispy and soft which complimented the sandwich as if they were married in heaven. 

Everyone else at my table seemed to enjoy their food as much as I did. Some of the menu Items are priced reasonably but there are some that tip the charts. 

All in all the experience and food was very good and this is a place that I might frequent after work.
For months, I've heard of the opening of Culinary dropout. A few nights ago, my friend and I tried it for the first time. Although the restaurant had just opened, there was a long wait. It took us an hour to be seated. When we were finally sat, the server immediately came and greeted us. I also  noticed that the servers were dressed like the guests at the restaurant so it was kind of hard to distinguish between the server and a customer. I almost tried to flag down a lady wearing a similar outfit to our server.

For appetizers, we ordered the Pretzel fondue and the Chips. They were both very good, but it seemed like there was more sauce than pretzels and chips to dip in it. For entrees I had ordered the Fried Chicken and my boyfriend ordered the Pub Burger. The Chicken was so moist and very flavorful, it was served on a small amount of mashed potatoes and cornbread. I was happy with this dish, I just wish it came with more mashed potatoes. The Pub burger was huge! It was very well cooked and juicy. It came with a good portion of crispy fries.

Overall, i thought that it had a very nice atmosphere. The place was very nicely decorated. It's more for hanging out with friends than a place to take a date unless you sit outside on the patio. It was hard to hear over the live band.
First time impressions are the most important and Culinary Dropout made an ever lasting one. Everything from the service to the food was spot on perfect. The whole experience was so good that it's hard to believe it will be the same when I go back. 

I hope it is............
First, I never drink whiskey unless it's St. Patrick's Day. I had a painful end to a long week and decided to switch to something other than my usual vodka. The Smashed Irishman lives up to it's name. The honey makes it smooth and sweet, but I could feel it workin' it's magic on me. I got it on the recommendation of our sever. He was wonderful, although I got a little jealous when two girls sat down at our communal table and he gave them the same flirty treatment. You know flattery gets you everywhere, don't deny it.  

I decided to give the gnocchi a try since it is my absolute favorite thing in the world. Well, Avanti's gnocchi is my absolute favorite and I wanted to do a little comparison. Culinary does it with sausage and mushrooms. It is delicious, although heavy. The sausage made it salty, but in a good way. I still must say that I love Avanti's version more and probably always will. Nothing beats them, NOTHING. Why am I so obsessed with their gnocchi? I think they put some sort of drug in it. 

Those two flirty girls next to me started with the grilled cheese sliders and again, my side of the table was jealous. Actually, they ate a surprising amount of food so I got to see a lot of what Culinary Dropout had to offer. Back to my side of the table, the butternut squash cannelloni was to die for (according to my friend, I did not taste it) and the fried chicken was better than KFC...  so, I guess everyone was at least satisfied.
Culinary Dropout just opened last week and was already written up in the Arizona Republic so we decided to try it with another couple.  After reading the reviews, I had a Brazilianaire which was really nice and light, not too sweet (so I had a 2nd one!).  Very big selection of beers.  We had three appetizers:  chips and dip (homemade chips - delicious), mussels, and the soft pretzel fondue.  We had to order more pretzels for the fondue as we still had lots of cheese left over.   For dinner, we had turkey pastrami sandwich, Cuban sandwich, fried chicken, and seared tuna salad.  Everything was delicious!  The seared tuna salad was a chopped salad with the tuna slices in it.  The portions aren't huge, but certainly enough to feed each of us.  Definitely will go back!
I tried 3 drinks here.  Their Mojito was good, but not outstanding.  It had blueberries in it.  The Smashed Irishman was fantastic - frothy, lemony, well-balanced and smooth.  According to the bartender, it's their most popular so far.  I also had the Bacon-Infused Bloody Mary.  This is a bloody mary mixed with bacon-infused Absolut with a sliced of cooked bacon used as a garnish.  While it was intriguing, I'm glad I had it last because it was overloaded with flavor (spicy, smoky, salty, tomatoy) and quite filling.

For food, I ordered the crusty bread with olive oil and 12-hour roasted tomatoes, which I combined to make open-faced sandwiches.  So that's about $5 for the food and about $30 for the drinks.

The cocktails are expensive, but you get what you pay for.  I'd try just about any of the ones I saw on the list.
My best friend Mandy and I decided to give Culinary Dropout a whirl before heading home to work on an exam. It was thursday last week, so my review is a little late. The place has a cool, unique decor. Kind of punk-like with a smattering of glam. Anyhow, the waitress came over and we had a bit of a problem ordering drinks. Well i didnt, but Mandy did since they were out of/did not carry a few of the options Mandy was looking into. The waitress went as far as to say "I feel like I am dissapointing you over and over." Yikes. 

I ordered the Gnocci, and Mandy got the French Dip. My Gnocci was just okay, nothing spectacular. Mandy said her French Dip was to die for. Next time I go in I fully intend on trying their meat/cheese menu, it looks like they have quite a selection. 

That being said, our first visit was kind of hit or miss, but I do want to go back and try it again!
3.5 stars 

Those of you from the Silicon Valley.. this place is like downtown Campbell on a Saturday night mixed in with some Los Gatos-esqueness
thrown in with some 90s jams (think Oasis, Beck) as ambiance music

1. when I think gastropub I think tavern...what I got was something out of Santana Row in San Jose, CA. 
2. Service was average 
3. Seating was fun (cushy chairs and sofas) 
4. The guy in the Ed Hardy shirt playing covers was really good 
5. The food: 

I got the onion soup which was super light...the onions were caramelized well and their natural sweetness came through (I usually like a more beer stout onion soup dealio but after a day's worth of flying this was perfect.

 I also got the artichoke salad which has more endive and asparagus than artichoke. It is a light salad.. the Parmesan cheese does not over power and the salad is properly seasoned. 

The BF got the butternut squash pasta which he thoroughly enjoyed. 

Other members got the fried chicken which looked yummy and the ribs which also looked good. 

Overall: 
Not a bad experience.... there are tons of heat lamps on the patio, lots of flat screens to watch games etc (in our case the opening ceremony of the Olympics). Their drink menu has some interesting items like bacon bloody marys and infused fru fru like drinks. 
Decent way to start off our first night in Az.
I came here with some fellow out-of-towner Yelpers after reading the buzz here on Yelp and the restaurant's website. Let's just say that it wasn't at all what I expected.

The website proclaims: "... Culinary Dropout is going to be a really fun, cool and casual chef-driven gastropub."

Gastropub? I think not. Try gastroclub (TM).

Instead of a casual, low-key bar that also serves great food, CD is more like a club where the music is more important than the food. Certainly the blaring music dampened any culinary excitement I had when we walked in the door. We could barely hear the hostess as she told us it would be an hour wait. We put our names down anyway, saw that the bar was packed, and then escaped outside to wait.

Eventually we grabbed seats at the outside bar, where two other patrons had just polished off two platters of oysters. No fewer than three servers came to ring up bills and chat while we sat right there in front of them with the platters and dirty silverware piled up, but nobody bothered to greet us or clear the plates until about 10 minutes later. By the time the bartender was ready to take our order, we got called for our table and re-entered the restaurant.

We were seated at a four-top just in front of the stage, where a musician started playing a short time later. Not surprisingly, we had a hard time carrying on our conversations. Instead we buried our heads in the menu, which offered a promising variety of eclectic dishes. Our table went with the onion soup, artichoke salad, fried chicken, butternut squash cannelloni, and kurobuta pork ribs. 

I'll admit the food was good. The artichoke salad was refreshing: crisp shavings of artichoke hearts, asparagus, and endive mixed with some frisee and a slightly sweet vinaigrette. My fried chicken was excellent. Although I initially thought it looked burnt, due to its mahogany color, the meat was succulent. The coating was just a touch spicy with a hint of cayenne, nicely crisp, and also drizzled with some honey. Everybody else enjoyed their food as well. It was the service that continued to be a problem. 

Our waitress, although attentive at first, disappeared after she took our orders. Other servers brought our food to us, which was probably the reason that we received only one order of salad, split. We'd wanted one order to be split between two of us, and another order for the person who was only having soup and salad. When only two bowls of salad were delivered, two of us shared one of them. Later, while we were eating our entrees, yet another server tried to drop off another bowl of salad, but we waved it off thinking it wasn't ours. Suspiciously, however, this bowl was twice as big as the others we'd received. We flagged our waitress over to ask for water and silverware and explained what happened. She promised we'd only be charged for one salad. Yet, when the bill came, we were charged for two. Again, we had to explain that we'd only received the split order--and finally the lightbulb went on, or flickered. After consulting the kitchen to confirm what happened, she redid our bill and apologized.

Would I eat here again? No, not unless it was for lunch because I can't imagine it would be as painfully loud then. The food was good and the service issues can be worked out, but the concept seems confused. Even though the dimly-lit decor featured chairs you might find in a pub and leather banquettes, the overall vibe was far from pub-like. If you're okay with a noisy gastroclub instead of an intimate gastropub, go ahead and come here because the food seems worth it.
So, I was really excited to try this new Pink Taco replacement (thank god). I went with some girlfriends on the 8th day it was open. We sat outside in a super cute corner couch/table area. The food was good and the service was good but it was not exceptional. We got the chicken (yum) and the grilled cheese was fabulous too. Excellent string fries! We liked the comfort food aspect to the menu. We ended with the Monkey bread. The server told us it would be 15 minutes but somehow it was cooked double time because it came out less than ten minutes later. The Monkey Bread came with a scoop of ice cream and it was shear heaven. I would come back here to skip dinner and go strait for the Monkey Bread!
I decided to check out Culinary Dropout pretty soon after it opened.  I was a little reluctant since I went to Modern Steak during its first week, and it was a disaster.  When I entered the restaurant, I liked what I saw.  Good ambiance.  I put in my name and waited at the bar for my table to be ready.  The beer selection was good, we settled on the Chimay.  After 30 minutes went by, I went back to the hostess to see why we hadn't been seated.  For some reason they had crossed off my name without seating us.  Not the best start.  We got to the table and ordered the pretzel fondue appetizer.  The cheese was a little bland, but it was ok.  For a meal we split the chicken salad and pork ribs.  The chicken salad was great.  Definitely the highlight of the meal.  The pork ribs were way too sweet, had almost no meat on the bones, and the cole slaw was bland.  I would not order this again.  Overall, I would return to the restaurant for a happy hour or for drinks and a cheese plate, but probably won't be returning for dinner.
I went yesterday and was very impressed.  We had an array meets, cheese, bread, oysters and of course really good wine.  Great atmosphere!  My new favorite hang out!
A few folks fromwork had gone to cul.d.o. and raved about how fab it was ....so I went for lunch today i sat at the bar which is my m.o. I was greeted by a very lovely young lady bartender I ordered the fish and chips which i heard were great and the bar tender confirmed that . i will say the fish was decent  but  the chips(fries) were soggy and greesy and not that warm. I will probley go back for a 2nd try update to follow
Visited on a Tuesday, sat at the bar, and had a great margarita.  The water  tasted like it came from the canal, and apparently a new water filter is on it's way...better hurry.  I had the fried chicken, and it was lightly drizzled with honey, and quite delicious.   I also had the pretzel fondue and that was quite tasty too!  The decor is quite hip, the bar area would have been nice to have high top tables for the times you want to have a cocktail and mingle standing, and that is not an option.  Sit at a table or the bar...those are your options!
The Culinary Dropout has been open 3 weeks now. I give it a 4.5.  Not 5... read to the end to find out why.
 
  I went for lunch yesterday with a friend to check it out.  I LOVED it!  First, I must admit that because it was a beautiful day in Scottsdale my mood was happy to start with.  As we stood outside the front door admiring the patio and deciding if we wanted to go in or not, a very sweet young lady left her hostess stand inside to come out and greet us.  I like this.  She could have waited for us to come to her.  This tells me the restaurant wants business and has trained their employees well!

Right away you notice the atmosphere.  Hip and elegant with a touch of years past... hence the magnificent chandeliers that draw your eye up.  The seating has a look of baroque meets modern.  Well designed, plenty of space... you don't feel crammed into the other people around you.

We of course chose to sit outside because of the beauty of the day.
It took no time at all for a very sweet and adorable waitress to greet us, get our drink orders and give us a few explanations of the house specialty, the Anti-pasta bar.  Before I get into that though... I must recommend a Pisco Sour.  Not many restaurants offer them or even know what they are...definably one of my fav's and believe me... I make them well.

The Anti-pasta bar is designed to let you pick and choose for either an  entree or an app from a wonderful choice of excellent cheeses, salumi's ( that's right... NOT salami... true lovers know the difference.)
olives, marconi almonds and so much more.  Your choices are then beautifully laid out on a  plate after being hand sliced at the bar where you are encouraged to watch the artistry.

On to lunch... I chose a wonderful Smoked Chicken Salad.  They smoke their chicken right there on the sight and I have to say... it was fantastic!!  The pears that had been sweetened, the endive and the pistachios that accompanied the salad to be tossed in a fantastic vinaigrette. It was sublime!  Our meal was finished off with their famous monkey bread that came with a beautiful scoop of ice-cream.

Yes, all the way around I loved this place.  The only reason I haven't given 5 stars is because I will go back and rate the bar.  This is typically the heart of an establishment and will have a lot to do to determine return customers.  Look for my review on this.

Happy eating everyone!!
My family and I decided to try CD last Saturday night and it was great!  We started with the homemade potato chips and Smoked Salmon which were both EXCELLENT and moved on to the pork ribs, salmon, gnocchi and a burger.  My family and I have a tradition to share the first bite with each other and wow... they have a winner here.  I am not a huge fan of some of the other Fox restaurants, but this is a winning combo.  Great price/value and the service was spot on.   Can't wait to go back this weekend!
I would like to give this place 2.5 stars, but that is not an option. 

Let me start by saying that this place is new, so there is room / a grace period for improvement.

With that said, I just wasn't that impressed.  This is not to say the food wasn't good or the service was bad, it just didn't stand out to me.  On a very positive note, it is beautifully decorated and the patio rocks.

I will start with the food.  My friend and I met here for "happy hour"; we didn't learn until after we sat down and got comfy, they don't have one.  Even Morton's has happy hour, why don't you???  That kind of irked me since I'm always on a budget seeing as how I go out every night.  Anyways, we each got a glass of wine, easy peasy and we started to peruse the menu.  Let me tell you, this is not a vegetarian friendly place.  I am not a vegetarian, but I am VERY picky about my meats.  We ordered a cheese plate with olives to start, good, but kind of pricey for what you get.  And, I wish the waitress would have told us that the two we picked out were very similar.  She was very informative and helpful when we asked her questions, but I guess she didn't feel like offering up this tidbit.  After the appetizer, we both ordered salads as our entrees.  I had the smoked chicken salad and my dining companion had the chopped salad.  Both were very good and decent sized for entrees.  The only complaint I had was there was a little too much dressing, but that can be easily fixed.  I would say, all in all, the food was good, but not great.  I guess I was just expecting something more.  For three women to spend $80 on dinner, it probably should have been a little more impressive.

I am a big fan of Sam Fox and I think this place has potential, I think they just need a little bit of time.  I don't know if I will be going back any time soon.  I know I won't suggest it (maybe if someone else does).  Or, maybe I will give it a month or two and try it again after they work out the kinks.
This is a 3+++ rating, almost a 4. LOVED the artichoke salad, add chicken and it's the best salad I've had in a long time. Also, the patio is a great place to hang out and the decor inside is creative and fun. Unfortunately, the lack of happy hour is a big minus. There are a lot of great places nearby that you can sit outside early and enjoy a drink special. Hope CD reconsiders this...
I actually have returned to Culinary Drop out and their food has improved a bit. They gave more Pretzel nuggets for their Pretzel Fondue. I talked to one of the managers, and she said that they're still trying to improve on some things. 

During our second visit my friends and I tried the Black Mussels, the ribs, the MAC burger, the gnocchi, and the the Salted Caramel Pots De Creme. They were all so tasty. My only complaint was that the gnocchi was not that filling.
Having been satisfied by other Fox restaurants I was excited to hear about the opening of Culinary Dropout. So this Saturday the boyfriend and I were in Old Town and decided to check it out for dinner.

Upon walking in we were greeting promptly and sat right away (it was early). But then we sat for quite a while before anyone came over to our table. I was starting to get nervous. But our waiter finally came by and was more than attentive from that point forward.

We skipped any appetizers, but did stare longingly at the pretzel bites the table next to us ordered. Maybe next time. I ordered the Pub burger and the boyfriend ordered the gnocchi. I was glad that my burger came with fries. This was not stated on the menu anywhere which I thought was kinda weird. But whatever, yay fries!

Our food came out really fast considering they were starting to get pretty busy. My burger was cooked just right and had a nice flavor. The bacon was nice and thick, not that cheapo paper-thin bacon you get at some places. I was kinda hoping it was going to be as good as the burgers at Zinburger in Tucson (another Fox place) but it wasn't quite as tasty. Close though. The portion of fries was large. They were thin cut and were nice and crispy.
The boyfriend enjoyed his gnocchi. It came with sausage and was served in a cream sauce. I had a bite and thought it was quite flavorful. Not a huge portion but gnocchi can be pretty filling so it wasn't bad.

Even though we were pretty full the waiter talked us into ordering the monkey bread for dessert. It's served in a small cast iron dish and is sort of like a cut-up cinnamon roll with apples. It came to our table bubbling hot and served with a dish of vanilla ice cream on the side. It was very rich but the apples were a nice consistency and overall the sweetness wasn't overpowering. The ice cream helped cool it down and complimented the flavors well.

I can kinda see the bar filling up with some Scottsdale douche-bags at night but at least the staff wasn't pretentious. By the time we left the lobby area was getting pretty full so I imagine if you go after 7:00pm you'll have to wait for a table. It's worth checking out though so if you're not starving, wait.
I think I would have a given Culinary Dropout 5 stars had I reviewed it after my first visit - during which I had the delectable patrale (sp??) sole roasted tomatoes and asparagus and the  HEAVENLY monkey bread for dessert... I was also tipsy on maybe 3 vodka sodas so the 1 hour wait didn't bother me either...

but after I came back to the second time I was like eh... the food was less than what I remembered - this time I had the french onion soup and a salad and the cougar-ish ambiance was beginning to annoy me...

I must admit  though that the waitresses are AMAZING! during both visits - they were VERY accommodating, first to my dairy-challenged husband and second time to my vegan friend where they modified the chicken salad by adding more veggies and taking the chicken out so she can eat it.

Plus its priced moderately... money tawks!!!
Drumroll. . .welcome Yelpers to my inaugural review. Let's do this!

Overall, Culinary Dropout was satisfactory. I like the concept of glorified pub food and antipasti platters, although it might be better to just stick to one or the other and make it awesome. But I digress. The two of us split a shrimp po-boy (huge and full of popcorn shrimp and coleslaw), which was decent and the fries were addicting. We also ordered antipasti (a separate menu resembling those you find in sushi joints where you check how many you want of each item). Of course, our waiter totally disregarded this and we had to remind him we ordered something other than half a sandwich each. He was nice enough though to give us a free wedge of cheese, paired with our prosciutto, goats cheese, asparagus and bread. All this was yummy and could probably be a meal of its own.

As for the ambiance-- rather strange. It was a mixture of typical Scottsdalians ready to hit up Old Town, some cougars on the prowl and regular joe-shmos. Our waiter was cool, even if he did use a bit too much hair gel, and made some good recommendations for drinks to be paired with the food. There was also a guy singing and playing acoustic guitar on the mini-stage inside. I was excited when I heard him start in on "Maggie May." However, soon after he began crooning an acoustic version of Lady Gaga's "Pokerface." Need I say more?

Probably not my first choice if I'm in the area but good enough if you want some wine and appetizers. I'd recommend.
stopped in on a friday night and the place was packed. (and loud as hell - who woulda thought acoustic could rock so loud?)

we asked the girl how long the wait was and she said 10-15 minutes. i have now discerned that a hostess saying "10-15 minutes" is like a drunk person telling the cop he only had "a couple beers." the wait took over a half hour, i think, though i am not faulting them for that. it was cool that they took my cell number and called me when the table was ready . . . gave us some time to wander along the canal, i mean waterfront.

the waiter was really helpful about the different cheeses and what would be too strong or soft or whatever you like/ dont like.

we split an entree and it arrived in like 3 minutes. super quick. the antipasta stuff took a bit longer. makes sense, this is the perfect place to go and have some drinks and just snack on the antipasta . . . not many people ordering a meal at this time. i mean, if youre a $30k millionaire, you dont want some prowling cougar to see you stuffing your face. they dont like that. you want to be aloof and swarmy. i mean smooth. plus, you can always impress the cougar at the next table with your pronunciation of certain fancy cheeses. they do like that.

great seating outside, comfy couch-like seats and space heaters. the food was eh, though the fries were awesome. i would probably go back if i was in the area and wanted something light to go with some drinks and just kick back. not sure i would go to scottsdale just for this place though.
Wow. My new favorite spot. The Fried Chicken is fab!! (Our server called it comfort food, hahaha!!) So is the canolli. Just make sure you tell them to ditch the mushrooms if that's not your thing. They don't tell you that on the menu!!

Great drink names, too, although I don't think some are up to my "taste" standards!! I didn't end up drinking it but hey, they have Malibu Rum so I am okay with it. 

A live band plays a few days a week so tune in for that. And plan for a late night :)

I think since it just opened in January, they are working kinks out so bear with some of the service "issues." The company I've been with, the several times I've already dined there, have kept me completely engaged so I don't think I've had to wait long. If I have, oh well. Just gave me more time to enjoy the conversation and views :)
I ate at the culinary dropout last night and I will totally come back! The restaurant has a great modern atmosphere and live music 3 times a week. I ordered the butternut squash cannelloni and I was very happy with my decision. It was filling but not too heavy and the butternut squash was a sweet alternative to traditional cheese. The staff was very helpful and polite. Overall, 5 stars!
Culinary Dropout is perfect for people watching and trying new drinks. 

This review is based off two visits. 

My first experience at C.D. was just to meet a girlfriend for drinks the opening weekend. The place was packed with the typical 'Dale crowd - I was prepared for this. It was very hard to get a bartender's attention. It was almost that they didn't see beyond those seated in a bar stool. My girlfriend and I had to go to the service well to get noticed and although the servers were probably annoyed, that's the only way we could get served. The drinks were good, pours were a bit on the weak side, but the atmosphere was great. Live music starts at 9pm or so. 

My second experience at C.D.: 

A few girlfriends and I decided to give it a try about three weeks after it opened on a rainy Saturday evening. Of course we knew to get there early so we wouldn't be waiting too long for a table. We arrived at 6pm and were quoted 30 minutes for a table. An hour later, I stopped the manager and asked him if he knew how much longer it would be until we got sat and he came back with menus in hand. We were sat at a round table with great big, comfortable chairs right in the middle of the dining room. We were quite comfortable and understanding of the long wait - especially because no one was opting to sit on their heated, yet damp patio. 

For an appetizer, we started with the delicious pretzels with cheese fondue. Deli-sh! I prefer mustard, but tasted the cheese and it was great. There was enough cheese for dipping the french fries that came with the meal. 

The entree menu is full of food that I would consider to be comfort food - choices that you know you may regret eating after you inhale the delectable food. I opted for the Turkey Pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun as suggested by the helpful manager that took us to our table. I, by far, had the best meal of my girlfriends. Two girls split a burger and salad (the burger meat tasted very fattening and "meaty" to me) and our other girlfriend tried the Prime Rib sandwich, which was tasty and a huge sized portion. 

Overall, the food was good - but nothing too great. Our service was fantastic, once we got sat. The bussers were definitely cute as well. I would suggest Culinary Dropout as a place to see and be seen and for drinks. You can skip the food unless you really want to sit. The bar stools are hard to come by.
I finally followed my beloved baseball Giants of San Francisco to their spring training home, and after consulting Scottsdale yelpers, Culinary Dropout seemed like a good place to eat a late dinner on the first night.

Living in the South Bay Area, I generally assumed that relatively low population density equates to nothing but stripmalls and chain restaurants. Going to Scottsdale has shown me that this doesn't have to be the case. 

I do realize that the Fox group is a major presence in the food and nightlife scene in Scottsdale. This preeminence clearly isn't gained by aggressive annoying ad campaigns and stupid slogans...or by offering horrendously large portions to lure in lazy, poor, obese people.

They are successful, I imagine, because they take a good concept and consistently deliver it to locals and tourists alike at a reasonable price.

I likes me some swanky San Francisco restaurants, where you feel like you have to prove your worthiness to the server. And then you fork out $180 bucks and step over homeless people to get to your cab.

Culinary Dropout satisfies the swanky without the price or the pretentious service (not to mention the lack of homeless drug addicts passed-out in a puddle of their own excrement). Thank you Scottsdale PD police state!

I started with the 'nutty Irishman' cocktail, if I remember correctly. Jamison with Guiness reduction and some other stuff. Never heard of adding a Guiness reduction to a cocktail...or reducing Guiness at all, but I am a fan. My special lady had the cocktail with the pomegranate foam on top...step aside Ferran Adria, this is the best use of foam i can think of.

The Cuban pork belly sandwich appealed to me...you had me at pork belly. My dainty little girlfriend had the chopped Italian salad. My sandwich was bomb-diggidy, although I was less-than-impressed with the chopped salad with Kraft-tasting Italian dressing on it...but I would never order that, so I'm not hating.

While I'm on it, WTF is with every single Scottsdale restaurant putting some kind of 'chopped' salad on their menu? Just sayin'. That seems like some iceberg, cucumber, and carrot thing you put ranch on in the Midwest somewhere. I digress.

I was too full to try the monkey bread...my mom makes that, and I love it. We had to come back another night to try it, and it did not disappoint. And neither did the people-watching on a Friday night. They must have a 23yr old blond girl generator somewhere in this town.

The title tells it all: Culinary Dropout. Not that they can't cook here, it's that they don't feel the need to put on their tall hat and adhere to some antiquated notion of cuisine. They make good food that people like in a festive and swanky atmosphere. Just because they have an amazing space and a well-thought-out and well-invested aesthetic concept, that doesn't mean they have to try and make inaccessible food that you need to download the Oxford Food-Lovers app on your iPhone to translate the menu. And every employee I interacted with was oozing with genuine hospitality.

Next year when I come back, and I WILL come back, I will definitely stop by again.
i came here a few times on a little jaunt to scottsdale last week. the first time the wait was an hour and a half so my friend and i headed to the bar for a drink an then somewhere else for dinner. 

the second time was for an early dinner we were able to be seated right away and started out with a few of the appetizers and drinks. i decided to be a bit adventurous and try the sauerkraut  a gin martini with a combination of orange marmalade and grain mustard it was actually quite delicious and complex. The anti pasti was nothing to write home about but if you are going to order something from that menu get the 12 hour roasted tomatoes they are really delicious. however you must order the pretzel bites and fontina fondue that was a really yummy starter and seems to be a favorite in the restaurant. 

for an entre my gf and i split the grilled cheese sliders and the seared tuna salad. the sliders come with bacon and tomatoe on them and im not sure of the type of cheese. they were a little bit of a let down they needed to be seasoned with something. 

the salad had a nice vinaigrette on it HOWEVER!!! the salad has cashews in it, the menu description makes no mention of cashews at all. i always assume that its common restaurant courtesy to mention if a dish has nuts in it because so many people have nut allergies or sensitivities.( I am one of those crazy nut people, cashews make me violently ill and i was really worried i'd be spending my saturday curled up on the bathroom floor)  so maybe in the future they could update the menu so there wont be any unpleasant surprises in my salad. 

my third visit was for a late lunch after a friend had finished his game. once again we were seated right away this time my gf ordered the mac burger it looked like big mac but better, our friend ordered the shrimp po boy which looked delicious as well and i ordered the coq au vin which comes with lardons and is served on a generous bed of swiss chard. it was so delicious and i am determined to replicate the dish at home. 

all in all a great time was had by all at culinary dropout i really wish i could give this place 3 and a half stars but i will definitely be back next time i'm in scottsdale
Sam Fox has done it again, but in a hip grungy kind of way! But then again anything is better then the douche Nic Richie's Pink Taco that occupied the space in the past.  I had a idea of what I was in store before walking in and was surprised upon arriving. The first thing I noticed was the crowd. Not your typical Scottsdale fucks. Kind of a CenPho meets tempe and have kids type of people. I didnt see a single guy wearing a bedazzled foil shirt. The second thing I noticed was the music. Band Of Horses, Queen, Nirvana, and other great bands hitting my ears at the perfect volume. Am I dead, cause this is heaven. Oh wait...I'm going to hell. Better company down there. Since they don't take reservations, which I think is a Fox Concept Restaurants thing, they gave me a buzzer. It was a bit applebees'ish. While waiting, I read off some trivia questions to my friends. After a 10 min wait we were seated. We instantly turned to the booze menu and ordered quickly. I was thirsty.  The second I saw the Smashed Irishman cocktail, I knew I had to have it. This was the best beverage that has ever touched these beautiful lips. I wanted to put my dick in it; I wanted it's dick in me. We decided to opt for dessert instead of a app and it was a wise decision. I ordered the Pub Burger. It was damn good but not the best I've had. Now back to the dessert. We got the Monkey Bread and holy shit...foodgasm! I'm not a huge sweets guy but I'd bathe in this shit! It was warm gooie goodness with its bestfriend of ice cream keeping it company. After all this you would think I'd be 'unbutton your pants' full, but not the case. I felt perfect. Then the bill came and I felt even better. Great food for a stupid low price. I cannot praise Sam Fox enough and Culinary Dropout jumps to my favorite in his line of restaurants
We are here on vacation and found about this place on yelp...checked it out and loved it...Vanessa was an amazing server...will definitely go back next time we are in town.
Stopped by for a beer and a snack.  Temp was around 70 so we sat outside.

My amber ale from Breckenridge was good, and my wife ordered the cheaper of their Pinot Noir's and it was also good.  Waiter was friendly and genuine.

I like their anti pasti menu.  You can pick and choose what you want.  We tried the 12-hour roasted tomatoes, olives, some almonds, manchego cheese, and sopresseta.  It was all good.

We are eager to go back and eat dinner - the menu looked appetizing.
We went here on a Friday night and waited about 40 minutes, which I didn't think was bad at all.  On the other hand, once we got our table we waited at least another 20 minutes before we were greeted by our server.  I had to finally call out to someone and ask them if we had a server.  Turns out they had a mix-up with the tables since they had a big party.  The manager immediately apologized and offered a round of drinks.  Once a server was assigned the service was good and the food was delicious.  At the end of the night the manager comped our entire meal... a big indicator to me that he didn't want a bad Yelp review :-)  

Overall, I would recommend Culinary Dropout to a friend.
Checked out Culinary Droput while visiting family in Scottsdale and really enjoyed it!  It was a Sunday and there was no wait.  I thought the decor was very nice and would typically expect higher prices on the menu...both pluses in my book!  Service was wonderful with great reccomendations.  The table started with the pretzel fondu, which was yummy!  Our dinners arrived before we finished the fondu, which would normally bug me, but it saved me from getting full from the appetizer.  I had the turkey pastrami sandwich and thought it was delicious.  Liked it enough that I would definitely order again next time I visit!  Please tell Mr. Sam Fox to opena a culinary dropout in Denver!
LOVE LOVE LOVE This place!  Scottsdale places are pretty hit or miss, in my opinion, but most of the things that come out of FRC is excellent.  This one is no exception.  Besides the $3.75 blueberry beer (which is cheaper than it is in Whole Foods, the food is wicked good.  There are so many things on the menu I cannot wait to try but the pork belly cubano was a must.  It was the best one I've had since I left New York and I've even visited Miami since then.  Great food, good prices, awesome wait staff.  There are a bunch of great reviews on here that go into more detail than mine...but all you need to know is that this place is great.
Went here for lunch on a work day so had to skip out on the amazing cocktail list. sigh. Was able to get right in and sat at a lovely table on the patio. The Turkey Pastrami sandwich is SOOO GOOD and it came with a heaping pile of thin crispy fries and a crisp dill pickle, which was a surprise because it doesn't mention on the menu that the sandwich came with any sides. Bonus! The only downfall is that I loved the sandwich so much that I'll probably never get to try anything else on the menu.
I went with a group of 5 for dinner on a Friday night.  The wait wasn't too bad and we were seated at a nice, round table.  We ordered drinks, an appetizer, and dinner.  Our drinks finally came out and were disappointingly low on taste and alcohol.  10 min. after ordering, our entrees came out.  The waitress told us that our appetizer wasn't ready so she brought out our meal.  The entire meal felt very rushed.  Finally, our appetizer came out, midway through our meal.  
Overall, the food was mediocre and the service was barely satisfactory. There are many restaurants in town with more creative menus and better service.
WIsh I could give the place 3.5 stars. Does not deserve 3 stars, but cannot go to 4 stars.
Good food
Service was good, friendly, informative. 
It is not that I did not like the decor, just thought they did not do enough with it. The Purple textured wall and the kitchen window needs to be lit much better, either from top or bottom. to show the detail of the panels.
The rock photos are the typical black and whites that I have seen at any of a dozen places in LA over the past 15 years. Mick Jagger, Janis, Keith RIchards, yawn. If your going to use those photos on that big of a wall, at least make a bigger impact and blow them up much larger. Fox has an army of designers and management, to me they got a bit lazy with the decor. 
The menu design and fonts, I have seen in quite a few places. It works very well, but come up with something original guys, Check out Red Devil Pizza on Hollywood Blvd to see what I mean. I think thats the name of the place. Anyway, I can tell you that most likely the Fox Group has been to the place. Very similar. 
I would go back, but I would not run back, or go out of my way. I would say that the place will be successful because it has enough to offer, and it is a killer location. Of course that Scottsdale crowd can be very fickle.
I've been here twice now, once for dinners with some friends and once for lunch with a friend. I'd have to give it a third try for dinner but I definitely like the decor and found the food to be good. 

At dinner it was packed and we had to wait but not more than 15-20 minutes and had some drinks at the bar. I had the ricotta gnocchi which was delicious. The beer selection was great as well with beers I usually don't find elsewhere.

Lunch was great too. Decided to go a little lighter and had the smoked chicken salad. The waiter was kind enough to tell me there was mustard in the sauce, something I usually dislike, but decided to not change or ask for anything specific. Very good with pears,chicken, pistachios and gorgonzola cheese.

Only negative so far is the awkward seats inside. They seemed a little low and bulky for the tables, that's just me being nit picky though.
I tried Culinary Dropout today with a friend for lunch and really enjoyed the experience. I liked how they brightened and opened up the space since it was Pink Taco. Our server (didn't catch her name) was extremely helpful in offering some great suggestions of what to try. I went with the turkey sandwich with coleslaw on pretzel bread (but I got the mustard on the side). I love pretzel bread! It was a great choice and delicious. Fries were good too, although nothing special. And, the price was just right. My friend liked her dish as well - the chicken salad with pears and Gorgonzola. I'd definitely go back to try more of the menu.
The inside of this restaurant (while loud) is super fun and wonderfully decorated. We were seated quickly inside (would have been a much longer wait for outside).

Our waiter (who looked like all the other waiters!) was fun and did a nice job. I had the ricotta gnocchi (over the prime rib pasta at the waiter's suggestion) and it was great. My parents split the steak and the pommes frites were delicious.

The anti pasti menu seemed fun and we would have indulged on other nights. I liked that while the meals were rich, none were too large.
Excellent food we had the pretzel fondue appetizer, main dishes gnocchi, the pasta dish with rib meat and tomato sauce, and the burger. Yes there were three of us and we did not leave hungry. We ate almost every bite. The service was very friendly and attentive (not overly attentive). We sat on the patio in the last week of March and enjoyed our dining experience (not loud at all).  My husband is a private chef and dined along with another great friend of mine who is the General Manager at 5th and Wine a few blocks away. My friend has dined here several times and we are all foodies who did not leave disappointed.
I'm a little torn on this place. The food was good but a tad overpriced although it is in an upscale area, so you are paying up for the area it is in.  We had a couple of kids with our group and no kids menu.  The beer and food list was good and prices were reasonable. I wouldn't come just for the beer or wine though.  We also had to ask a couple of times for little things, like sugar for the iced tea and spoons so service was just so so.
Beautiful people, chic decor, and above average food.  The tried and true Fox formula.

Highlight:  Butternut Squash Cannelloni
In a sentence: Culinary Dropout is a foodie mecca with its plush and lux furnishings, amazing location in the heart of Scottsdale but away from the duche-ery of Old Town, on point entrees that range from classic to what I call contemporary chef-y food, and its trendy lil touches like dishtowels for nanpkins and placemat menus. 

After a short afternoon of shopping, I and the other Musketeers ventured into CD in search of yummy goodness... we weren't disappointed. We scarfed down the Pretzel and cheese fondue. Sorry, I can't remember the exact cheese used, but it tasted like cheez whiz without the nasty chemical aftertaste. 

Musketeer #1 had the Shrimp Po' Boy sammy and was overwhelmingly awesome! With its fresh baguette, crispy shrimp and cole slaw topping, this po boy claimed to have died several times. The fries were good, I'm sure they are awesome with the steak. Musketeer #2 had the truffle egg scramble. She said that it was good... not bad... but not terrific. We love the truffle, and this did deliver however... it just missed something... je ne sai quai... just something. I stole a bite and concurred... the low point in a overall great meal. 

and me, Miss Musketeer #3 had the coq a vin... a MUST! If that or braised short ribs are on the menu... they MUST be ordered! That's the rule my friends. My braised chicken was good, kind of on the sweet side, but over all very good, although the chicken did have an odd texture, it seemed to me that it could have used a few more hours in the oven. I think this is a dish best served before closing when all the flavors had their chance to really marry. We arrived at the top of dinner service and so the chicken was done... but barely.

Musketeer #2 and I both NEEDED bread and butter, our cooler-than-thou waiter was happy to oblige, even though it took a VERY long time t find him to ask for it in the first place. We capped off the meal with their "famous" Monkey Bread, it was definatly worth going bananas over! Warm, gooey, delicious and crazy sweet with its pull-apart goodness it didn't need the ice cream it was served with, but we certainly weren't about to send it back! The three of us died over that one! 

To my yelpers I say: if you have the cash to spend (three of us cost a lil over a hundred clams), a few hours spend on dinner (we were there a while) and a NEED to reach foodie nirvana in order to keep from jumping off a cliff into the chain resturant valley... then this is the spot for you! Bring your most expensive IT bag, a pair of oversized shades, maybe a sweater (the outdoor heaters really didn't work) and your most predestroyed designer deconstructed jeans and get ready!! It's gonna be a blast!!
The food here was delicious. The decor is pretty fancy and typical of Old Town Scottsdale. I'd recommend sitting outdoors if the weather accommodates. 

I had the Soft Pretzel appetizer and the Grilled Cheese sliders. Highly recommened. I hear they have live music on the weekends, so I will have to return to check it out. Definitely a good place to stop on your tour of Scottsdale restaurants fellow Yelpers.
Let me start by saying that I love a bloody mary in the morning!  Not every morning, mind you, but definitely a lazy weekend morning when I'm enjoying some brunch time with my crew.  I like mine with pretty much any tasty veggie tucked in - pickles, olives, celery, whatever...  So imagine how pleased I was when I ordered Culinary Dropout's bacon-infused Bloody Mary -- FREAKIN' YUMMY!  A little spicy, rich, delicious and fragrant... A BLT in a glass with vodka on top -- and a big ol' slice of bacon stickin' out.  But hold on, I got a little anxious -- let me back up for just a minute...

Culinary Dropout is in the location formerly known as Pink Taco.  I never went to Pink Taco because I'm just not going to eat in such a ridiculously trendy Scottsdale hangout, especially one named after a euphemism for female anatomy, so when I found out that trash hole of a restaurant was gone and this new gastropub opened in its place, I was anxious to check it out.  I have no idea what the decor used to look like there, so I can't compare (which I think is less biased anyway), but I really like the giant tin tiles lining the ceiling/walls, the gigantic glass chandeliers, and the comfortable and homey wood furniture.  The place is comfy casual but totally upscale.

When I arrived at the restaurant the hostess greeted me in a friendly manner, immediately disarming me and making me comfortable.  I was at a table of 10 girls, and our server was just awesome - friendly, funny, and helpful with the menu.  As an accompaniment to the earlier mentioned "BLT in a glass" I ordered the shrimp po' boy.  Wow!  Typically po' boys come on toasted baguette like buns that always seem to rip up my mouth.  I usually end up picking the shrimp off with my fork and leaving the brick bread to rot... Not so here!  My shrimp po'boy was on a soft roll, and the shrimp was chopped and mixed with a slightly smokey remoulade, so no shrimps rollin' off my plate! Definitely a big meal, as I couldn't even finish the second half, but my sweet server girl so pleasantly offered to box it up for me so no complaints here!  Not too pricey, as I think for 2 drinks and a sammich it came to about $30 total.

An extra bonus here is the patio, which lines the outside of the restaurant, looking out across Camelback toward Fashion Square mall.  There were both seats and benches (with backs) so the tables looked cozy and pleasant.  And our server said there's live music on Friday and Saturday nights.  May have to hit this place up again in the evening!
So we all decided to do Sunday Funday a day early... since it was a warm sunny day. We started off our day at Olive & Ivy... then Modern Steak... and somehow ended up where Pink Taco used to be. I have been to the Vegas Pink Taco at the Hard Rock, but never the one here in Scottsdale. So I have no idea what this place was like before, but I have to say I immediately thought the the interior decor with the gothic yet modern design w/ the elaborate chandeliers was really cool. I love the large open window / doors open to fun inviting patio. 
There was a live band playing... pretty sure It was the same band playing at Olive & Ivy earlier. We did not eat... just had amazing Greyhounds... fresh squeezed grapefruit w/ Kettle.... very refreshing. The food menu looked good, but smelling and seeing the entrees of those around us was  tempting. But we were focused on no more added unwanted calories unless it consisted of alcohol. We were suppose to go home and get ready to head out again on Sat night... but it was difficult to stop having fun... so it was like being in Vegas w/ my friends...minus the gambling and Pink Taco:)
I thought Culinary Dropout was a great experience. I met a friend here for dinner on a Saturday night. We decided to sit at the bar outside because the place was pretty busy. 

Eating at the bar was pleasurable. My friend and I became completely enthralled with this what seemed to be whipped cream the bartender was making. Turns out it was actually pomegranate foam to top off one of their cocktails. the clown punch. Since I am always down for anything pomegranate I just had to have it. Excellent cocktail! I totally recommend it!

My friend and I decided to split the fish and chips and a burger. Both were very good. Burger was good, but nothing too memorable. The fish and chips were awesome! I totally would order it again.

What a great space with a great menu, staff and atmosphere. Way better use of the space than stupid Pink Taco.
3 stars with the potential for more if they add happy hour deals that include their cocktails because their mixologist deserves an Emmy or whatever the equivalent is for drink inventors!! 

Specifically, the Last Word, which includes Hendricks Gin, Green Chartreuse and lime juice garnished with cucumber and cherries and the Ginger Margarita that wreaks of ginger with Milagro Silver, lime, Cointreau and ginger agave syrup. 

Service was good and patio seating is comfortable.

The menu items sound so creative. A genius composed the copy for the menu. Everything sounds so delicious. And, the food is good but it falls a little short of the expectations set by the titles. Don't get me wrong. I'll totally be back. 

Here's what I've tried so far: 

I've had the soft pretzels & provolone fondue a couple times now and they're tasty but there's more cheese than pretzels... not exactly a problem if you order something that comes with fries and you're a dipper, though! 

The pork belly cubano title is misleading but the description sets it straight: "tavern ham." It's not pork belly. It's still yummy. Think awesome ham sandwich with cole slaw on top. And, it may be even better the next day! (The sandwiches are giant - I had to bring half home) This may be my favorite menu item so far. 

The shaved prime rib dip is served with fontina cheese and a side of the onion soup for dipping. Personally, I prefer au jus and I probably wouldn't order the onion soup on its own... it was very sweet! :( 

The butternut squash cannelloni is good but it ain't cannelloni. It's rectangular ravioli. Four of them. Again, plenty of food. Good flavor. Would've preferred more brussel sprout "leaves." 

I tasted my dining companion's short rib pasta and the pasta was over cooked. Might be worth trying again. Seemed like a hearty dish. 

Finally, finished up with the monkey bread. It reminded me of refrigerator biscuit dough topped with cinnamon bun frosting, apples and cinnamon. The ice cream flat out sucked like generic grocery store ice cream. 

I think, in the future, I'll chose a cocktail for dessert! Seriously! They're really creative and delicious.
two of my girlfriends and i went there on a sunday nite in march!  we thought it a bit too romantic for us with the low lites, etc but when in rome...we had a wonderful dinner, and shared dessert...the decor is definitely top notch!
So, here's the thing. I already have a chip on my shoulder about Fox Restaurants. Mostly because, while I adore most of their concepts, I have found the quality of their food to be uneven at best. 

The first time I ate at C.D. I was certain that this was the place that would change my mind. Amazing burger. Superb even. I didn't even mind the fact that it was giant-sized. Ate half and enjoyed every minute of it. Fun drink list. Good apps. Cute, eager server. All in all, a great introduction.

Then, the second time. A salad. Lacking variety of texture and totally overdressed (and not in the "didn't she know it was casual Friday" sort of way...). The server was trying really hard but it seemed like everyone was stretched just a little thin.

So, we are back to "uneven"...

Overall, I think I would come here again. I really want to try it for dinner. And it is way better than the Pink Taco, which inhabited the space before. The food has potential and there are still several things on the menu that I haven't tried that sound good.
Eh.
It was ok.

Just ok though.

I was hoping for a bit more WOW with my seared tuna salad.  
Meh.

I'll come back, as some of the other things on the menu sounded worthwhile.
Took my wife to the Culinary Dropout (CD) for our date night.  We had heard a lot about this place since it took over the spot where the Pink Taco (Mexican food yeah right) use to be.  We started out with Provolone Fondue and pretzel bread.  We also ordered some of their hard to find premium meat (Jamon Iberico).  The fondue was very mild in taste which was good but nothing that would stand out.  I did wrap the pretzel bread with the Iberico which was a good combo.

For a main course I had the ribs and my wife had the shrimp po boy.  The ribs were good but were not smoked, and they are also boiled before they are cooked.  If you like ribs that are not traditionally prepared (smoked/bbq) then you should like these because they do have great pork flavor.  The po boy was also good.  It had great flavor overall but you could not taste the shrimp in it.  The other flavors in the sandwich were just to overpowering.  I think if CD marinated the shrimp and grilled them instead of frying them it would have held up better to the other flavors.

Service was good but not exceptional.

Overall CD is a good restaurant but not special in a sea of trendy bar/restaurants.  It is the typical Fox project that has good food but nothing that would be classified as unforgettable.  Would I go back if a friend had not tried the place yet, yes but I would not go back for a second time with my wife nor would it be a place I would suggest to people as a can't miss.
Our group was not pleased with the quality of  the seared tuna salad (everything about it was low quality and just not tasty) and the quality of the grilled cheese (Velveeta cheese?) sliders.  The cuban sandwich was pretty good, though it's not enough to make us want to go back for more.  On the good side, our server was really nice and sitting outside was very pleasant and breezy.  I hope the food improves.
Empire building is a curious thing...there are always a bunch of supporters and camp followers at first...then the wind changes direction for a while and people begin to have their doubts about the empire.

Sometimes, actual revolution follows and heads (quite literally) roll!

I wonder what will happen to the Fox Restaurant Empire in the future?

Will there be a revolution?...will Fox launch a "Death Star" to destroy "rebel" restaurants?...will they change to become a representative restaurant democracy (electing a new leader every 4 years or so?)...or will they simply fall into decline and decay away, like the Romans?

For now, they seem to be riding tall...good for them!

Some of the Concepts are (it seems to me) more successful (in every sense) than some others...Bloom is disappointing in its execution, Modern Steak is just OK for the price, Sauce is pretty tasty and, in my opinion, Culinary Dropout is the best of the breed, so far (OK, I haven't visited all the far flung reaches of the Empire quite yet...you know the sun never sets on the Fox Empire).

The Beautiful Carin and I had dinner at CD again last evening, after dropping by Old Town Tavern to have a couple of belts, say "hi" to friends and watch people tuning up for the Scottsdale Culinary Festival (a Saturday afternoon debauch of the 1st order).

We have yet to have a bad meal at CD...esp. given the price points...and that always makes me happy!

Pub Burgers, Pretzel Fondue, Fish and Chips, Fried Chicken, Potato Chips (and you know I'm a sucker for fresh house made potato chips), Prime Rib Dip and rest have all been tasty, well prepared and nicely presented by very friendly and attentive wait staff!

What's not to like?

For me the answer is "nothing"...esp. when you add the lovely dcor (it kind of reminds me of my own living room...even out on the patio), the ambiance and convivial atmosphere and the wonderfully relaxed dining experience at CD.

Last night, we took our time, enjoyed a leisurely dinner on the patio, watched people, chatted with our fellow diners and just let the warm, comfortable spring evening settle over us...in other words, the quintessential Scottsdale experience!

For that, I salute the Fox Empire...Pax Fox.
Four and a half stars, but only because I've been once and I wasn't COMPLETELY sold.  Don't get me wrong though, because Culinary Dropout is fantastic!  We chose a relatively odd time of day to grab some lunch, so it was fairly empty when we were seated.  Our waitress was nice enough, but a little stand-offish.  She did her job right, so that's all I really care about.  After I decided what I wanted I gazed about the restaurant, admiring the decor while our waitress made her way back.

We ordered the pretzel bread with cheese fondue to start and I got the grilled cheese sliders.  The pretzel bread was DELICIOUS, even without the cheese dip.  The cheese dip just threw the whole dish over the top amazing.  I really loved this stuff, but I had to stop eating it so I could actually make room for the grilled cheese.  This app is more expensive than the rest, but there is easily enough to feed 4 people.  My grilled cheese sliders were wonderful.  They were served on the adorable little mini slices that look like they were made for fairies, and I just loved that.  So dainty!  The cheese inside was ooey, gooey, and melty.  Just perfect.  Plus, there was bacon, so how can you go wrong.  I think fries came with it, but I can't remember.

I will definitely make my way back here at some point.  I hope Mr. Fox decides to bring one closer to Downtown Phoenix because that would be awesome!  In an area where everything feels so contrived and pretentious, Culinary Dropout was a welcome haven to relax and be yourself.
I loved, loved, loved it here! We stumbled upon this place on our way over to the mall from the W hotel. One look at the menu and I was super excited to try it. Everything looked so good, I was already making plans to come back before we even ate there so I could try everything. 

We got the chips and onion dip to start. It was SOO good. We pretty much devoured it on the spot. (we were hungry). I got the smoked chicken salad (minus the Gorgonzola) and my husband got the turkey pastrami sandwich. I was excited he ordered it because it was my second choice. Both the salad and the sandwich were awesome. Usually when I ask for no cheese, somehow there is always cheese. We could see when our order was up and saw a server thoroughly inspect my salad for cheese. I was convinced they made a mistake but when the salad was brought over, behold, no cheese! In fact, the server was inspecting it to make sure there was nothing in there! 

We were too full to get dessert and never made it back there during the trip, but next time we are in town...I know where we are going!
we tried this place out because it was highly recommended by the front desk staff at our hotel. upon arriving, i realized that it was the old pink taco space - i absolutely love that space and the layout of the restaurant. the location itself is amazing.

it  was friday night at 8:00, so we were expecting a wait. we were told 45 minutes, which was fine. we ordered some wine from the bar ($5.50 a glass - it's $13 where we come from! what a deal!) and then wandered onto the patio. a busboy was clearing off a low-top outside, and informed us that we could have it if we wanted , as they were first come, first serve. so we ditched that little buzzer and sat right down! out waitress was super friendly and quick, which was nice. there was also a live band playing, which was pretty awesome.

my boyfriend and i both started with the french onion soup - it was good, but different than we were used to - it had more of a sweeter taste, but i still really enjoyed it. the boyfriend got a monstrous burger, which he said was fantastic. i had the ricotta gnocchi with sausage, which is amazing - it's in a super light cream sauce, and it was unlike anything i've ever had before - plus, it wasn't a giant bowl of pasta that made me want to immediately fall asleep.

unfortunately, we were too full to try dessert - i really wanted to try the monkey bread - hopefully this place is still around when i come back!
I love the look of this place.  I think I was more entranced by the decor than my meal.  But, that could have been my own fault for getting a salad and not trying one of their other tasty options.  The Smoked Chicken Salad was good, but a little lackluster.  The dolce gorgonzola was the saving grace (or should it be saving taste?).  We also tried the Soft Pretzel and Provolone Fondue, which was very very good.  I am anxious to go back there and try some of their incredible sounding drinks!
I had dinner Friday at Culinary Dropout. It took over the spot where the ill-fated Pink Taco used to be (next door to Wildfish). It's a great location with exposure to the mall crowd at Fashion Square and around the corner from South Bridge. This is another Fox Restaurant Concepts eatery (I'm a fan of most of their places), so I've been wanting to check this place out since it opened a few months ago.

Culinary Dropout was pretty busy the Friday night we were there. The bar area is a fair size and it was packed two people deep around it. The restaurant itself kind of sprawls out. It has fairly high ceilings and they mounted several flat panel TV's up high, so they can be seen from just about anywhere, but they do not detract from the overall atmosphere. I kind of liked being able to look up and catch the score of the game whenever I wanted to. The seating is a serious hodgepodge of furniture. Round tables, square tables, bench seats, wing chairs, and low backed lounge chairs with various fabric patterns make up the decor. This may sound bad, but it actually works (and the seats are very comfy, too). The place is fairly dim, but not like a cave. Noise levels were elevated, but we were able to carry on a conversation without any issues.

You can tell Culinary Droout wants to be more of a bar just by looking at the beer list vs. the wine list. The number of beers is twice as many as the wine, which is not a bad thing if that is what you're in the mood for. They have beers from all over the world and in any style you could want. The wine list is fairly small, with maybe 30 or so wines, but the selection is decent. Everything is available by the glass or the bottle and prices seem to be pretty much 2x retail. We had a bottle of Kinton Syrah that was $35. It's a fine example of a California Central Coast Rhone varietal: dark, rich, fruity, and just delicious.

The menu is a nice assortment of both small plates and entres. You can mix and match your own antipasti as well. Prices range from about $12 and under for the appetizers and all the entres are pretty much less than $20. There were so many good things to choose from that we ended up picking several different things from all over the menu. Here's a breakdown of what we ordered:

    * Chilled Oysters - These were perfect, medium sized oysters from the Pacific Northwest (I asked what type they were and forgot, but they were similar to Hog Island oysters). All I know is they were exactly as I like them to be. Creamy texture and very silky. Just a squeeze of lemon and dash of hot sauce was all they needed to be a perfect starter dish for the meal.
    * Artichoke Salad - This was actually a mix of artichokes, chopped asparagus, endive, and shaved parmesan. Let me just say that the salad is awesome. It was so good that my date would've probably dumped me for it...
    * Butternut Squash Cannelloni - We were debating on having room for this dish, but it sounded so good we had to try it and was very worth it. I'm sometimes not a fan of this type of pasta because there's too much filling, but this one was done very well. The pasta pieces were a smaller size and the butternut squash filling was just the right amount. The sauce was not overly rich and overall it was a very enjoyable dish.
    * Bistro Steak -This is a thin cut sirloin with a creamy peppercorn sauce that has just the right amount of spice to it without being overpowering. It is served with a side of french fries that are very tasty. The steak itself was cooked nicely and it's a satisfying large plate entree.

Final Take

I wasn't sure what to expect from this restaurant, but left knowing I'd be back. The food was great and the service staff was very nice. The manager was also making rounds a swell. We share all our food and the kitchen split all of our courses onto two plates for us (that's always a nice and welcome touch). People coming here looking for high end bar food will not be disappointed. If you're expecting something special, well you'll need to look elsewhere as Dropout is geared more towards being a restaurant-sized bar that serves up good grub. And for most people on a Friday night, that's just what the doctor ordered...

Overall Grade = B+ (Very Good)

The EV Foodie
Oh my gnocchi!!  So soft like little pillows that I want to float away with.  It came w/ shitake mushrooms that really complemented the cream sauce which wasn't heavy at all. Also the portion was really great too!!  Not too much but just right!

My hubby had the burger which was good but nothing too special about it.  But the fries were good!  Get a side of the bbq sauce to dip them in!

The only negative was that we opted to sit outside but at a lower table so we were crouching over our food which was uncomfortable but overall great place to check out what kinds of cars are parked in valet!
The feeling that you get walking into Culinary Dropout must be what it's like to drop some E (as I understand it)... You just want to touch everything! The interior design of the place is a crazy overload of eclectic textures (both tactile and visual) that somehow work together in a harmonious fashion: embossed walls, plush armchairs, supple leather couches, smooth wood tables, glittering chandeliers (ooohhh, shiny)... Sorry. Got distracted for second there. On to the food!

First of all, Culinary Dropout is a gastropub. Which means, with 25 different specialty mixed drinks (including a bacon-infused bloody mary), 44 kinds of beers and 27 wines to choose from, the alcohol is a-flowing. As I was in the mood to try something new, my server (armed with the knowledge that my favorite beer is Guinness) was able to steer me towards the 8 Ball from Lost Cost in California. Pretty tasty... Since I was there with a friend, we decided to do the tapas-esque feast and order a variety of small dishes to share: the Lingot du Quercy (a French, handmade goat cheese served with a cranberry compote and some crusty bread), Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue (pretzel balls served with a small cauldron of warm, liquid cheese), Artichoke Salad (thinly-sliced artichoke hearts and asparagus tossed with endive and Parmesan in a crisp dressing) and Grilled Asparagus.

All the food was very good, but the stand out for me (simultaneously as my favorite taste and biggest gripe) was the Artichoke Salad. Served in a bowl (you'll see why this is important in a second), the salad had an amazing flavor coupled with an interplay of crisp and tender textures. However, by the time we finished the salad, it was over-dressed and rather soggy. Any guesses why? That's right. It was served in a bowl (a fairly narrow one at that). With all the excess dressing pooling to the bottom of the bowl to drown the remainder of the salad, this particular taste experience went from awesome to melancholy pretty quick.

Aside from the space and food, one particularly nice surprise was the discovery that Culinary Dropout hosts live music as well. A local band called The Market started up about halfway through our meal. Sounding like an interesting bluesy/funk-ish take on Cake (they even have a trumpet), the Market was really very good. I'm looking forward to catching them again soon in my musical travels around town!

All in all, a very good first go at this newly-established gastropub. With the likelihood of fun times, tasty food and great music in the mix, I doubt that this experience at Culinary Dropout will be my last.
Since this restaurant opened I have been here 4 times.  I have had a perfect experience every time!  There are just not enough good things to say about this restaurant.  Every detail has been thought out.  I have gotten something different every time.  But the cheese platter and fresh potato chips with wine could be a meal in itself.  Awesome service, very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.
I will be back!  Thank you!
Looking for a place to have lunch outside on a patio, my friend and I decided to stop in here.  We were able to get a nice table by the front door which was great for people watching and the couch seating was very relaxing.

I ordered the Pub Burger which came with bacon, Havarti cheese and fries.  I commented to my friend that this probably wasn't the most healthy meal in the world.  Not 10 minutes later a friend walked by who I hadn't seen in a while.  He mentioned that he had a heart attack just two weeks ago as we both looked at my burger and fries.  He was drooling with envy because he can't eat this stuff anymore and I was thinking that I should probably start to cut back on this type of meal.

The burger was good though.  Large and perfectly cooked.  Crispy bacon and plenty of cheese.

This was a nice place for a leisurely lunch.  Next time, I'll try to order something a little healthier.
Cool place on the Waterfront!  I love the atmosphere, the food was good and the service wasn't bad.  Great place to sit outside and people watch.
This place is absolutely beautiful, there is no doubt about that. It has the kinda atmosphere that you walk into and automatically think "wow, I wish my house looked like this!" It almost makes you feel cooler just by being there... Now, with that said I will let you know that my first experience here was not the best. 

I was invited there by a friend who was performing there that night (about Freedom, which is an excellent local band - check them out!) So my plan was to go hear some good music, get some food, have some drinks... Well, that is not at all what happened! I walked in, no one was around to greet or seat me. After waiting around and checking my text messages for a minute I decided to go ahead and seat myself at the bar. I tried to get the attention of a bartender for a good 20 minutes and nothing, it never happened. I was never able to get a menu or even a drink, so finally I just thought 'eff it, I didn't want to spend any money here so I just grabbed a burrito on the way home instead! 

Hopefully I'll be able to try again one day, but I'm def not in any kinda rush to make it over there...
Went here for dinner on a Saturday night.  Put our names in...and only had to wait about 30 min. Not too bad. The bar was a little too crowded to wait there, so we went a couple of doors down to pass our time.

On to dinner...we had a great server.  He was super friendly, nice and was vocal with his opinions.  I would love to tell you that all of his reccs were spot on...but they weren't.

We started with the pretzels and the cheese fondue. DELISH.  I went halfsies with my friend and we shared the prime rib sammie and the shrimp caesar salad.  The prime rib sammie was mediocre.  The beef wasn't flavored at all, and when we got the fries, they were cold.  Hot plate, cold food..not a good sign.

We did get fresh fries, I didn't finish my half, and moved on to the salad.  The salad was good, but not great.

All in all, I would go for a drink and some apps, but wouldn't really want to eat dinner here again.  I may have just ordered wrong...but two meh things do it for me.
I was very impressed. The atmosphere was a little over a top, but I would expect nothing less for the location.
Allison, our server was great. Honest, efficient, and knowledgable.
My wife and I had some cheese to start, a lovely goat from Vermont, served on perfect bread.
I had the butternut squash canneloni. I would give it a 9.7.
The food was great, resonably priced, I can't wait to return....
Two trends that need to end.  ASAP.  Really, ahorita:

1.  Bacon mixed with everything under the sun.  Bacon doesn't need an accompaniment, it's amazing all on its own.  No more bacon donuts.  Please, for the love.

2.  Overuse of truffle oil.  Dumping truffle oil on a dish does not make it gourmet.  Please stop.  For real.

Culinary Dropout is guilty of succumbing to these two trends.  That being said, the service and atmosphere make it forgivable.  Our server and the manager were hyper aware of how long we'd been waiting.  Even though it was not that big of a deal to us, it was nice to know they cared.

They mean well when it comes to cocktails, but they were a little lightweight for me, relying heavily on simple syrup and mixers to dumb down the alcohol.  Their beer list made up for it, though.  I've never had a stout in a can, but they managed to find the brewery that pulled it off.

Yeah, my ricotta gnocchi was drenched in truffle oil, but the sausage and mushrooms made it actually a pretty good dish.  And the beets were fresh and delicious.

I liked it, I'm not gonna lie, but I wish they'd stop falling prey to the trends and branch out a bit.  Culinary Dropout, you're better than that.
I went here last night at 7pm with a party of 7.  We were certain the place would be busy so we called ahead.  Turns out the place was pretty dead the entire 2 hours we were there.  This is why I love AZ in the summer.

I love the decor of the place.  It is real open and airy (at least when they have all the doors open), they have nice big tables and comfortable seating.  The decorations are interesting as well.  The whole place has a great vibe to it.  I just don't like it that they play the music a bit too loud.

Though I didn't have any, they have a pretty impressive and reasonably priced beer/wine/interesting cocktail menu.  They have a big list of real random cocktails that I would like to come back and sample.

The Food:

* House Potato Chips = excellent. a bit too salty though.  I have no idea why the onion dip is famous; it is pretty good but nothing that you couldn't get out of a can.
* Soft Pretzels & Fondu = very good and exactly what you would expect....pretzels and melted cheese.  Nothing fancy.
*Artichoke Salad = very interesting and pretty good.
* Kurobuta Pork Ribs = excellent. very very tender and very very tasty.  this dish really doesn't jive with the rest of the menu but whatever...I ordered it anyway to go against the grain of my party.  The fries and cole slaw that come with are not very good.
* Ricotta Gnocchi = very interesting and pretty good.

This place is very interesting to say the least thus the name I guess.  I'm not sure I would rush back but it was very good and the service was great.
I had been wanting to try Culinary Dropout for a good while, last night the opportunity finally struck and I was not let down. Kristen and I went with our three favorite couples to celebrate an engagement, we decided to arrive at six thirty because they do not take reservations (I will never understand why restaurants choose to not accept them). Once seventy five percent of your party is there you get a little buzzer and your name on the list. 
      We found our friends sitting at the outside bar and joined them for some drinks. The bar is pretty awesome, there were several bartenders, so you never needed more than a little eye contact for quick service, and they have a ton of beers and specialty cocktails on the menu, from fruity and sweet to harsh and alocoholy. The seats were fairly plentiful and comfy, and there are also lounge seats all around the bar area for the outside dining, I thought the layout and design was attractive and used the limited space wisely, I'd love to come back for an outside lunch. The bartenders and waiters were friendly and attentive, all good looking (of course, Scottsdale) and all of our drinks (from beers to martinis to fruity stuff) were delicious and not too overpriced, I mean, they were overpriced, but not quite Scottsdale overpriced. So far, so good. We paid the tab and headed inside. 
      The atmosphere inside is awesome. I hope to someday open a restaurant, so when I enter a new business I eat it up, I devour the place, I pick apart the ambiance, the lighting, the noise level, the architecture and design, everything, and I really like Culinary Dropout. The tables are huge, slabs of hard, rough wood, very rustic and western, it is dimly lit with modern (not too loud) music playing, there is a surprising amount of room and lots of space for big party's, they have a stage for live music (awesome), Culinary Dropout really surprised me. 
      I will spare critiquing each meal and just stick with Kristen and I's, but just to be fair, two in our group had the beer battered fish and chips, one had the pub burger, one had the fried chicken and two had the shaved prime rib dip, and none complained. 
      Our group shared both the house potato chips, which were very tasty and fried just right, and the onion dip was flavorful, not some run of the mill dip, and the soft pretzel and provolone fondue, which was fantastic. A pretzel is kind of a pretzel, they were good, soft and all, but the provolone sauce simply exploded, man it was good, creamy and tasty, you should definitely try it. I ordered the fried chicken, which was delectable, it had a great but not overdone crunch, it was sweet and you could actually taste the spices, not just the taste of the fryer, you also get a lot of it, three big, juicy, tender pieces. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which was good enough, nothing special, but only had two bites in it, and two very small but scrumptious biscuits with honey. Dear Kristen had the shaved prime rib dip which was fine, a little disappointing I guess, just not much meat, the meat to bread ratio was severely lacking, and it came with fries which were very good. If you're really in the mood for a prime rib sandwich, head to Houston's. 
      I will be back here for sure. I paid for Kristen and I, plus the newly engaged couple, and including drinks and all food it only came to ninety eight dollars, that is a bargain for this atmosphere and the overall quality of the food and staff. It also only took us about an hour to get seated, eight people on a Friday night in Scottsdale with no reservations? How can you beat that. Culinary Dropout is simply awesome.
Like all of Sam Fox's restaurants, Culinary Dropout intrigued me enough to get me in the door to try it and pleased me at first with its nice atmosphere and friendly service, but then didn't meet expectations when it came to food and value. He seems to have a recurring pattern of great concepts with mediocre execution. The $9 grilled cheese sliders were pretty bad, with yellow American cheese like the packaged grocery store slices. For just $6, you can have a MUCH better grilled cheese sandwich at former Fox restaurant, Chloe's Corner (at Kierland Commons), and it's greater quantity, too. The $12 smoked chicken salad was quite yummy but very small. You could get equally as good salads at Chloe's Corner for $7.50. Or if you're going to spend $12, at least go across the way at Fashion Square to Grand Lux Caf and get one that's big enough for a whole meal! The $7 salted carmel pot de creme was also just so-so. I almost NEVER leave any dessert uneaten, but this was just very one-dimensional and too sweet. I won't be rushing back here any time soon, but I'll probably be suckered in to trying some of Fox's other new places. I guess I'm just an optimist.
Great location.  Nice decor.  The food was adequate, but $13 for the turkey pastrami sandwich was a little high for a lunch.  I guess those chandeliers are expensive and rent at the Waterfront cannot be cheap.  Our server was poorly trained.  She placed the food in front of me instead of the lady first. I asked for water and the server brought only one glass of water and didn't bother to ask about the lady's needs.  This venue is not for those who appreciate fine or even appropriate service.  Sam needs to educate his young servers on the finer points of courtesy.  Our server was also extremely bored with her job, her life, and her existence.  That's the impression we received.
The restaurant interior seemed to have an identity crisis.  I couldn't figure out if it was a sports bar, a hip dining venue or what.  But I must credit them for their food.  I tried the Prime rib dip and bacon infused bloody mary.  I also had to try the Monkey Break dessert.  All the things I ordered were very good - great flavor!  Service was on the slow side but they were extremely busy.  Anyhow, I'd definitely come back to eat the same things.
Culinary Dropout rocks!  The drink menu is awesome.  Tons of beers to choose from and many priced around $5.  The cocktails are very unique and really good.  Now to the food.  There are many standouts, but if you could only get one thing, get the Soft Pretzles with Provolone Fondue.  They are amazing and I dream about them often.  Soft pillowy pretzle bites that are moist and amazing.  So good you can eat them plain.  But you shouldn't because the provolone fondue is super yummy.  For the entrees, I've had the Cuban Sandwich, Shaved Prime Rib Dip Sandwich, The Pub Burger, and the Gnocchi.  The cuban sandwich is made with pork belly and is amazing.  I usually ask for a little extra yellow mustard because I like my cuban to be a little more traditional.  The Pub Burger is amazing.  The Gnocchi is make with mushrooms and truffle oil and is heavy, but worth it.  

The atmosphere is beautiful and all of the waiters I've had have been great.  They always make great recommendations are will take care of you.  

I will keep going to Culinary Dropout on a regular basis.
happy hour is m-f 3-6p. the paper bag beer special for under $2. surprise its PBR. they say it changes up and that PBR is probably one of the better ones.

if money is not an issue they have a really good beer selection including my favorite La Fin du Monde. 

didnt have a chance to try the hh food but the prices looked okay. might go back accidentally some day.
After a 40 min. wait to get in on a Saturday (standard), we had to wait another 40 minutes to get our food, which wasn't expected or appreciated.  I ordered the Pork Belly Cubano and it was missing the all important pork belly.  After the wait I just ate it and left with a feeling of "I'll never eat there again".  The server and another helper had apprehension when the food was delivered.  Sort of "I hope he doesn't notice it doesn't have Pork Belly!".  The server even comically asked if it was our first trip to C.D..  Possibly a probing question into weather or not I knew I had just been screwed.  The sandwich was cold and had a Subway quality cold lunch meat.  To add insult to injury I got a plate full of dirty scrap fries.  My wife's Chicken Hash with black truffles was also kind of a joke.  You can get a better hash at the Cheesecake factory without the pretense.

All in all Culinary Dropout lives up to it's name.  We didn't write a review on our first trip to but it was forgettable and this second trip just leaves me feeling ashamed of myself.
We took my parents here on Saturday for Father's Day to try something new. We got there around 6:30 and didn't have to wait for a table. We got seated immediately. Now, I'm a nondrinker so I can't really rate the drinks but their cocktail list is insane. 

We started with the soft pretzels with provolone fondue which was TO DIE FOR. So delicious and flavorful. I recommend it to everyone. 

We also ordered some cheese and meat off the antipasti menu which was delicious as well. The cheese was very moist and flavorful and the capicola had just enough pepper to give it a hint of spice. 

For entrees, I ordered the short rib pasta which had delicious flavorful short rib in a yummy red sauce. It wasn't too heavy or too light. Just right. My boyfriend ordered the MAC burger which is basically just a glorified Big Mac only better. My mom got the smoked chicken salad and my dad ordered the coq au vin. Everyone seemed to be happy with their choices. 

We had to skip on dessert because we were so full after wards but I can't wait to come back and try some more delicious food!
4/11/10

I've eaten here twice already, and I love this place!  Easily five stars, but a few things keep me from rating so...  One reason is that I'm not that enamored of the vibe here- feels a little too much like a meat market, maybe?  Perhaps the atmosphere's a little too "dark" (gloomy/goth-y)?  Tiny details which, for now, do not prevent me from wanting to go back and try something new from the menu!

On my first visit (late March/early April), I sat at the bar and was served by a very patient and helpful bartender whose name now escapes me.  (Sorry!)  However, he did steer me to the right direction on this visit by suggesting I try the Kurobuta Pork Ribs (and on the next visit with the Fried Chicken)!  I thought it funny that one of his pork ribs' selling points was that it was cooked in a sous vide-- sorry I kind of rained on your parade when I knew what a sous vide was.  (Thanks to episodes of Iron Chef America and fellow Yelper Joel L.'s cool blog at onefordinner.com!)  Hey!  You had me at "no, it doesn't contain mustard."  (I asked.)  

Woohoo!  It's been a long time since I had BBQ pork ribs, and this platter was worth waiting for!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=i3AkQGxtvOCETdQWiiPMCw#i3AkQGxtvOCETdQWiiPMCw  Great flavors and fall-off-the-bone tender pork...  The dish is usually paired with fries, but I asked if I could sub coleslaw, instead.  Oh my God, the slaw here is incredible!  (I wish they sold jars of coleslaw to take home.)  Needless to say, I ate the whole thing!  But was I done eating?  No!  I had to have something sweet, so I ordered the Apple Monkey Bread.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=LJSG9mQ0OJ0Hg11nLf_PAg#LJSG9mQ0OJ0Hg11nLf_PAg  Again, another winner!  I would've preferred a higher apple content (and less bread), but that's more of a preference than a fault in execution.  Loved the vanilla bean ice cream pairing, as well!

On my second visit, I ordered the Fried Chicken, which, according to the menu, comes with a buttermilk biscuit and honey drizzle.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=KVajeeB3_N2SYylwQpxOSQ#KVajeeB3_N2SYylwQpxOSQ  I asked for an extra plate so that I could share the food with Mom.  When the food finally arrived*, we were pleasantly surprised that the kitchen split the food onto two plates for us... so cool!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=C538acZVs3swVhHCQ0vwmA#C538acZVs3swVhHCQ0vwmA

LOVED the fried chicken!  The batter coating treatment was perfect- very light, yet so crispy and not too greasy.  The biscuits were small, but perfect size for the amount of chicken we received.  I would've liked the biscuit to be a little flakier, but other than that, I liked my piece.  I personally loved the honey drizzle on the chicken, but Mom didn't.  (I told her to just take the coating off.  After awhile, I asked her to just give the rest of her chicken!  LOL.)  I really enjoyed what little of the garlic mashed potatoes I tried, and so did Mom!  (Thank goodness the potatoes made the grade with her, because the honeyed chicken didn't, and now I can't get her to go back to CD....)

Cannot wait for my next visit!  The prime rib dip and bistro steak are calling my name :)  [I hear from a foodie coworker that the salmon is not bad, either!]

*I wonder how the crusty bread tastes like?  I spied quite a few sitting on a counter on my way back from the restroom.  Haven't tried the bread yet, because CD charges $2 for a serving.  Why charge for table bread?  Does anyone else find this practice off-putting?
A solid 3.5 stars for my first visit, if that were an option.  When 5th and Wine dared to close over Memorial weekend, my friend and fellow Yelper, Christina P, suggested CD as an alternative.

Trying to grasp onto those last few days of tolerable temps, we sat outside, and drink orders were taken promptly.  I went with the Camelback Cooler.  I wanted to love it, but it was a miss for me.  I wanted it to be a little sweeter and more "orangey."  Instead, it was on the bitter side.  Cocktail number two was the Clown Punch.  This was the hit for me.  The pomegranate foam on top was unexpected, well not really since it's listed on the menu, and fun!

We all shared the soft pretzels and provolone fondue.  I could try everything on their menu, and I'm pretty sure that would still be a favorite for me.  But who doesn't love bread and cheese?  I also tried the pork belly cubano, although Christina forewarned me it's really ham, not pork belly.  Maybe that's why the restaurant is called "Culinary Dropout."  Whatever the hell it was, it was really good, too.

Although the Scottsdale "Waterfront" is not necessarily my favorite place to be, I can see myself enjoying CD every now and then.  I can also see that 4th star with another try.
My first visit a lunch visit was V. enjoyable.  The pretzel balls were doughy heaven then to add fondue....you had me at hello,,, good.  My crunchy shrimp caesar was a nice portion size and a creative spin on a great traditional salad.  We didn't have to wait at lunch and the service was fair.
Three stars for my very first visit. 

Three of us came around 6:30pm on Saturday, about 15mins wait for a table inside, I guess its pretty standard for any place in old town. The waitress was nice enough to share the drink menu and got us ordered some drinks while waiting. We had the Simple Plan, the Home-de Martini, and Acai Mojito. All were pretty good, but a bit pricey ($10 each)

So here comes the food. We ordered the Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue, the first couple of bites were great, but it got dry and tasteless after three, and for softness, honestly, I'd rather go for the $3 Wetzels Pretzel. I had the Smoked Chicken Salad, friends had the Italian Chopped Salad and the Short Rib Pasta. Both salads were good, but not that outstanding. However, we all liked the pasta, it was very flavorful yet kinda soupy. Very good! We took the waitress's recommendation and ordered the Apply Monkey Bread (you're probably thinking the same thing as we did), Monkey bread? So it's basically small bites of cinnamon roll with small chunks of apple paired with  vanilla ice cream. It was very sweet and rich, three of us couldn't finish one plate...If you can't take a lot of sweet and pretty full, then do NOT order it.

The ambience is casual, spacious, and pub-style, but the music on Saturday night was too loud, we felt that we had to scream at each cross the table...
Met a couple friends here for happy hour - I can't speak to the regular menu, just the happy hour offerings.

For round one, (the two gals)  we ordered the fries - $6, the antipasti for one(chef's choice)  - $7, and two of the grilled cheese sliders at $2.50 each.

Service was prompt and all the food was very tasty.  
I knew about the bacon on the grilled cheese, but not the tomato.  I am not a fan of hot tomato, so I would have asked them to hold it had I known...but that's preference, not quality related.  The bread, chesse and bacon were just right...and I could have made a meal of these alone.
The fries are thin cut, fresh and very nicely seasoned.  Everything you could want in a fry - and generous basket of them provided!
The antipasti platter was my favorite.  Choice today was brie, sopressata, almonds and roasted tomato.  The bread served with it was perfect...crusty on the outside and heavenly pillow within.

Round two (the man joined us after he got off work), we ordered three additional grilled cheese sliders, the crispy shrimp and the chicken tenders ($5 each.)  I ordered the red wine cooler ($4 happy hour special, available in red, white and pink.)  As the server suggested - it was cool and refreshing with blackberry flavor.
Loved the shrimp...similar to popcorn shrimp but perfectly exectued.  Hot and crispy outside, tender inside and lots of flavor.  
Was let down by the chicken tenders.  Nothing wrong with them, per se...but everything else was so well done, the plainness of the chicken really stood out.
Will definitely be back for happy hour...and as my bank account grows, I'll look forward to working my way down the very cool drink list!
I drove by this restaurant last week and remember thinking "wow, that font style is very Fox Concept-y!" Lo-and-behold, I wasn't wrong! 

My friend and I had dinner here on Saturday night for her going-away farewell. We were told by the hostess that the wait would be 5-10 minutes. I ordered a Home-EC martini while we waited, and it was okay. I love basil, but I'm not sure if I could get used to it in my drinks. The size of the drink for the price was a bit disappointing as well. 

For an appetizer, we ordered the soft pretzel and it was amazing!! The provolone fondue with the soft, warm pretzels were so delicious! My friend and I were really surprised, and impressed. The chicken tortilla soup was also really good. There were small chunks of tomatoes in the soup that had just enough spiciness. After two impressive starters, I was excited for my coq au vin, but I was actually really disappointed. The sauce was way too sweet for my liking. The vegetables and chicken were cooked well, but it was pretty difficult to put down the sauce. 

Although we waited much longer than 5-1o minutes for our table, the service here was pretty good.
I have a new favorite drink - the Home-ec Martini at culinary dropout. The food was good and the service top notch (thanks Brittany) but the martini(s) were great. The  pretzel fondue got us started and I would have that again but did I mention the Home-ec martini?  I'll be back.
I am happy to report that since visiting Culinary Dropout for the soft opening, I've been back numerous times and I've been very happy every time I've gone back. Their Happy Hour is amazing with $1 beers and amazing food specials and luckily, they only have live music after 9 pm now. Great spot for dinner, drinks or happy hour!
YUM, YUM! Took my son and his girl friend there to eat after my sister went and said everything was delicious. We started with the Soft Pretzel & Provolone Fondue. Yummy! My son had the Pub Burger with Havarti cheese and bacon and loved it. Girlfriend had the Short Rib Pasta and said it was wonderful. Husband had the Smoked Chicken Salad and raved about it the whole time and I had the Chicken Hash and Eggs which was great! 

Couldn't give five stars because it's a little too noisy. I asked if they would turn down the music, but they said they couldn't :(  We had trouble hearing each other.
This place wasn't that great for the price.  I spent 15 on 2 mini grilled cheese sliders and a tea (basically bar food over priced) Not much to choose from on the menu plus portion size didn't equal out to what I paid for.   The crowd is very Scottsdale and the staff wasn't that friendly.  Definitely wont go back here again.
This place is really different. The set up is very interesting. The tables are huge with big chairs that look like something you'd find in your grandmother's living room. The booths are also big leather couches that give off the same vibe. But it all comes together in a cool modern kind of way. The chairs are comfortable, but there's big downside. I'm short, so the table was oddly high. 

Culinary dropout is also kind of small, so we waited a while to get a table, but once we ordered, the food came out ridiculously fast. But the it was really good, and the prices are pretty low (especially compared to the other places in the Waterfront/Fashion Square Mall area). 

The cocktail menu is really impressive. I would definitely head back just to try the random assortment of drinks they make. Their Appetizer menu also has a lot interesting temptations. 

I would recommend Culinary Dropout as a perfect happy hour spot. Hit it up sometime with your friends and coworkers on at an early time on a weekday evening.
Doesn't allow reservations. Prices are mostly reasonable. Kitchen works in slow-motion. 

Had several antipasti, decent, but not the best. Had the gnocchi, good and rich, however there was truffle oil that wasn't on the menu. Had it been, I would not have ordered it-I can't stand the smell.
This place was pretty neat for our first visit.

My husband and I stopped in at this place to try something new. The menu was pretty standard - sandwiches, burgers, salads - but the antipasto menu was kinda of unique, or the combination of it all was.

We ordered the Pub Burger and Shaved Prime Rib sandwich, they were both pretty good, but a little pricey for what it was ($15 for a sandwich!!).

The decor was pretty interesting, kinda dark for night time but the chandeliers were absolutely beautiful!

The staff were attentive and almost overly informative on the food (couldn't hurt right). The place had a nice vibe and mixed crowd. Definitely a place to stop by for their awesome summer happy hour specials!

Overall 4 stars for good food and service.
We have been here twice and the first time was awesome, lots of laughs, great service, delicious food. Of course, I had a few at the bar before, so everything was fun...
The next time, we had dinner on the patio. We waited and waited and had to ask the waitress who was waiting on the people right next to us for service. We finally had a nice young man wait on us and of course, we waited for everything. We waited for the water, drinks and the food. 
So, we will be back but not too soon. Okay, here is a funny story to share...We sat next to 2 women who asked their server if the Articoke salad had articokes in it...come on, that is funny.
Three stars or four stars, three stars or four stars...I had such a tough time figuring out where Culinary Dropout belongs on Yelp and I am resting at a hesitant three for now.  

Love the rock-emphasis decor, kitchen employees, and music.  I heard some great songs that I've never heard in a restaurant so props to that right off the bat.  

I went as part of a huge, crazy, birthday extravaganza so the service aspect is to be expected as a little on the slower side.  Their beer selection is pretty formidable, while their tap beer selection is definitely lacking.

I tasted the fabled pretzels with cheese dipping sauce and yes, they were probably the one thing that would suck me back into this place against my will.  The rib tip pasta wasn't bad, it was filling but seemed to lack a certain pizazz that would leave me wanting more.

The prices were definitely on the lower side for the area.  I'll probably come back here, and I'll probably like it but I probably won't know why.
A group of us from work recently tried out Culinary Dropout for lunch.  I had only been in the past for bevies, so was excited to try the food.  It was ok.  We took our Chef from the hotel also, and he commented the same.  DO:  order the pretzel bites appetizer with the cheese fondue - awesome.  The menu does cover all of the bases as far as having the burger, sandwiches, salads, some pasta dished.  I ordered the french dip, and it was good, not a whole ton of meat inside the big, big, bun.  My co-worker had a burger and it looked really good, and was quite large also, she took home half.  Our chef ordered the pastrimi on pretzel bread and said it was quite tasty, and another co-worker had their version of the cuban sandwich.  Again, everything was good, not blow me away, but good.  However, I do love the decor, and they have this huge beautiful big chandelier hanging.  The chairs and seating areas are all kind of mismatched and funky, but it works.  I love the patio and will definately check it out when it isn't 300 degrees outside in July.  The wait staff is not dissapointing either...Scottsdale's finest pretty people that can serve too.
My friend celebrated her birthday here yesterday evening. We were the first three of about 15 people to show up. The server was really inconsistent and scatterbrained. As soon as we were seated, she asked us if we were ready to order drinks. After telling her we needed some time, she came back two minutes later to ask again. We asked for a HH menu and she came back several minutes later with one. Errrr.. OK, I guess the 3 of us can share... not that big of a deal I suppose. 

10 minutes later, she came back and we ordered our drinks and appetizers. While waiting for our orders, more people started to trickle in. By the time she came back to our table, there were about 10+ people passing around 1 happy hour menu. Either that was the only copy in the whole restaurant or she didn't want us to order from it because as soon as someone set it down, she snatched it up and took off w/ it. WTH!? 

While everyone was laughing about it and asking "did that really just happen?!" our food arrived. My friend & I shared the pork belly cubano and chicken fingers. Both were OK, but they should have just named the pork belly cubano a ham cubano because the piece of pork belly was no larger than 2 fingers. A total disappointment because I was looking forward to the pork belly the most! As for our drinks, she was OK if we flagged her down to take our (alcoholic) drink orders, but she was really scatterbrained when it came to refilling our waters! I asked several times for a refill, but she would walk away after refilling other people's half full glasses and ignore my completely empty glass. She did this to a few other people too that asked for water.

There were a few other servers that were helping her out w/ our table. When they brought out the orders, they would just drop off the plates wherever they felt like. Sometimes they would drop it off at one end of the table, sometimes in the middle, sometimes at the other end. Never once did they ask who it belonged to. When one dish was brought to my friend, she gave him a puzzled look and he started to walk away. She said "I guess I can figure out who this belongs to.." and he came back and said "well I guess I can do it if you don't want to..." WTF. Isn't it his JOB to?!? 

My friend said she had a very similar experience last time too. Needless to say, I won't be back. Such a shame since I work right across the street and my co-workers and I eat out almost everyday.
Food is delicious, however the service is a bit slow. Don't go here if you are on a tight timeline :).

Great live music on Friday nights, so if you are looking for a different place, with lots going on in the background, with some good food, you should definitely check it out!
I had high hopes for this place...cute name and theme.  Plus, I looked at their menu online and was pretty excited.  

What's funny is that OTHER than the food (somewhat of a big deal when I go out to eat and I'm starving!) I had a great experience here.  Service was great (really great actually), we got right in and I had one of the best gin cocktails I've had in awhile.  Delish...if anything go for a few drinks and move on somewhere else for the food.

I had trout and it was worse than something I could make at home on a Tuesday night.  Which is saying a lot b/c I'm a terrible cook.  Sides were flat, small portion and just not very satisfying.

Conclusion  - great service, great drinks and fun atmosphere but terrible food.  Lots of other great places like that in Scottsdale, don't waste your time!
Neither thrilling nor horrifying, a solid A-OK. 

From the 'nothing over $20' menu to the wait staff who don't wear uniforms, Culinary Dropout is trying very hard to be unpretentious. Located in a prime spot near the Waterfront and Fashion Square, it ends up being a place where people want be seen.  Look at Meeeeeee!

The interior is a large dark open space. This is good for finding the people you are supposed to be meeting, but bad in that the acoustics are not the best. Depending upon where you sit, even before the live music starts this place gets loud. Very loud. Huh? What? Yeah, I said LOUD! 

The menu contains an assortment of comfort food as well as some pretty creative sounding cocktails. Feeling brave? You can even get a 'paper bag special' beer for $1.95 that could be pretty much anything. 

Our group of 8 started with appetizers: 
Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue ($10) - these are puffy balls of soft pretzel bread served with a pot of cheese for dipping. While I love my cheese probably more than almost anything, this reminded me of melted American cheese slices. I think a spicier or sharper cheese would have been better. 

House Potato Chips with Famous Onion Dip ($6) - I love fresh potato chips but these were really, really greasy. The 'famous' dip (who decides that, by the way?) was just OK. 

Crusty Bread with Good Olive Oil ($2) - basically what it says - slices of bread with a small bowl of olive oil. 

I had the Roasted Chicken Salad, with sour apples, pistachio and dolce gorgonzola ($12). While this was fairly good, I should have asked for the dressing on the side. There was a lot in there. Probably enough for two salads, so the lettuce quickly became squishy. The chicken portion was pretty small but I did enjoy the overall flavor of the crisp apples and crunchy pistachios and cheese. 

Our waiter was great, but the runner who brought out our food was clueless. She didn't seem to care that she was just putting items in front of the wrong person, and we all had to shift the dishes around ourselves to get to what we had ordered. She also carried the salad bowls with her thumb inside of them, touching the food! Ick... 

I think this place could be fun for drinks or happy hour (day-drinking, anyone, when it is cool enough for the patio??) but the food was just average.  I would rather wander next door to Wildfish...
Nice vibe, good range of bar food - the green mussels are tasty.
Good range of beers, including local ones. 
Young crowd, fashionable and flirty. A good night out for twenty/thirtysomethings.
Overall, the experience was good. The food was tasty and the price was very reasonable. 
Some drawbacks...
It was VERY loud and not a good place to go if you are wanting conversation with the person you're dining with. 
During the summer in Arizona, I think it is important to have a break from the heat. Unfortunately, the evening we ate at Culinary Dropout it was miserable. The restaurant was so hot. Our waiter was sweating and complaining that they had the "garage bar doors" open. It was unbearable! 
I will return to the restaurant again- but not until the temperature drops 50 degrees or so. Hard to enjoy your food from a sweaty server and be uncomfortably hot yourself.
We brought our one year old, sat outside, and received amazing food and great service--really like this place!
Went with another couple on a weeknight... no wait, good service.  The Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue is to die for.  We also ordered the Pork Belly Cubano, it was just eh, but the Kurobuta Pork Ribs were awsome!!!  They have a great beer/wine menu.  Would recommend this place more for drinks and apps. but will definately head back.
Dear Fox Restaurants - I am slightly disappointed in this recently opened Fox creation. I am a fan of your other joints, and this one fell a little flat for me. We went to dinner with some work colleagues. They all seemed to enjoy their meals. But mine was a little disappointing. 

When we arrived my colleagues had already ordered wine and the pretzel appetizer. These were both great. I ordered the gnocchi for my entree - this was were I was disappointed. I think with some work this dish could be great. But it was -- ehh. The gnocchi (which is usually one of my favorite dishes) was a little mushy. I also did not think the sausage and mushrooms blended (taste wise) in the dish. 

I would go back and give this place another shot. Just order something different.
Whoever designed this restaurant did an excellent job.  I guess Scottsdale's restaurants are all about replicating the "club scene."  The "club" ambiance can easily make a restaurant tacky, but I felt this place was classy/edgy.  

We had our baby with us and it was his dinner time as well.  We asked the waitress if they had a microwave to heat up his Gerber food, and she said they don't have one.  Guess they make everything fresh.  Instead, she said that one of the chefs offered to put his food into a bowl and heat it in the oven.  Fantastic!

As for the food, we ordered the honey fried chicken and shaved prime rib sandwich.  Sandwich was on the salty side, but I enjoyed my fried chicken.
Having only lived in Scottsdale for two weeks, I found my self here twice! 

The staff is casual, knowledgable, friendly and efficient.  

The decor is fantastic: texture, color, light and ambiance is a true bonus to the food. It's very laid-back "rocker" but inviting to all.

Though I would skip the "fried chicken" - - the flavor is nothing to write home about (the chicken fingers were better, leaner and non-greasy compared to the fried chicken entree but it might be the house made sauce that may have saved them). The name of the place makes me think that the Chef should up the anty on flavor.and the biscuits are def better at KFC - - Even the $5 cheap salad is just Ok.  What I do highly recommend the pretzel ball and provolone cheese fondue!  Yes, yes, yes.  

Their happy hour is a noteworthy event: in the summer they have $4 wine coolers that are addictive (wine, dash of liquor, soda and fruit) and a select menu of half off goodies. Plus a decent beer selection.

All in all, everyone SHOULD give this place a try at least once.
If you are looking for a hip fun place to find amazing cocktails and food, this is it!   The decor is comfortable yet trendy.  The staff is way hipster. The patrons range from young to older, nice mix of people there at all times!  Excellent food! Incredible mixologists!  Doesn't hurt that the staff is super friendly and there is zero atitude here! Price can't be beat.!  Fox Group you have certainly done it again!!!!
This has become one of our regular lunch options on the weekend. The pretzels and fondue are awesome, and the little house salad is an unexpected treat. Monkey bread is delicious, though we rarely have space for it!! The menu items we've tried, we've liked!
For as much as this restaurant was hyped, and for as much thought as was put into the aesthetics, I expected much better food.

We visited CD on a Friday around noon, when I thought the place would be full.  Instead, we found it virtually empty, which is not usually a good sign, especially for a place so centrally located in Old Town Scottsdale.  I tried the cheeseburger, which the waiter described to me as the best burger he had ever had, hands down.  While there was nothing wrong with the burger, I would probably not order it again.

Sure, it's a cool looking place, and I'd go again if it were just for drinks, but I wouldn't recommend it as a restaurant...not when there are so many better restaurants so close by.
This place is damn good to say the least!  For those of you that don't know this is one of Fox's restaurants.  They know what they are doing.  We had several meats and cheeses and they were all awesome.  We also had the Soft Pretzels and Cheese/Fondue, and it was freaking awesome.  I found myself using the cheese for just about anything.  I know that sounds kind of gross, but it was so good.  Then again I was drinking....  I had the Fish & Chips.  It was good.  I have nothing negative to say about this place.  It is almost worth 5 stars in my mind, but I really need to be blown away, or have something amazing happen during the meal to give the all mighty 5 stars.
Well Fox Concepts has done it again! I went for my second time with my husband for lunch . I had yesterdays soup , Minestrone soup with Italian sausage and he had the Cheeseburger.  The Cheeseburger was the best i ever had , it topped Flemming's cheeseburger, if you could imagine. The fries are thin cut and perfectly seasoned , not too salty. The soup , oh man, had roasted veggies and the perfect amount of fresh northern beans and lil Italian sausage meatballs. I am for sure going to figure out how to master the recipe.
The scene and location here are awesome, however the drinks and food did not bowl me over. I ordered a Moscow Mule, and it barely tasted like it had alcohol in it. We also ordered the famous fondue, and quite frankly, it reminded me of eating at Wetzel Pretzels or Aunt Annie's pretzels but paying $10 for it. If I ever come out to Scottsdale again, I probably will give it another shot and try ordering different items, and hopefully it will be better because it was fun to hang out at CD.
I absolutely love this place and frequent here often.  Everything I have ate there has been good even though now most of the time I just fill up on the pretzels!  Happy hour is a lot of fun here and the staff isn't too bad to look at either.  I do agree that this is more of a drinks/appetizers kind fo place rather than a common dinner spot.  Really good drinks,  great atmosphere, and really friendly staff.
I went here for the NFL Season Opener, Saints v. Vikings, that Culinary had been promoting. We had a group of 8 and were able to get seated about fifteen minutes for game time. For a place with so much seating, I was impressed with their drink specials. $2 beers (mystery beers in brown bags) and an assortment of football themed cocktails for $4.  The food was also pretty good, we had wings, burgers, nachos, and chili. All of it was pretty good, better than typical bar food. 

While the food, beer and location was great, this is not the place to watch any NFL games. There is only one screen, and then small tvs around the seating area. Even if you are on the side of the table where you can see a TV, it's difficult to see everything on the screen because they are so small, and the sound system is horrible for watching TV. Needless to say, if your back is to the entrance, you're not going to be watching every play. 

This definitely made for a fun night, but it won't become a staple anytime soon.
What's the big deal?  I feel like this place is over priced.  Their ideas are ok, but nothing spectacular.  Portions aren't very big.  I might come back and see if anything's improved once a year or so...  Or maybe come for happy hour where I can see what's going on at a lower rate..
Stopped in for the first time with my sister and her hubby who were visiting from out of town, and after a day of shopping this seemed like a good spot to get some lunch. I have to say the inside is pretty impressive, very sexy dcor, I dig it. The napkins kinda weirded me out, mostly cause the dang thing shed all over my black pants, but whatev, no biggie.

I had the seared tuna salad with wasabi peas, and LOVED IT. Sis had the shrimp Caesar and said it was great, and hubby had the shaved prime rib sandwich, which he enjoyed thoroughly!

All in all good experience, will definitely be back. Seems like it would be a great place for happy hour or evening cocktails with the ladies before a night out !
Last night my girl friend threw a birthday dinner for her boyfriend at Culinary Dropout.  We had a table of about 10 people, and it was nice to find that they took reservations and had a great table ready for us when we arrived.  I didn't have dinner (already ate) but I did enjoy the soft pretzel and fondue that everyone raves about!  I absolutely loved the idea of the "Paper Bag Special" beer.  It's only $1.95 and they bring you the beer of their choice in a small paper bag.  (I was lucky enough to get my favorite, a PBR!)  

The reason for my 3 star is that I didn't particularly love the atmosphere or the decor of the restaurant.  Didn't really give me a fun, "come back and dine with us again" vibe.  It was nice for a large party, but I don't envision going there on a date or just with a co-worker or girl friend.  

I did see they had a stage set up for live music, I think only takes place on the weekends, I would like to go back and see how that changes the scene.
My boyfriend and I love to go to Culinary Dropout for a relaxed environment with some great food. I recommend going there with a completely empty stomach and a ginormous appetite. 

The first thing I suggest there is the The Clown Punch (for two of course!) It is served in a huge glass, with two straws! It tastes like fruity deliciousness, but it's not a pansy fruity drink, the BF likes it too! And it comes with some sort of foam on top that adds great texture and taste! I have yet to try their Antipasti platters where you can choose your meats, cheeses, vegetables and snacks, but I heard it is amazing as well. 

As an appetizer, I highly recommend the Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue - the best appetizer in my opinion! Think of light fluffy balls of perfectly cooked pretzels lightly salted that you can dip into a provolone fondue...it is just to die for! And the cheese comes with a little candle lit underneath it so it doesn't get hard and you can continue to munch on it throughout your meal. I do recommend splitting it with two to three people because you want to save room for the great entrees! 

For our main meal we love to split the M.A.C. Burger which is very tasty as well! It is Culinary Dropout's version of a Big Mac. One of my favorite parts is the really light fluffy bread they use for the bun - sometimes its the care that you put into making the bread that can make a dish really stand out. Add that to a delicious meat patty with cheese and lettuce and you have got a killer combo. It comes with a side of fries that are perfectly cooked - not mushy or soggy or burnt. Just cooked to perfection.  If you get the M.A.C. burger, you are definitely getting bang for your buck!

As for dessert, a must try is the Apple Monkey Bread. It is baked to order (always a plus). If you enjoy a really great sweet treat at the end of a meal - you're in luck!  

Besides the delicious food, there are other things that keep us coming back to Culinary Dropout. First, the service is great. You have waiters and waitresses that know the menu, appreciate a good meal, can make great suggestions (which I always love), and literally have you want to try different things on the menu from their great descriptions. I also love love love the decor in the restaurant. It's a very sexy restaurant with all the huge chandeliers, and at some tables you have huge chairs that you would imagine kings and queens sit in! In my pinon it all adds to your experience at Culinary Dropout. 

This restaurant is an absolute must-try and one of my favorites in Scottsdale!
Consistency is critical, and difficult when there are so many factors needed to have a good experience dining out...but Culinary Dropout has never been a disappointment- food, service, decor, and ambiance! Love the antipasti create your own menu, its my favorite! Other items I have tried that have been amazing: House Potato Chips, Soft Pretzels, Onion soup, Roasted Chicken salad, Grilled Cheese Sliders. The deserts are so flipping good, the best being the Salted Caramel Custard. Not sure what happened to the Chocolate Cake, its the best in town and I miss it.
I checked this place out for the first time tonight. First off, it was packed. There were LARGE parties everywhere, including bachelorette groups galore. I had mojitos and the pretzel app while waiting for our table at the bar. The mojito was standard and fine but not worth the price tag. The pretzels were good but the cheese fondu it came with tasted really strange to me. I was not near as impressed as the other Yelp reviewers with this particular dish. 

Dinner was a bit better. We waited about 45 minutes for a table but once we ordered our food it came out in less than 10 minutes. I tried the fried chicken, which was generous in size and cooked perfectly. However, the mashed potatoes were standard and the biscuits were dry and flavorless.

I will say the staff was very nice and extremely helpful. Also, the cover band that was playing when I left was pretty damn good. I also thought the decor was interesting and well done.

Overall, I would say the food is ok but I feel it's more about the Scottsdale scene than anything else. If that is your thing, you will enjoy it.
I went to Culinary dropout for the first time a few weeks ago.  We were with a big group, celebrating a friend's birthday.  What an awesome atmosphere and place to relax with friends!

To start off, we shared the pretzel fondue which was simply delicious.  The pretzel balls are soft and cooked to perfection as is the provolone fondue.  It was a great appetizer to hold us over before our meal.  

Most of us got cocktails, which were equally as yummy, although a little pricey.  I think my drink was $10 so I had to make sure to savor it.  

For my dinner, I ordered the house made fettuccine.  Yum!  No complaints here either.  The portion was very generous...I couldn't even finish it!  

I'd highly recommend going to Culinary Dropout to anyone!
The culinary dropout looks like a interior design dropout  designed it.  The big comfy seats really aren't made for eating meals in. The waitress was nice. The pretzel fondue was pretty damn tasty. I ordered the bistro steak. It was just ok. The side of Fries were very good, but the blu cheese sauce was just not that good and the quality of steak wasn't wonderful. The experience as a whole was just ok. My girlfriend however loved the sandwich she ordered.
Our first time here and had a fantastic dinner.   Our drinks were unique and refreshing.  Although it was 100 degrees, we sat outside under cool misters.  Our server, Meghan, was very knowledgeable about the menu and had a great personality.  We'll be back!
Though we only came for dessert... from the decor, to the beer list, to the Lou Reed quote on the menu, for an FRC joint... Culinary Dropout is pretty good.  

I'd wanted to try this for spot for a while and this Friday we decided to head over from the Biltmore area and stop into CD around midnight for cocktails & some dessert. 

The decor is pretty funky, awesome oversized chandeliers, cool chairs & tables & great purple wall across from the bar.  At midnight there was still a 30 min wait for a table for 2.  We scored a little table outside and a couple couch seats.  Nice. 

Granted... the location in scottsdale lends itself to a barrage of douchebaggery in and around the restaurant, but you cant expect much more when going out around here, so no surprises.  

We were pleasantly surprised when looking at the beverage list.  They had a pretty good craft brew & import beer list, both on tap and in bottles.  They also broke down their specialty cocktails by liquor which was a nice touch.  

Being a bit of a bloody mary snob, i had to try the Bacon infused vodka Bloody mary.  Normally, this isnt the time of day for this drink, but had to give it a shot.  It's nothing to write home about.  The infused vodka is good, but the it wasnt even served with Olives, i had to order them extra.  Weak Bloody Mary... very disappointing.  

The food menu looks pretty good.  No matter what waist widening fare you're in the mood for... from burgers, to pasta, to ribs; you can find your comfort fare at CD.  We came for something sweet and the server suggested the Salted Caramel Custard or the Apple Monkey Bread.  I'm a sucker for the Hot/Cold combo, so we went for the Monkey Bread. It's made-to-order so prepare to wait 15 min for it.  It's basically like an apple cinnamon roll with vanilla ice cream... pretty delicious.  

Overall... if you can put up with the Scottsdale crowd, Culinary is worth trying at least once.  However, if you are in the market for comfort food, there are better places to try (Chelsea's Kitchen!).  On second thought... Maybe it was the Lou Reed quote that sold me on this place?  It certainly wasn't the Bloody.   Oh well... Fox Restaurant Concepts is good (but rarely great) at what they do.
Attended for Restaurant Week for the first time and enjoyed everything, from the decadent  yet relaxing decor, to the atmosphere, food, drink and attractive wait staff. I started off with a red wine spritzer, a first and oh so tasty, the antipasti appetizer plate, which was simply scrumptious! For dinner I had the rainbow trout with green beans and toasted almonds, which was so delicious I ate every bite and for dessert the carrot cake. I was too full to eat it, but had to try a bite to make sure the trifecta was complete. Everything exceeded expectations and I can't wait to go back!
I went to Culinary Dropout with my hubby tonight.  We just missed their happy hour which ends at 6pm but we did enjoyed a nice dinner there.  We shared the pretzel fondue which was simply delicious.  We found out that they make their own pretzel bread daily.  The pretzel bread is soft and has a right amount of saltiness.  The cheese fondue is perfectly match with the pretzel bread.  
We really loved the atmosphere as well.  Their style is like a gastropub (a modern house which specialize in serving high quality food) in Europe with a splash of Southern Mix.  We appreciated the chef really focus on the food freshness and quality.  Plus it definitely a great place for happy hour, dinner, and watching a game.  They have live music on Friday night and Saturday.
I wish they had more vegan options, but a custom off-the-menu salad was the only way to go. I asked our waitress about vegan options, but she said she didn't know of any. So, it was time to get creative.  I ordered a salad with romaine lettuce, pistachios, sour apples and ginger vinaigrette.  It was super tasty. If they had more vegan-friendly items on the menu, I would go here all the time! I'd love to see a veggie burger, tofu entree or entree with an eggplant or mushroom main dish on the menu.
great atmostphere on the patio...could have jusst lived on the chips and dip...Salmon had a great flavor...nice touch wiht the pouched egg...service ok...they tend to  get lost....this is third visit...will go back
Nothing to write home about.

Food was no better or worse than anything at average-quality restaurants costing 25% less. Concept, decor and beer list are better.

Service was literally non-existent.  Turned out the guy we had to keep asking for help was a manager.  He took the initiative to take the drinks off our check (before we had a chance to even consider griping about the service), which was nice.

I wouldn't avoid this restaurant if someone wanted to dine here, but I also would not take the initiative to suggest it.
Good food, bizarre atmosphere. It was so dark we couldn't see the menus -- thank goodness some nerd at our table had an app with a light. The decor is dramatic with enormous chandeliers and large, rustic tables and then they have big screen tvs with sports on. Weird. 

I loved their a la carte charcuterie and cheese menu. They had unique choices that were delicious. The bread was served with a cherry puree of some sort that is to die for. And the olive oil really is a find, it almost tasted like buttah. 

The beer and wine list wasn't extensive but they had very nice choices. 

Overall I liked it and the staff was attentive. Not sure if I'll make it back there on another trip but I wouldn't be opposed to it.
The decor was pretty cool (very Scottsdale).  Food was excellent - braised short rib pasta = superb.  Corn pasta dish was very good.  Biggest surprise was the service.  The wait for food was somewhat long - 30 min or so, but they repeatedly apologized and gave us free carrot cake for the wait.  Service industry in Scottsdale has come a long way.  If you are in the area, you must stop in here.
Adequate, but boring food. The bar scene seems much more exciting than the restaurant. When we asked our waitress what was good, she pretty much read us the entire menu. Nothing exceptional. Probably won't go back.
What Culinary Dropout is NOT good for:

- High Expectations - You have to take this place for what it really is... a gastropub. Not a restaurant dining destination.
- The Menu - Don't come here if you're looking to be wowed by the food.
- Special Dinners - Don't come here for special occasions unless your looking for a bar atmosphere with bar quality service. 
- The Wait - Don't come here past 7pm wanting a table unless you don't mind a lengthy wait, so plan on hanging around in the crowded waiting area/bar for over an hour.

What Culinary Dropout IS good for:

- The Bar - Consider CD a bar, not a restaurant... so pass on a table and gab a seat at the bar! It's 10x more fun and the service is excellent!
- The Atmosphere - Friendly, fun and a seen and be seen kind of bar. It's the perfect spot for a night out with a group of friends. Inside, the dcor is a funky and fresh combination of chandeliers and textured walls with a mix matched assortment of tables/chairs. 
- The Patio - Comfortable seating and fun people watching near Fashion Square Mall. It's a prime hot spot location.
- It's absolutely perfect for day drinking.
- An excellent place to watch a sports game! 
- Bar food - As far as bar food goes, CD does not disappoint. Yeah the food is average if you compare it to a restaurant. But compared to other bar menus... CD's menu rocks! Try the ahi salad & the trout.
- Great drink selections. Get the acai mojito and try out the paper bag special! And if you love bloody mary's you've got to try theirs because they infuse their vodka with bacon!
- The pricing matches the quality of the food & drinks. Don't forget that even though it's a glorified bar, it's still one of Sam's Foxy spots.
I'm pretty much on the fence about this place. If I was just rating my food I'd def go with  4. My fried chicken was delicious. I was marinated overnight fried to perfection and drizzled with honey.  They gave me 3 generous pieces and some delicious mash potatoes and gravy. Good fried chicken that meets my Louisiana standards is hard to find in Phoenix, but this was really good in a different kind of way, the seasoning was light but it worked with the dish.

I gave the place a three because of the "vibe". The service is kinda weird.  I don't really even remember my waiter....no one was in uniform and it was hard to tell who worked there....I'm pretty sure they were trying hard for that laid back everybody's welcome kinda vibe...Def a surprise for the location. 

Anyway, I went for lunch and it was pretty empty so I'm def curious of how  my experience would be on a Friday night.
Perfect patio for a Saturday!

This place walks a fine line between being too snooty and being just plain awesome.  I've had a couple of experiences here, and overall the food is really tasty.  I'm a fan of the gnocchi, even though it's a little different than traditional gnocchi.
The location is great, as long as there isn't a douche bag convention going on, and as long as the bartenders and servers keep their positive attitudes, I think this place will be around for a while. Thanks!
Great location... Nice menu but it could offer more items... The name sounds so casual but the decor is to much... The bartender weren't friendly maybe they were just busy. I noticed that none of the line cooks were wearing hat or head neat... crazy me I always find hair in my food:( I didn;t this time thought or maybe was to dark?
I was visiting a good friend of mine in Phoenix this past weekend. Saturday night we decided to meet some other friends for dinner and chose Culinary Dropout. Yes, it's hip, has a cool vibe going on and the food is great! The decor is funky (love the chandeliers), the wait staff is friendly and fun and I love the outdoor seating area. Perfect for a November Saturday in Scottsdale! Yes, we managed to score an outside table, even though it was 7pm on a Saturday. We started with the pretzel fondue and YUM! Wanna make it at home! I myself had the ricotta gnocchi - a delicious bowl of upscale comfort food! It had mushrooms and sausage, it was creamy and velvety and just plain good! My friends had steak, short rib pasta and salmon and one of them ordered the chocolate cake in a mason jar for dessert. How novel, but wonderfully warm and delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. I'm hoping the Fox restaurants in Tucson will compare, as I have yet to try them out.
The good: Our waitress was absolutely stellar.  Very friendly, knowledgeable and fast. The decor is interesting and unique with a nice open layout.

The bad: They were out of one of the cheeses and two of the beers that I wanted to order, that's just unacceptable.  The band playing was a pretty weak cover band and they had the levels up so high that conversation was impossible.

The ugly: It's in Scottsdale so many of the patrons are of your typical douchebag variety.

I will come back and try a regular meal sometime but I'm not in a rush based on this experience.
Wednesday before Thanksgiving, needed some sustenance around 2pm. 

Space is good...modern, interesting, open kitchen, gig bandstand in the corner, and comfortable chairs and bench seats.

2pm is all about appetizers rather than lunch, so we ordered four. First the good: 

Potato Chips with french onion dip were perfect. Yes, a little greasy, but not much. And they're chips.....you want not greasy? Buy a bag of baked. The french onion dip was so reminiscent of hubby's mom's dip that we instantly loved it. Perfect retro combo.

6 oysters on the half shell were just as they should be. The wall seemed to indicate they were Fanny Bay....which are usually a little bigger than we like, but the flavor was excellent. The accompanying sauces were right on target - especially the cocktail/horseradish combo....again - felt retro in the right way.

The best app by far? The smoked salmon. Not your normal lox - this was the hard-smoked kind that was probably cured there and was perfectly done. Came with 4 slices of what I'd think was Acme bread in the bay area - not sure what it is here.  Also, pickled onions, tarter sauce, tomatoes sprinkled with capers and I think a little olive oil and a poached egg. Absolutely hit the spot. Would order this again and again and again.

Now the bad...and since it's my review it's bad but I will note hubby's review as well. The pretzel balls with fondue should be taken off the menu. Nothing about it works. The balls are too big, too salty, and too flavorless (unless the only flavor you care about is salt). The cheese fondue definitely tasted like Velveeta. I know it wasn't, but that doesn't matter - it tasted like it 100%. Confirmed by the fact that hubby loved the fondue EXACTLY for that reason. Totally brought him back to his midwestern upbringing (albeit in California by way of parents being from the midwest). Childhood memories are a powerful tool for losing your mind when it comes to food.

Anywhoo, there are many other menu items I'd love to try and will definitely try to come back when we're in town. I think it's really 3 1/2 stars...but we all know about the 1/2 star options on Yelp :-(
I love Culinary Dropout.  As someone else mentioned...you have to think of it more as a bar than a true sit down restaurant.  It's a pub, that has been "Fox-ified."  I love coming here with friends just to drink and have some light food, before a night out.

Their cocktails are all really unique and really tasty.  My two favorites are the Bacon Bloody Mary and the Sauerkraut.  The BBM is self explanatory....bacon infused vodka is used, and even served with a piece of bacon instead of the typical celery.  I'm not normally a huge bloody mary fan, but if I'm here during the daytime I always order it.  The Sauerkraut martini is amazing....gin, elderflower, orange marmalade, and dijon mustard.  With the mustard in it, it is a very savory cocktail...which I love.  Goes perfect with the soft pretzels & fondue, which is my favorite app to get.  As far as entree's, the short rib pasta is my favorite, simple and delicious.  Everything I've tried here is really tasty...but again, think of it as classy/modern/unique/upscale bar food, not gourmet restaurant food.
I know...really crazy that I'm updating only a couple of days later. However, we went back on Friday night for dinner and the experience brought my rating down to a 3 vs. the 3 1/2 I would have given it in the first place, if 1/2 stars were available.  The problem wasn't the food, it was the noise level. We arrived at 7:15-ish and had to wait about 20-25 minutes to get in - that's not a problem - we're used to waiting for a table that time of night. The problem was the volume....I could hear my daughter who was sitting right next to me, I could sort of hear my husband sitting across from me, but I could not at all hear my son sitting diagonal from me (across from my daughter).  Seriously annoying.  I was able to order different food this time - the trout was delicious - but my entire experience was completely tainted by the noise....ugh.
We've been here several times.  It's the perfect place to go if you are shopping around Fashion Square and looking for great food without overeating.  The small plates and patio make for a relaxing snack.  My favorite is the asparagus, but you can't go wrong with any of the cheeses.  Just be sure to order a plate of crusty bread.
Culinary Dropout, I love you and maybe I'm just getting old but loud live music + community seating right against the stage does not make for a good Friday night dinner out. Last night we went to Culinary Dropout for dinner and it's been awhile since I've been there during their live music performances. We asked for first available because of the wait and true to my luck, the table they chose for us was the community table with seats closest to the stage. Not only could we not hear each other over the music, but the seats were so far apart, it nearly turned into a silent film dinner. Luckily another seat a little bit further away from the stage opened up so we got to move. It was still loud but the seats were closer and we only had to say "huh?" a couple times. Culinary Dropout still gets four stars in my book but I wish they could figure out a way to do live music without damaging the ear drums of the eaters in front or hurting the conversation of two people on a date. Or maybe warn the restaurateurs and offer them another option.
A great place for vampires!  Huge chandeliers, dim lighting, wood floors, open late and one of the best gnocchi dishes I have had in a long time.  Great service, they split our order when we said we were sharing.  They also have an interesting order form for charcuterie which was really tasty and went well with their different wines by the glass.   Pretty and young people all hanging out late on a Friday night in a classy part of town.
I've been here twice now.  The first time I went was on a Friday night to meet a friend for a beer.  They have a nice beer selection but the music was way too loud to be able to talk .  To top it off, it was a bad band.  

I went back today for lunch and liked it a lot more than my first experience.  I sat outside on the patio and there was good people watching.  Once again, good beer.  I had the pork belly cubano... it was ok.  There was only one piece of pork on the whole sandwich and it was pretty fatty (understandable considering the cut).  Overall it wasn't too bad, just really rich.  My friend had the italian grinder and loved it.  I saw the burger come out and that looked really good.  Fries were ok.  

I think I will go back and just stick with apps and beer... but I won't go back on a weekend.  I would recommend going during the day anytime of the week for a better experience.
I had heard a lot about CD, and while I'm not familiar with the Fox concept restaurants, I was excited to try this place out tonight with some of my guy friends. We rolled in at around 9:30p and were quickly greeted and sat down. The place, located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, is pretty "swanky" and really spacious. A great place for large groups I'd say. We got a table in front of the kitchen and had some waters to start. 

After looking over the daunting menu for a couple minutes, we decided on what to go. We started off with the homemade potato chips and pretzel fondue to start, both of which were really good. I'm partial to pretzels so I liked that a little better, but the chips were also good with the dip. I had the something punch to drink which was really good, love the mixing of the fruit juices. I had the turkey pastrami sandwich which comes on a pretzel roll which, from what I ate, was delicious. I just had my wisdom teeth removed and can only tolerate so much chewing, so unfortunately I couldn't finish but I have my leftovers in the fridge! Anyways, everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals, and we finished it all off with the apple monkey bread which was also very good. 

It's the kind of place that isn't really pricy but it adds up (between the four of us our bill was $100+, but that was also with apps and drinks, so it's really worth it. Plus the food is really good. I'll definitely be back.
This was our first food stop - night out on Scottsdale through word of mouth and recommendations.  It was alriiiiiight.  Cool scene.  Cool vibe.  OK food.  The burger was bomb.  Everything else such as the meats and cheeses were pretty good too.  The drinks are creative and cool and the setting is poppin.  So, ironically, it gets more props for their mixology versus the actual culinary from me.  And it's pricey.

I'd be back for drinks and apps when back in town.
This is definitely the See-and-Be-Seen place in that Scottsdale corridor!   I usually opt for sitting outside as I'm easily entertained with what's going on out there.  Lots of eye candy for both sexes here!

One thing you will notice right away is their huge drink list on the right hand side of the menu.  There are some really cool things to drink at CD and my personal favorite is the Ginger Margarita (El Matador) - Yum!!!  They also have an awesome wine and beer selection there on the back of the menu too.  I'm always so torn with "Do I have a great glass of wine or one of these yummy cocktails???"  Well the cocktail always wins out here!

For appetizer, you MUST get the Pretzel Bread with the cheese fondue.  They bring out fresh, warm pretzel bread nuggets that you dip in a yummy cheese fondue sauce.  It is to die for and I get cravings for this every once in a while.  Tough to schlep over there for a craving when you live up by Desert Ridge!  I've also had the Mussels appie as well as the homemade potato chips and both were really very delish.

Hubby and I have also done the Charcuterie and Cheese on the left in past visits and all were really wonderful with one of their nice glasses of red wines.

For entree's, there is really nothing that can go wrong here.  It just depends what you're in the mood for.  The fried chicken is BOMB, the Pork Belly Cubano is delicious and the French Dip is one of my go to favorites.  

This isn't a cheap place - i had the pretzel bread, the mussels and the margarita and it cost me $30 before tip.  I was my own expensive date!
Hit and miss at best.  I was excited to try Culinary Dropout because I've never had a bad experience with a Fox restaurant, but this one came up a bit short.  It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting, perhaps places like North and The Green House have set the bar a little too high.  
First of all, the service wasn't great.  Our server was inattentive, and we spent most of the night getting drink refills and new silverware from another server, who was friendly and happy to help.
Tried an assortment of food off the menu.  The anitpasti was excellent; I loved the selection of meats and cheeses and our ability to mix and match.  Next we had oysters on the half shell.  They were fantastic! After that we tried the gnocchi with Italian sausage.  They shouldn't call it gnocchi, it was more like mashed potatoes.  The whole dish was a bland, mushy mess.  The one saving grace of the dish were the large pieces of Italian sausage.  Finally we tried the cuban sandwich, which tasted good, but was nothing spectacular.  
I'll be back at Culinary Dropout, if only for drinks and apps.  Any place with Moose Drool on tap is pretty good in my book.
I am surprised by the low ratings this place has gotten, because I had a wonderful experience here last night! Granted, it was a first date, so maybe the stars in my eyes had more to do with my companion(?) I really liked the open-ness of the place, the colors and low lighting. The chairs were pretty comfy too! Here's what happened:

Unsure of what our future plans were, we started with the antipasto menu (not available in the bar, I heard). A couple of cheeses, veg's and meats were really fun to share and made for good first date food. 
After deciding we were too relaxed and close to the movie we planned to see, we ordered dinner. Holy hell- I cannot say enough about the butternut squash ~pure genious! It combined my absolute faves- butternut squash and ricotta cheese, along with some mushrooms and brussel sprouts (very small pieces-dont be afraid!) It was like dinner and dessert rolled into one. We also tried the spare rib pasta. It was good, but definitely overshadowed by the other main course. 

As first dates go, I found out that my companion has a sweet tooth, so bring on dessert-dessert! Our server ferverntly recommended the custard, whichis, as I had previously told my new-date, something that I absolutely adore! It came in a glass overflowing with carmel popcorn! The p-corn had nothn on the custard! OMG! SO great! Terribly rich though. We couldnt finish it. (but after everything else we had, its not a wonder why)

Our server was amazing as well, she provided us with food ideas and always made sure our drinks were filled. She checked in to see that we were happy, but didnt bug us. It was a great experience and I would definitely go again!
08/25 and 12/16

Happy hour on 8/25 consisted of a glass of the white wine cooler ($4) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=34jCdJZKJjarL7JHOetOSw#34jCdJZKJjarL7JHOetOSw and the daily special of a prosciutto platter ($7 or $8), http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=-_E1m8JIimhvg_07Ybt0bg#-_E1m8JIimhvg_07Ybt0bg both off of the HH menu.  The ice-cold wine cooler, made fresh-to-order right in front of me, went down pretty fast.  It was quite refreshing!  The prosciutto platter was just alright-- I really enjoyed the cheese included and made a note to try some of the cheese anitpasti in the future.  I couldn't really enjoy the peppers due to my sensitivity to various peppers.  Really liked the breadsticks and wished there were more included.

The Pub Burger that I had on 12/16 was just spectacular!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=bA2PL_4YlWE_N8PdStSfFg#bA2PL_4YlWE_N8PdStSfFg  It came w/ havarti and thick-sliced bacon, with mayo and BBQ sauce (I asked for it on the side), and came nestled in a sesame-topped pretzel bun... Yes, yes, yes!!  It was indeed just like "the scene" in When Harry Met Sally...  The fries were a huge disappointment.  I credit my server for quickly mending the situation w/ a fresh bowl of fries, but sadly, those fries were also pretty soggy.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=AibSQK9P8i3J6N23XsstTA#AibSQK9P8i3J6N23XsstTA

I wish I could continue rating this establishment with 4 stars, but my last visit there had me reaching into my purse to retrieve and wear my iPod earbuds in an attempt to be able to understand what I was reading... it was so loud!  I liked the music that was playing, but the noise was unbearable.  My server promised to have it turned down, but it wasn't until halfway through my meal that this became a reality.  I also wanted to have a cocktail, but, ironically, my server couldn't hear me!  In the end, it was for the better, bec. I had eaten the whole patty, all of the bacon (crispy fat and all!), and most of the bun!  I was highly satisfied w/ my meal, and soon I was off to Camelview to enjoy a great movie!  ("Black Swan"- it's so erotic!  Go see it!)
Thank goodness someone took over what once was pink taco, aka yuck city, and turned it into something worth stopping in when in Scottsdale. Fox Concepts yet again has made a success and a place I think I will actually return to. 

To start with we had a delicious plate of cheese and meats from the anti pasta menu, along side with some marinated olives and bread w/ olive oil. Just enough to get our taste buds excited and just enough to have my boyfriend (who is not into fancy smancy stuff) say "give me some more".  These went nicely with our beers (they've got a great list), my mother's martini (which she seemed to enjoy), and my brother's gin on the rocks (he says they carry a gin that is very rare and delicious but the name didn't stick with me-sorry). 

All of our dinner plates were delicious; fried chicken w/ mashed tatters & biscuits (skin on chicken was a little on the salty side but very crunchy), salmon w/ apple and rice, grilled cheese sliders(who could mess those up?), chicken salad, prime rib dip (served with onion soup instead of au jus, yum yum), and the patato ghesicuto (pasta- I know I can't spell but it was yummy too). Around the table, everyone seemed pretty satisfied.

My only criticisms would be that we were seating just to the side of the kitchen, enough to be able to look inside. I dig places that leave it open so you can watch your foot and the chefs are aware that the client is aware of whats going on BUT I did watch one man on the end prepare countless dishes without gloves on. He went from cutting and laying out proscuitto onto creating their carmel kettle corn dessert (scooping with bare hands), to setting out what appeared to be the fondue app. Yes, there can be worse things that happen in a restaurant but as someone who has worked in food service, it made me squirm a bit. I suppose that's why it's called Culinary Dropout.

...oh, and the music was a bit too loud for me. Great joint for out with friends on the way to the bar or I would think for happy hour but not for a family dinner (my Grandma had to barrow a flashlight from the waitress it was so dark).
I am a fan of every Fox Concepts restaurant that I have had the pleasure of visiting, but Culinary Dropouts is one of my favorites!!  I love the cool ambiance (plush overstuffed chairs, purple walls, massive chandaliers), and the patio area is seriously awesome.  Their happy hour is great (try the Saurkraut Martini - I swear by it), and their food is amazing.  This GastroPub serves your 'typical' bar food - with a suave twist.  Try the shaved prime rib sandwich with a cup of delicious french onion soup to dip it in.  Or try the butternut squash ravioli (soooo yummy).  Everything I have had off their menu, from apps to dinner to dessert (the monkey bread is fabulous - and NOT just because it has the word monkey in it) has been mouthwatering.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Not a disappointment.  I remembered the 1st time I came here I didn't think it was awesome but I remember it being good.  If I had remembered it being this good, I would've come back here several times last week.  
We sat at the bar and shared a few things - 
I ordered the Moscow Mule at the bartender's suggestion and it was super tasty and the ginger root was fresh.  
Bread & olive oil - served warm & nicely seasoned
Chef's salad - nice balance of dressing 
Short rib pasta - another recommendation - I thought it was good but it didn't knock my socks off
Salted Caramel Custard - last recommendation - one well made!
I went here tonight with my coworkers and It was overall enjoyable. The food is very good, the waiter was very nice and the atmosphere is fun. The decor is very cool although it is dark in there. The music is load but i liked it. My only complaint is the dessert menu. They have these different ones but absolutely nothing with chocolate! I told the waiter I was going to yelp about it so I am. Not even a brownie! That was upsetting. But cool place to eat at overall. OH and good bloody mary's!!
One of the coolest places to eat in Old Town. If you are 20-35, you will love it. Ambiance is loud and fun. Servers are all attractive and dressed casually. The decor is unique and modern. This is my favorite Sam Fox restaurant. 

Food is comforting and familiar-- but usually with a twist. 

Beer selection is great--- wine selection pretty good.

Great place to go with friends, on a date, or to pre-game before a hard night out.
My new favorite restaurant! I heard a lot about this place from friends and decided that I had to try it. I had the Butternut Squash Cannelloni with mushrooms and brussel sprouts on top of it. It was the best I ever had! At first, I thought it was a small portion, however it filled me up fast and was so fresh and tasty!

I also had a Double Chocolate Stout and a beer from Kona, Hawaii. Both were great and the chocolate beer had a great chocolate aftertaste. My boyfriend had the Fried Chicken and it was glazed with a delicious and sweet honey spread and was a very large meal! He had two local beers that he enjoyed. The waiter was very friendly and made great recommendations. He was fantastic! 

There was also live, entertaining music. Great for a Friday night!

For dessert we shared the Apple Monkey Bread (which is cooked fresh) and served with ice cream. It was delicious! I will definitely be back!
The atmosphere of this place is very cool; I really liked the layout and the decorations. Friendly staff as well. Had a good variety of drinks and food and their specialty house drinks were what we tried and they were good. Had the provolone fondue with pretzel bites, which were absolutely delicious. Perfect combo. The entrees are a lot of common foods, the only reason I did not give four stars since a lot of it were things you could get at a lot of places, they just had their own twist on it. We had the ribs, and the honey fried chicken. Both were good, but again  both common plates you can get a lot of places. Had dessert which was really good, recommend checking that out. Not a very expensive meal, good place to stop in and enjoy some drinks and apps.
I have been here twice now, and to me, it's for a certain crowd. First time I was here, I sat at the bar and ordered food to go. I had the acai mojito and it was a bit strange. I am a HUGE mojito fan, but it tasted a bit cough-syrup like. I had the strawberry cocktail next, and that one tickled my fancy. I took the pork cubano to go and  it was amazing.
Went there last night and it was really great. The pretzels and fondue is to die for, so are the mussells. And, the monket bread is a MUST for dessert. Great food, fun vibe. More of a younger crowd, really adventurous cocktails, so leave gramma at home. Great decor, too. 

Oh, and the chairs are insanely comfortable. Gotta love that.
CD was actually a large amount better than I expected it to be.   Driving past it, I thought it was a cooking school for hipsters but once I found out it was actually a restaurant I was intrigued. 

I had a taste of the soft pretzel & provolone fondue which was awesome, and then for my entree I had the Short Rib Pasta which I wished would never end.   Seriously, I ate slowly so it felt like it lasted longer.  

The only star I'm subtracting is for the over-the-top douchy ambiance, it's definitely tailored for a "certain crowd", which is a shame because the food was so good.   I would feel awkward bringing my parents to this restaurant.

Its almost like they are trying too hard to try too hard.  

Seacrest out.
Great place to grab a drink.  Great music:  Nirvana?  Radiohead?!  That is amazingly awesome.  I ate the Butternut Squash Cannelloni.  It was pretty tasty, but they could have given me actual chunks of brussel sprouts instead of shavings.  My bf got the fish and chips.  I was disappointed with the chips part of it--too thin.  

The cheap white cloth napkins kept shedding little white bits all over our clothes.  Too weird.  

Warning--this is not the place to have a romantic date, deep conversation, or even a relaxing meal; the music was quite loud, plus we were seated right next to the kitchen and continually heard orders being shouted.  There was also a shrieking baby that was way worse than all the other noises combined, but I imagine this occurrence is rare on a Saturday evening.
I was pleasantly surprised with how good my food was. No complaints with the meal that I had. I ordered the ricotta gnocchi with mushrooms, sausage and it was great.
After going twice, Cullinary Dropout is likely my least favorite of the Fox Restaurant Concepts properties. 

The first time, I at least got to laugh. I ordered a large-format Chimay Red Cap which the waitress was uncomfortable trying to take the cork out of, thus requiring the attention of an overly confident manager. As the manager was mid-sentence in his explanation of how skilled he was at handling the situation, the cork shot by my face and nearly took the eye out of another patron sitting at the table adjacent to me. (Which made for an uncomfortable remainder of my stay.)

That said, there are some tasty bites on the menu including: soft pretzels & provolone fondue and the pork belly Cubano. 

That said, the entre's are sometimes less than memorable. I've had better short rib pasta, the beer battered fish and chips are okay, and I'd rather go to Lo-Lo's for chicken and waffles. 

Also, last time I went I got stuck at a small table by the door on a relatively chill evening and then waited 20 minutes for a waiter to show up. Service thereafter was painfully slow. 

If you're looking for a relatively upscale beer experience, I'd suggest going across the street to Yard House. If you're looking for a more wine oriented time, I'd recommend venturing elsewhere.
I generally enjoyed my time at Culinary Dropout, though most was due to the wait staff. Our waitress was beyond rad. She was over enough to be attentive but not so much to seem pushy. She was funny and sweet and, frankly, quite a looker. I felt the urge to slip her my digits. But that is neither here nor there. 

Our appetizer, the soft pretzel bites with provolone fondue, was ridiculously good. The butternut cannelloni, however, was a little lackluster and I was disappointed in the limited vegetarian options. 

But the decor was cool and the music was awesome so I'm totally down to give it a second try. My fingers will be crossed in hopes of getting the same waitress.
The girls and I decided to try this place out after having a few drinks at the W one Friday night. We all heard great things and I think I was the only one that hadn't eaten here yet. It was crazy busy and we waited about 20 min. or so for a table, the bar was even packed so we hung outside in chairs near the front entrance. I decide to go for the burger and fries and my friend decides to go for some sort of fish dish and my other friend settled for the apple monkey bread. My burger was big but very bland and the fries were standard, I could have gone to In-n-out and saved some money. My friend's fish and veggies were undercooked and the server insisted that was one of their best dishes at the restaurant....really O_o...after sending it back one of the manager's did come out and say that the food was undercooked and took it off the bill and offered to make her something else but my friend declined. The best thing about the meal was my friend's apple monkey bread, I could have eaten tons of that stuff! 

Our server was extremely slow the entire time we were there and it took her almost 20 min. to bring our check after we requested it...we were 10 sec. away from complaining to the manager. 

First impressions are everything so I am very hesitant about trying this place out again...we shall see.
I like the decor, service from our waitress was good, (not so much for the table next to us) , and the menu had some great sounding dishes on it. Now for the food. Ok so THE PRETZEL WITH PROVOLONE CHEESE IS A MUST. The pretzels were a perfect golden brown with a nice crisp outside and warm and soft in the middle, and the cheese was so good. I think it was my favorite pretzel I have ever had. And I get pretzels and cheese everywhere cause I love them. I ordered the trout with green beans. The green beans were great the fish was OK. The sauce that came with the fish was a little weak in flavor otherwise it was good. The fish was cooked perfectly for sure but again little more seasoning for me. My girlfriend got the Cannelloni and butternut squash. We all shared a little bit so we could try everything and I have to say the Cannelloni was excellent. I liked it better then the fish for sure but it was equally as good to what my brother got. He ordered the pasta with short ribs in a tomato cream sauce. Meat was a little fatty but omg it was tender. The only thing bad about this is there were beans in it that were over cooked so it made the dish a little grainy. But overall the dish tasted great. We liked everything so much. I have heard a lot of good and bad things about this place but we were happy with everything and we will come back to see if they are consist ant. I say give it a try. Its weird cause they have a lot of TVs there so I'm not sure if they are trying to be a sports bar or what. Either way it was good!
Um hello? You're telling me that all my friends can run their tabs through the roof on expensive wine and I can order malt liquor in a bag for $1.50? I'm in. Very interesting menu and in a good way. I got the turkey pastrami on a pretzel roll and absolutely loved it. The pinnacle though should mean more coming from me because I don't care for sweets. Their dessert menu is out of this world. From caramel creme brule to monkey bread. I love this place and the live music that comes with it.
This is another entry from the Fox Restaurant Concepts folks. Typically, I find their restaurants to be a bit over-priced, over-hyped and uninspired. The prices here are better, for sure, but the menu is still....eh....blah. I sat and stared at it for an hour before we headed over and I truthfully wasn't that interested in eating anything on the menu. It's not that creative and healthy is a bit lacking. However, that being said, the staff is wonderful, and what they do have the menu, they do well.

I wish their happy hour went until 7 but that's alright, the wine and beer list is extensive and the prices are fair. I don't know that I would pay what they were asking for their cocktails, though. My husband had the chicken hash which was exactly as described and was a pretty good, authentic hash. I would love if they used Yukon golds or red potatoes instead of russets since russets tend to get a little mealy but the flavors were good. I had the artichoke salad and had grilled chicken added to it no problem. This was very good, very light and very large! I got a dinner, a snack and a lunch out of this. The veggies are very, very thinly sliced so you get very subtle hints of the endive and the asparagus as well as the artichokes and the dressing is a nice, light, vinegar and oil (I'm thinking cider vinegar based on a subtle sweetness). We did have the soft prezel appetizer which was good. I would prefer them to change their presentation on this one, though. The fondue put is far too large for the amount of cheese they give you (the amount of cheese is fine) but it looks silly reaching down to the bottom of the oversized pot. The melted provolone had a lovely texture, was not lumpy or thick and was a perfect compliment to the sea-salted pretzel bites. We split it amongst three and didn't finish it all. 

Overall, ambiance is good, staff is friendly, service is quick and the food is decent. I just wish the menu had a little more oomph or something that made you go "Oh! I HAVE to try that!!" I wouldn't come back here on my own but if a friend suggested it again as happened last night, I wouldn't say no.
I recently went here with my friends for a late night dinner on a Saturday night. I like the ambiance of the place. There was a live band and they were all right, but I found them to be a bit loud and made it difficult to talk to the people at the same table. The drinks here were really awesome. I really enjoyed the clown punch. The dirty school girl was also really good. The wait staff was really attentive and would check up on us every so often that we rarely found ourselves without want, but not so attentive that we found ourselves annoyed. The food was all right. I ordered the fish and chips here. And it was just all right in my opinion. I prefer a thinner filet of fish so I get the crispness rather than the softness when getting into the meat of the filet. The real highlight, for me, was the dessert. They have an awesome apple monkey bread that is made to order and served with vanilla ice cream. Now I'm not one to like to eat fruit, especially apple, in my desserts, but this was just so good. I'll go back again just to top off dinner with the monkey bread :)
You know those success stories that start with, " I didn't even finish high school?" They are few and far between, but sometimes the education system just holds you down, man. Such is the case with Culinary Dropout. I think the chefs behind this rebellious culinary institution felt their creativity stifle in the classroom.

The dishes were kind of experimental but not too far out there to be considered wackadoodledoo-ish. Soft pretzel nuggets accompanied by a provolone fondue. Homemade chips served with a whipped onion dip concoction. Charcuterie and fromage plates. Artichoke salad. Short rib orchiette pasta. Apple cinnamon monkey bread. It was a simple selection, yet executed with passion so every bite resulted in an "ooh ahh" moment. And to top it all off, the cocktails (particularly the Clown Punch topped with a pomegranate froth) were fun and designed to flirt with taste buds.

The dcor is a confused mix of brick, chandeliers, mood lighting, loungey booths, communal wood tables, an inside and outside bar, open kitchen area, etc. But none of it clashed or begged for attention, it blended nicely together.

The live music on Saturday night had everyone at the table clapping, singing, and nodding in agreement. The band really made the experience complete.

Certificate or not, Culinary Dropout makes the grade for me.
I got the pleasure of having a work luncheon at Culinary Dropout and since they were trying to impress us food and service was impeccable. Got to try lots of menu items and the manager talked about each one. It was clear he (along with all the staff we interacted with) were truly passionate about the restaurant and the food (and drinks) served. He made it seem that top notch service was their top priority and they would bend over backward to please guests. Of course hearing things like this are common in these types of situations where they are hosting our luncheon. 

However, I went back there a week or so later on a (very late) Friday night and was pleased to discover my experience was just as good even when they thought I was just a "regular" guest. Our server, Jesse, was probably the best server I've ever had. The kitchen was already closed when we arrived but he gladly managed to whip us up some of their infamous monkey bread despite this fact. Which paired perfectly with the chocolate stout canned beer. All in all, huge kudos to culinary dropout for practicing what they preach.
This place is one of the cutest/coolest restaurants that I have been to. The overall ambiance is great w/ the unique furniture, trendy dressed waiters/waitresses the rock music in the background.... As for the food, it was pretty good. We did order their famous pretzel & cheese fondue, but I was a bit disappointed because the fondue looked like it was half eaten because they didn't fill the pot up all the way. They should at least get smaller pots OR fill it up all the way! haha! i also had the turkey pastrami on a pretzel bun... The pretzel bun really made the sandwich unique & delicious! AND they also brought out a complimentary dessert because my cousins food came out late. The dessert was soooo delicious! it was some sort of butterscotch custard w/ caramel popcorn! YUM!
Yum!  Oh my God - if I lived here I would be a groupie!

Very cool vibe here and really good food!

They offer an antipasti menu that works very similar to a sushi menu. You select items and they bring them out on a platter (or in our case two).  We had an assortment of cheeses (highlights were the manchego cheese and the olives) roasted peppers and tomatoes, and it came with bread.  

For dinner I had the butternut squash cannelloni with mushrooms and brussels sprouts.  The only thing I could to improve this was to put actual brussels sprouts, not just some leaves, into this dish - otherwise it was perfection on a plate.  If I could I would have picked up and licked my plate clean - the sauce it's in was so good.  

Almost forgot - I ordered a strawberry with basil martini which was also very good. Apparently the bartenders are award winning mixologists.  

The downside for us was our server was really bad. He was nice and friendly, but I don't think he knew what he was doing and seemed to disappear for long periods.  At one point he came back to our table to explain that he brought the wrong drink for someone at our table. Who by the way was drinking it without complaining.  The waiter sat down the correct drink and then nervously apologized, and said "I'm sorry, but I have to take this" and took the half consumed "wrong" drink.  

But, the food was so good that I just don't care - and am eagerly awaiting my next trip to Scottsdale!
Our day started out well enough - spent the morning at the Farmer's Market, ran up to the mall to do some shopping, and decided on lunch. We initially wanted to give Modern Steak a go. We walked in and 4 employees hung around the hostess desk chit chatting, and when we asked to be seated they told us they didn't open for another 30 minutes. Their attitude was kind of snotty, so we (gladly) left and walked over to our second choice, Culinary Dropout.

Again, we were early, but what a different experience. The host greeted us with a huge, welcoming smile and we were immediately seated, despite arriving before the actual opening time. The kitchen was ready, and our waitress, Britney, was absolutely lovely.
We ordered antipasti: a gorgeous smoky cheese, with some prosciutto and grissini, and bread with olive oil. Fabulous! Then, the homemade chips and dip were brought. Perfect! We split a salad (that had pickled sour apples, which, let me tell you, were the stars of the dish). Excellent.

But nothing ... and i mean NOTHING ... could top dessert. Salted Caramel Custard.

I still dream about it. Between the gorgeous decor, exceptional service and yummy food, Culinary Dropout is definitely a new favorite lunch spot.
For me, Culinary Dropout was just OK.  Nothing was actually wrong, but it felt like the brainchild of a restaurant group that it is.  The decor is is retro like all new restaurants are these days - tufted banquettes and wing chairs - not like the sleek modern restaurants I normally associate with Scottsdale. And the menu is of course comfort food - again like every other new restaurant.  Sandwiches, fried chicken, even a potato chip/onion dip appetizer. (Haven't had that for at least 25 years.)  Four of us went for dinner during a girls weekend on Sunday night and it really wasn't that busy considering it's high season in Phoenix.  All the food was uniformly good but nothing was terribly original or different.

I'm surprised it won a best new restaurant award from Phoenix Magazine last year.  Then again, new restaurants were few and far between last year in Phoenix.  If your goal is comfort food done well, you'll probably like this place.  And the prices are certainly more reasonable than its big sister across the street, Modern Steak.
This place just exudes cool.  I wish I was 20, maybe 30 years younger as this is a hot spot.  Stage - live music, great food, and just alot of fun.  I aspire to play there one night and find at least one groupie that wants to hang with me!
For Happy Hour & appetizers I give it 4 stars. But our meals were not worthy of more than 3.  

I had a very bland prime rib dip with an overly sweet french onion au jus.
Burger and ribs....average.  Now the fried chicken looked good and the pretzel balls with cheese fondue were fun.

Specialty drinks with school themed names like "Dirty School Girl"....very fun!  Mind you their all about $10 each, yes just for 1 drink.  That's Scottsdale for you.  High rent has to be paid!
We went on a Saturday and waited an hour for a table...long wait but fun drink options at the bar.  I had the pisco painkiller (reminiscing pisco from my trip to peru) and it was really good! Plan on most drinks being $8-10. I also had the Brazilianaire which had pomegranate foam that was really tasty.
 There was live music inside, which was good but too loud to have table talk. Prices are reasonable for the food (appetizers $2-7 and dinners $10-20). The fettuccine was good but not amazing. They had really beautiful massive chandeliers and neat decor. The bathroom fixtures are worth checking out too :P
The decor is inviting, like having dinner at Z Gallerie! The food was out of this world. I had the crunchy shrimp caesar salad and the two dollar olive oil and bread app. It was fantastic. The service was impeccable. The staff was friendly. The bathrooms are super cute!
This is a GREAT gastropub with an atmosphere that sets up a fun night out. I wanted to try something from the local brewery, so I got an Epicenter Ale made by the SanTan Brewing Company. Off the tap, the beer had a nutty flavor, a little malty, and not very bitter. I liked it just fine.  The bartender also gave me a slice of bacon when requested for my friend to nibble on during the long wait.

Ah yes, the long wait. We were told 15-30, and actually hit an hour. It was Spring Training, so I understand the wait time, but just tell us an hour! They made up for it by giving us free pretzel balls and fondue and a side of roasted beets. If eating cheese didn't make my stomach hate me, I'd probably just order a bowl of that fondue and eat it with a spoon. 

I split the Roasted Chicken Salad which came with apples, pistachios and gorgonzola on mixed greens with a light dressing. Very good. And such a generous portion!  It was the size of almost two entree salads.

For an entree, I ordered the Butternut Squash Cannelloni, which was decadent in a buttery sauce. They could have been more generous with the mushrooms and brussels sprouts, but I will admit that the cannelloni was plentiful.

If I were to ever go to Spring Training again, I would definitely hit up Culinary Dropout again.
My wife and found this place last summer when we first moved here to PHX.  We had the soft pretzels and fondue which was amazing.  The sweet corn Cannelloni is one of the greatest things I have ever eaten... in my life.  Go here.

P.S. Get dessert too.  Monkey bread and the carmel custard will make you drool.
Culinary Dropout is located near PF Changs and Wildfish across the street from Scottsdale Fashion Square. You can find free parking in the garage underneath the restaurant. Don' let them sucker you into valeting. which is located just before the garage entrance. 

They serve happy hour specials throughout the restaurant. The service is a bit slow. We ordered the pretzels and fondue app to start and it took forever to come out to us. I thought we would get it with our dinner, luckily the fried chicken took so long that it wasn't something we really should have worried about. In all fairness they did warn me that it would take awhile, which I appreciated and did take forever but I was craving fried chicken after being out in the sun all day so I was going to get it damn it. So worth the wait. It was crispy deliciousnesseses. The pretzels and fondue were good too, but you don't get enough pretzels to scoop out all the yummy cheese.  

I have only sat outside so I didn't notice the loud music. Sit outside if you want to catch some great people watching (or car watching in Mike's case) from the patio and you want to be able to hear your dinner mate(s).
I almost gave this place 4 stars for the ambiance and atmosphere. We went here with a group of friends right after the restaurant had first opened. I was a bit disappointed with the food. I found it was too salty for my preference.
I came here with a Bachelorette Party last weekend. We put our name on the list and the hostess said it would be 15-30 minute wait for a table for 8. it ended up taking over an hour. We were given complimentary pretzel balls and fondue at our table as an apology for the long wait. The pretzel and fondue dish was delicious! definitely one of the best things we had on the table the entire night. 
I ordered the salmon which was ok but the portion was very small. Someone ordered the gnocchi which was not good. The cannelloni was good but the portion was small...again. The salads were large and very good. To sum up the food, it was OK but not great and we were all still hungry after we left the restaurant.
The music playing was also extremely loud. You can barely have a conversation in the place. We were very happy when the live music started. It was a nice touch and the band was very good.
The ambiance is OK. Beautiful long tables and leather couches and gorgeous chandeliers. 
I hate giving this place a bad review, but I would never spend $$$ to eat here again.
Stopped in for a drink and a pre-dinner snack on a Wednesday evening. The place was very trendy and full of beautiful hipsters. I sat at the bar and was served promptly. They had a really interesting cocktail menu as well as a great beer and wine by the glass selection. I ended up getting the Velvet Death which had Death's Door Gin, Velvet Falernum, Lemon, Cointreau and Absinthe. A fantastic cocktail.

I wanted something substantial for a snack but not a real full meal. They had a good selection of cheeses and charcuterie but I was a bit disappointed by their appetizer selection. Seemed to lack substance and favored fried bar items. While it is a gastropub and it looked far more like a traditional restaurant so I was expecting more. 

The sandwiches and entrees looked very promising and I ended up getting a Chicken Hash which was roasted potatoes and sauteed chicken with onions that is covered in a light brown gravy. This is topped with two fried eggs and a bit of shaved truffle. The dish looked amazing and I loved the ingredients. Unfortunately, it lacked flavor. I didn't taste the truffles at all, despite ingesting obvious chunks of them. As a truffle fan this was particularly disappointing. The gravy was also very bland. I wish there would have been a bit more chicken in the chicken hash as well. Very skimpy portions. That being said, the eggs and potatoes were cooked perfectly and were really delicious and saved the dish.

While I only got a small taste of things at Culinary Dropout, it showed real promise. I'd definitely go back and give it another shot. My one concern is that which I had for many "trendy" places in Scottsdale in that it is a bit too trendy, clubby and clique-y. Since it was relatively early on a mid-week night and I sat at the bar I was able to get service but I got the feeling that might not be the case all the time.

All in all, the bit of food I had was good (with promise) and the drink was wonderful.
I went here for my most recent birthday and thought it was delicious! I am a big fan of the Fox restaurants, and I really dug the vibe of this one. It's casual brew pub meets fine dining and that is right up my alley. The location is perfect. There were chandeliers on the ceiling yet we had dish rags to place in our laps for napkins. Funny. I liked knowing that everything on the menu would be less than 20 dollars, so it wouldn't break the bank too. I highly recommend that anybody try the pretzel fondue. It was SO good. My boyfriend and I really liked the furniture, it seemed like it was straight out of an old hotel or something. It was cool. I tried the clown punch, it was tasty and a really good price! A lot of people complain of a wait to get in, but we were seated in less than 5 minutes on a Saturday night, so I can't say we had any problems with that at all. Way to go Sam Fox, this restaurant is a winner! :)
A restaurant with a good theme inside a mall.

I haven't spent much time in AZ, so I don't know how it compares to other establishments, but when I go to a restaurant inside a mall, I expect food for the masses.

The menu had good selection across many different varieties/genres of food. The drinks were eclectic and well prepared. The food the same.

The patrons were mixed - from Coco Crisp on Spring Training from the Oakland A's, to 20's and 30's to snowbirds in retirement.

Outdoor seating with a bar facing the outdoor seating was nice.
I went here on a Friday night, and it's a great place to grab a drink and some excellent appetizers. The crowd was very trendy and the inside is upscale. 

It's located near the Scottsdale Waterfront, and the downside of the location is the parking. We ended up parking at the parking garage that is located across from Olive and Ivy. It was free, and only a short walk. 

We had a bit of a wait, and Friday nights tend to have louder and busier, for it was a nice place to start out for the evening.
Went to Culinary Dropout last night for dinner. It was my first time eating at this restaurant..and I have to say I was sadly disappointed. 
The restaurant wasn't very busy due to it being a Monday night around 9pm. We ordered Soft Pretzels with Cheese Fondue for appetizer..how you screw up bread and cheese I have no idea. The pretzel bites were 
burnt almost to a crisp, and the "cheese fondue" they bring you to dip the pretzels in was almost non-existent. There was barely enough cheese to dip two pretzel bites in (they give you about 8)

For our main entrees we chose the Ribs and Prime Rib Dip sandwich.
The ribs were mediocre, they came with a side of coleslaw which was mostly just mayonnaise, and fries that were also burnt.
The Prime Rib Dip was on soggy bread with way too much mayonnaise. The "Prime Rib" was so minimal you couldnt see the meat when holding the sandwich. It was just all bread. Also came with fries that were burnt. Also not enough ketchup on either plate for fries. Our bill was $65 and we were both sorely disappointed in the service of our waitress and the quality of food. Save yourself money and eat at Denny's. Honestly  the same quality. 

NOT A HIGH END RESTAURANT. Food sucks, will never eat here again.
I have visited Culinary Dropout over a handfu of times.  I give 5 stars for the pretzel and cheese fondue as well as the homeade carmel corn but the other dishes I have tried have just been o.k.  
I will be back for my favorites but I probably will not venture to try anything new.
Lunch wasn't bad here. Actually it was damn good. This review had been sitting in my bookmarks for a while, but don't know why I never got around to writing it...

ANYWAY, I came in for lunch with some former co-workers a while back.

Our server was friendly, and gave us some fantastic recommendations on the menu. He wasn't negative about what he didn't like. He was more curious about things we liked, and worked off of that. Smart guy. 

I had the honey drizzled fried chicken and the pretzels with cheese fondue. Sounds very unhealthy. And it was. But it was DAMN good! Now thinking about it, most of my party had the same thing.

I could see this place becoming a mess on weekends, but on a weekday, this place was the jam. 

Everything tasted great. Service was great. I didn't really have high expectations going in, so it's nice to be surprised and delighted. Holler.
Culinary Dropout is one of those places that just doesn't live up to the expectations that it sets. From the outside, one would imagine that it's probably a pub-type place. Lots of bar food, great happy hour, etc. It's even super dark on the inside with dark woods, black chandeliers and a stage for a band, giving it a Scottsdale chic, but semi-dive type of feel. But the menu just leaves me scratching my head wondering where the heck it came from.

For starters, the appetizer list is relatively short and un-appetizer like, especially for a place that seems to be paying homage to bar food. Note: French onion soup should not and does not qualify as an appetizer, nor does "Yesterday's Soup." Other options included oysters and mussels--two other dishes that seem out of place for the "pub" disguise. There was a long list of cheeses and meats, but that also seemed out of place for a pub. Perhaps I'd appreciate that selection had I been at a wine bar?

Alas, I was able to find two items on the menu that seemed to correlate with the atmosphere--pretzels and fish & chips. The soft pretzels and provolone fondue appetizer is very delicious, as you'd expect any bread and cheese combination to be. The pretzels were small, soft bites and the fondue reminded me of Velveeta, but less salty. The fish & chips, were was pretty much exactly what you'd expect for fish & chips out at a pub. Thin cut fries, cole slaw, tartar sause, crispy fish fillets. Nothing special, but not bad.

Frankly, I don't understand why the place is so dang popular. It was packed with Scottsdale nightlife, so it makes me wonder if most people come for the bar and to say that they're partying at the Scottsdale "Waterfront." I probably wouldn't go back there, unless I had a real hankering for some pretzels and cheese.
This place is pretty cool! The atmosphere is wonderful! I love the chandeliers and the chairs are huge and comfy! We came in to have drinks and watch the ncaa tourney, and we ended up ordering food! Whoever thought of grilled cheese sliders with bacon is a genius!  Great place to drink, eat and watch a game!
Eh...its okay.  Had the salmon, thought it was good.  The appetizers are good, the PBR in a paper bag a little tongue in cheek.  I think the problem is, that this place is too trendy and the food is just too average for me to want to push through the crowd to try and secure a dinner spot.  Its super loud inside and the bar is extremely crowded.  Everyone is pretty.  Not complaining, just saying that I wish the food was just as pretty.  The menu is a mish mash of comfort food and whatever trendy restuarant ingredient is hot that week.  Still, its nice to have another option when you're scratching your head and wonderfing where to go when you are next to the mall.
Love the environment, like the food, dislike the service.

I am in love with all of the Fox restaurants and I have gone to Culinary Dropout quite a few times. I always get the pretzel and provolone appetizer and the grilled cheese. Both to die for. They also have a lot of unusual drinks that are quite tasty! 

I do, however, have to say that it is not worth hitting up for happy hour. There are only a few items to choose from and most of the drinks are still full price. I went with a friend recently and we, of course, ordered the pretzel and provolone appetizer. When we got our bill, we noticed that we were charged full price for the appetizer when it was supposed to be half price. When we asked our waitress, she said "OH...I did not realize that you guys were here for happy hour. You see, the happy hour version of the appetizer is half the SIZE which is why it is half the price. You guys got the full size so it is full price." Does this seem weird to anyone else? When you order an appetizer at 3pm on Friday afternoon isn't it implied that you are wanting happy hour? And is it really even a "deal" if you are getting 1/2 the quantity anyway? Weird.
The decor was fun, but the background music was really odd. The music was too loud to have an easy conversation over.

The food and drink looked really fun from the menu, and were good, but not good enough to rave about.

I may go back, but there are a lot of other places I would try before then.

--Find a different mix of music please! And turn it down, I'm only 24, don't make me complain like an old grouch! --
I've been here twice, once for happy hour and once for dinner. If you can get there early enough for happy hour and get a seat outside, it's great. Comfortable seating, interesting people watching and pretty good service. 

The soft pretzel & fondue are very tasty as was the cheese plate. When I went for dinner I had the ricotta gnocchi, which was pretty good, but not great. 

I wouldn't go back for dinner again, but I did enjoy my HH experience.
I've yet to visit a Fox restaurant that I didn't like, and Culinary Dropout is no different. The laid-back cool feel, eerily good looking staff, and funky decor make for a fun Happy Hour or dinner spot in Scottsdale. As usual, everything is tasty, and starting with the pretzel bread fondue will not disappoint. Burgers, salads...all the entrees are sturdy and good, but the stars are really the appetizers and the drinks. Feeling adventurous (or cheap)? Get the paper bag special...a "mystery" cheap beer served in a tiny, can-sized paper bag.
Really, really good food. Some similar items to Arrogant Butcher (both Fox Restaurants)...
Once again, I had the pretzel fondue which consists of this yummy hot cheese in a little pot, accompanied by these absolutely to-die-for "pretzels" . These pretzels are NOT the box variety, but little baby loaves of pretzel bread, which I have now started day-dreaming about...
In addition, I had the turkey pastrami sandwich (also on a pretzel bun) and it was perfectly wonderful. 
My husband had the ribeye, which was sliced and had a delish blue cheesey sauce on the bottom. He loved it (I snagged a bite, it was mightly good!). 
This is was weekend night, and the place was packed with beautiful young people all decked out (well,except for us, that is). The music was a little bit loud (like bar loud) for me, but the food will be calling me back...not to mention that fabulous pretzel bread...
Proof that you can market and sell anything with a catchy name. Lame happy hour, flavorless food, inattentive staff that's trying to look like an American apparel add. If this wasn't a Fox concept in the heart of Old Town it would of closed its doors 6 months ago.
Cool server. The place was full of Scottsdale  douchbags and way to over priced hints all the douchbags. Hey if douchbags is your thing then this is the place for you.
First time here, new favorite. You can create your own antipasti plate, and the pretzels and fondue are AMAZING. Also the ricotta gnocchi is the best I have ever had. Service was good, Liz was our waitress and she was very friendly and helpful. Monkey bread is also stellar. I cannot wait to go back.
I just got back from vacation in Scottsdale and this place was recommended to me and I have to tell you I was not disappointed.  From the time I sat down to the time I left, it truly was a great experience.  Had the Blueberry lager, which was great.  Had the pretzel nuggets and provolone fondue, which I have to tell you, YOU MUST TRY IT.  I know its just pretzels and fondue but everything is made on premise so its extremely fresh.  I had the short ribs with orecchiette pasta and I am telling you, I wish I had the receipe because I have never tasted anything like it.  I am still craving it and its been almost two weeks I am back home.  I finished with the salted caramel custard, and I was again not disappointed.  I had to share dessert as I was extremely full.  The dessert was topped with freshly popped caramel popcorn.  It doesn't get better than this.  I also had the dirty schoolgirl martini's and they were very good as well.  Staff was great and I truly recommend this place.  Now only if I can get that short rib recipe I would be so happy!
Best Bloody Mary's!  And if you haven't tried the Turkey Pastrami on a Pretzel roll with cole slaw, you are MISSING OUT!
Really liked this place.  The parking situation is a pain but the atmosphere, food, and pricing were great.  The live music was a bonus.  The appetizers were excellent.  The drink prices were reasonable.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
Good food, good service, great ambiance.
Would have gave five stars if the service was better. But great food and lots of drink selections.
Now, a somewhat dinner review.

My out of town visitor said she wanted a place like Buffalo Wild Wings, but better. And she wanted beer. I said...ok. Culinary Dropout it is.

Last night, we were promptly seated, ordered our beverages, and then got the pretzels and cheese fondue. Absolutely amazing. As always. It was my day off from the gym, so I said..."What the hell!"

Instead of ordering entrees, we decided to order a place of prosciutto, sun dried tomatoes, and some manchego cheese, served with crostinis.

Everything was flavorful. The sun dried tomatoes were perfectly marinated, the manchego was at just the right temperature, and the prosciutto was finely sliced like a delicate piece of angel paper. What the hell is angel paper? I have no idea. I am just free-writing. Go with it.

Bottom line, you will never go wrong here. Appetizers, Entrees, Charcuterie....anything. This is your spot. 

Service is a tad spotty in the evening, but I suppose that CAN be a good thing if you are in a good conversation.
I totally get it. Those of you that don't... think about it.  Culinary, Dropout.   The food here is delicsh.   An awesome take on food we already know and love.   It's not traditional bar food... it's high quality and well thought-out bar food.   It's what we seek when wanting a break from the normal grease bomb fried beer burger bar joints.   It's like saying *$@% to the traditional, then keeping what's great and making the rest your own.
Went here during spring training. I like the atmosphere and the food. However, the hostesses need to learn how to estimate timing a little better. They told us (we were a group of 8.. so quite large, I know) 30 minutes. We were fine to wait 30 minutes.. the 2 hour wait was a little irritating. They did make up for it with their soft pretzels & provolone Fondue, which I might say was damn good. 

I ordered the ricotta gnocci which was also amazing. The portions are quite large, so I didn't get to finish. I'm definitely going back when I hit up spring training next year. And next year I'll be with boys so they'll be able to order in very (VERY) large portions.
no outside tables available on a Sat night so we opted for immediate seating indoors. The best way that I can describle the vibe is edgy. Conversation can be a bit challanging due to the noise level. Our waiter was very friendly anf enthusiastic. He was right on the money with the soft pretzels with cheese fondue. Amazing. Very creative menu. I tryed the gnocci with sausage and mushrooms. The gnocci were light and delicious but they were overwhelmed by too much sausage. I give an A for creativity and a C for execution. No drinks or deserts
The drinks and food were great. The pretzel and cheese fondue was amazing.
Yes, 4 stars for the reason you go to a restaurant: Food!
Quality was good.  Atmosphere was Trendy Scottsdale.  Love the name and well executed theme of the name throughout - menu, tables, decor, employee uniform etc.
Food was really tasty, Pretzel fondue hit the spot.  Monkey Bread was great, seasonings on the entrees were done with tasteful restraint.
Waitress was cute as a bug's ear, although she did forget part of our order; to her partial defense, the place was packed but I would have liked to try the forgotten appetizer.
The Death's Door adult beverage was a perfect concoction: I want a large pitcher with a long flexible straw . . . floor here I come!  But for $10 bucks it better be darn good.
I was not surprised to learn that this restaurant was part of the Fox Family of restaurants as my other experiences with them have all been top notch (Olive & Ivy, Bloom, Sauce).
Fun place, I will go back if nothing else to try more tasty food.
Final Rating: 4.3
Warm, soft pretzels and gooey provolone fondue, are you f*ng kidding me?? Ahhh, to die for!

Thirteen of us went there for lunch after my nephew's graduation from ASU and had a superb experience. First, we didn't have a reservation, just walked in cold. We were immediately seated at a large, dark wooden table surrounded by comfy chairs, in the space between the bar and the kitchen (foodie's heaven). The hostess and our servers were super nice, friendly, and knowledgeable.  A bacon-infused Bloody Mary made its way to my place setting, and  my oh my, it was delish! Just what the doctor ordered!  We noshed on those pretzels and fondue, along with plates of oysters (which I can't review since I'm allergic. Dammit.).  I had the fish and chips, which were fresh, crunchy and properly served with vinegar and slaw.  Others had salads, burgers, chicken fried steaks...everybody raved about their dishes, and everything looked great.

Service was perfect and a great time was had by all.
We started out the day headed to Comicon but after seeing the CA-RAZY long line, we changed our minds. The BF suggested we go to Fashion Square to shop...WOOT!  We found this place almost by accident, just driving by and the name caught my eye...definitely happy we stopped here for lunch! 

The waiter was prompt, pleasant and efficient. Our food was excellent. I got the Spring veggie salad -- so fresh with an awesome vinaigrette! The BF got an amazing Pub Burger -- so big and juicy (but he immediately picked off the tomato)! I wanted to order the 12-hr Roasted Tomatoes and "Crusty bread w/ good Olive oil" for an appetizer. The tomatoes almost tasted like they were kinda pickled...and they were cold, which we didn't expect, but SO tasty! Sweet just like candy! BTW...It was after ordering this that I witnessed a first...THE BF ACTUALLY ATE THESE TOMATOES! Now THAT is saying something! I was totally blown away and actually took a picture! :o) 

With such a diverse menu, there is something for everyone...the little "checklist" appetizer menu was kind of neat in my opinion. Roasted beets, different little tapas-like meats and cheeses, crusty bread w/Olive oil...you could make a meal out of all that stuff alone! 

Tons of different drink options is always a plus too...even though I didn't get a drink at lunch, I saw LOTS of different ones I would have liked to try if it hadn't been 2:00 in the afternoon! 

All in all, I was very pleased and would definitely go back. There are so many more interesting things to try!
This is a definite gastropub with a chic gothic rocker vibe.  The decor is a mixture of wood, velvet, and metal. I'd come here to just sit and stare in awe at the fabulous decor and details, like the huge chandeliers...but I'd easily get distracted with the enticing food and drink options on their menu.  

Me and the boyfriend also came here to eat and drink while visiting a friend in Scottsdale. For appetizers we ordered the potato chips and mussels which were both good. It wasn't until we finished off the food before I realized everyone around us ordered the pretzel fondue...oops!  Next time that'll be on the to-do list!  Needless to say we filled our bellies with drinks and finished off our night with some ooey gooey apple monkey bread :)
Great ambiance, and sometimes live music! Get the pretzel bites appetizer and the bloody mary's! Great girls night/happy hour/date night spot.
I went there for lunch, haven't done happy hour/dinner yet but will let you know soon.

antipasta list to create your desired tapas plate, great salads to choose from- portions were OK. I got the prime rib shaved dip sandwich, unfortunately there was more bread than meat- words of advice- at least match it up to creat a balance. My friends had the filet- 4 oz- they should provide options (4-6-8), mussels were absolutely great- recommend definitely. Service was great and friendly. They also offer happy hour mon-fri 3-6pm, and nightly entertainment - bands, solo artist, etc.
I went here tonight for a girlfriends birthday. Food was great. Our server was attentive but it did take a while to get our food and drinks.
I highly recommend the soft pretzels with fondue, so yummy! Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I had the Sweet Corn Cannelloni; the flavors were very rich and I was happy to see they had several vegetarian options. We also got to choose a complimentary desert, and had the Monkey Bread. Sounded so-so but was delicious. Also, I love decor! Comfy chairs, that are different at every table and the gorgeous chandeliers make it feel very upscale.
My only complaints would be the amount of time we waited to get our food/drinks, it was pretty loud, a bit too dark, and the portions were fairly small for the price.
I loved the vegetarian options here, including the Sweet Corn Cannelloni. That was amazing. I think there was white asparagus involved, but I can't be sure. Regardless, I think the prices are a bit high, but I'll put up with it for more of that amazing goodness. 

Love the atmosphere and comfy chairs as well. 

It's not often my husband and I can BOTH find a place we agree on. 

Visited twice, once when we first moved to AZ with my hubby's new co-workers, and once later as a family. Both times were great. 

I did not give it 5 stars because I think although service was adequate, it should have been better.
After eating here for dinner three times, I've decided that I won't come back--at least not for dinner. I was impressed the first time by the trendy, swanky atmosphere and great selection of antipasti starters (you can create your own platter of meats, cheeses, and veggies). But the dinner menu isn't that great or plentiful. The list of salads and sandwiches outnumbers the list of entrees. Maybe I'll like it better if I try it for lunch next time.
I went here with Friends. All my friends and I use Yelp, at the end of the meal taking cost into perspective we all came to this is a 2 star place. The service was a 4, the food was a 3, but the ambiance would be a negative star. They had a band playing that was a good band, but the restaurant does not have the proper acoustics and it was too loud. In conclusion we would go back, but when the band is not playing. The beer selection at this place is very good. The burgers were great. The pretzel fondue was good.  The service and wait staff are excellent.  If it was not for the loud band I would give this 4 stars.
The decor is a site to see. Different materials, such as wood metal and even velvet make it an interesting place to visit.  Other than that, its just another restaurant with somewhat of an overpriced menu, especially for alcohol ( My chicken salad was $12, and mojito was $9).  If you can stay away from the booze, it will definitely save you some cash.  The chicken salad was average at best, as well as the service.
I'm so over this place. I've given it so many chances, and it's just.so.mediocre. Food is bleh, drinks are expensive, atmosphere is pretentious. I know it's Scottsdale, and I'm all about the trendy, fabulous feel. But you have to deserve the crowd by delivering tasty food, good drinks, and on-top-of-it service. Culinary Dropout definitely dropped out of school when those topics were being taught. Time to restructure, Fox Restaurants.
Just not impressed... My salad sucked. I ended up sharing my 2 year old's grilled cheese.
My favorite from the Fox Restaurant Group, and the reason (along with the W Scottsdale) I am always ok with traveling to Arizona, even in the oppressive heat.

Went there the first time with others and we (even my pretzel-hating self) loved loved loved the soft pretzels and provolone fondue as a starter.  The kitchen accidentally prepped an extra order of black mussels, and we reaped the benefits (as an aside, always be nice to your server.  Actually, just be nice to everyone).

All of the entrees were great, but standouts were the sweet corn cannelloni and the extraordinarily decadent fried chicken.  To drink -- get the Moscow Mule. Then switch to the Home-Ec Martini.  Drink with abandon.

I went back by myself once and had just as amazing a meal sitting at the bar for happy hour.  I followed the same drinking rotation, but switched things up and enjoyed a different meal (two words: Grilledcheesesliders. Withtomatoandbacon).  Total noms.

As an aside, the outdoor patio is a total scene at night.  It's pretty amazing.
The food and service is awesome.  You must try the pretzels with provolone cheese they are the best.   I have had the fried chicken and cuban before must haves.  The wife had the grilled cheese sliders she loved them.  Get the caramel popcorn for dessert.  One to eat there and one to take home.  Great prices great eats.  Oh yeah you can get beer in a paper bag for like 2 bucks........
When we were headed here our hosts described it as a place vampires might hang out. One look at the decor and you can see what they mean. The place is ensconced in purple velvet

By the time we arrived we'd already been on a tasting tour of Scottsdale and the surrounding area but we wanted to taste something on the CD menu. All I wanted was some vegetables! The husband suggested the Seared Tuna Salad ($14) with ginger vinaigrette, wasabi peas, and an assortment textural  and it was so good.  Totally hit the spot.  I'd eat that salad everyday.

I wanted to sample an interesting cocktail too so I perused the drink menu and discovered a gem. As a proud part-Peruvian seeing Pisco on a menu fluffs my feathers up. As a matter of fact my cousin proudly represents the brand Vinas de Oro Pisco.  Pisco, a strong colorless grape brandy is expertly processed turning out a libation that resembles a very smooth tequila in flavor and is the base for the drink. You add lemon, simple syrup, bitters and egg whites. It's refreshing and strong.  The Peruvian Press ($10) was a version of the more traditional Pisco Sour and it was delicious.  This is a sipping drink so take it slow. 

In MN when we say custard we're most likely talking about the creamier, fattier version of ice cream not the more classic version that's the consistency of a thick pudding. We were surprised, but not disappointed, when we dug into the Salted Caramel Custard ($7). The house made caramel corn that poured out the top of this glass was obscenely good. It was buttery, flavorful and stick to your teeth fresh. After, getting through barricade of popcorny goodness we were greeted by silky smooth custard. It tasted like salted caramel for sure. Next time I'd the Caramel Corn ($3) and skip the custard. 

I just sampled a bite of the Ricotta Gnocchi ($14) with sausage and mushrooms. The light, brothy creme sauce was perfectly seasoned. Delicious. I'd try it as a main course!
Get the turkey pastrami!! It's a little messy but you will thank me! It has coleslaw which I don't like but loved it on this sandwich. It comes on warm soft pretzel bread and is just amazing!!
First impressions are always important, and I was wowed by the Gothic meets Modern meets British Invasion decor. In fact, I liked it so much that it may have colored my opinion on the restaurant quite a bit. 

For starters I had the soft pretzels with cheese fondue which was so delicious! You get a basket of large pretzel pieces and a substantial pot of cheese. More than enough for two people!

Then I had the Chicken Gorgonzola salad. It was the perfect cool dish for a hot summer day. I wish it had a few more apple slices in it, but over all it was a great salad with the perfect amount of dressing. 

Our waiter was attentive, but it could have been because the restaurant was pretty empty relative to it's size. Although I imagine that it is packed on weekend nights.

I was also pleased that they brought out black napkins for me since I was wearing black pants. It was a thoughtful touch!

I can't wait to go back and try something off of their extensive cocktail menu! Too bad drinking isn't acceptable during working hours!
Great fun atmosphere. Food was great.
Nobody is perfect, but this is about as close as it gets. I LOVE the menu here. It is so simple, yet new and exciting. The picked peppers are delicious, as is their gourmet version of a Big Mac. Also try their asparagus and the cheap house salad. I really enjoyed my bacon infused bloody mary too. Garage parking can be an issue at peak times in this area - though a valet is always available.
From the moment you enter this place you get the feeling that you are entering some swanky underground restaurant, the lighting is dark and the decor is mysterious!!  I am in love with the fashionable staff who come to work wearing what they want as well as the chef in the back with the 12 inch mohawk. The drink menu is stocked with exciting choices such as "In Between the Sheets" and the "Dirty School Girl"! Not your average bar! The BEST thing on the menu in my opinion is the House Made Fettuccine. Honestly the best homemade meat sauce ever and I am hard to please considering I was raised on Bolognese sauce! A great place to take a date whether it be your first or 100th this place will never disappoint.
so a girl i know works here and after a discussion in mexico about why i don't like fox concepts, she convinced me to come and give it a try. 

so she sent me a message the following week telling me she was working the lunch shift and i headed in. 

she was so sweet and brought us a free pretzel app. my lunch date and i were both trying to eat healthy but felt bad not eating it. so what were we to do? 

wrap the pretzels in a napkin, shove them in my purse, and feed them to the guys at work of course! 

our food came out and it was pretty decent. the price was fair and of course you can expect it to be darling bc that's what fox does best. 

i'd be willing to go back! the service was friendly from all the staff, not just my friend :) 

a- ok!
So, we walked past this place on the way back from Olive & Ivy and thought the name was interesting.  I couldn't remember Culinary Dropout and kept referring to it as the Shi**y Chef.  Wound up going in on a Tuesday night... missed happy hour, dang it.  It looked like Fangtasia from True Blood on the inside.  Velvet, black, chandeliers, etc.  Very dark inside.  Had to use my phone light to read the menu.  Lots of pretty people working.  Our server, Alyssa, was quick and efficient.  Talked super fast, but knew her stuff.  We had the smoked salmon and short rib pasta.  Both were excellent and served quickly.  Really like the pasta and wish I could replicate at home.  The prices weren't too bad, either.  I enjoyed my meal at the Shi**y Chef.

Pros=interesting concept, great food and service
Cons=seating is very close to other diners.  Had to sit near a woman (I think it was a woman) who was missing a lot of hair (not cancer-style, just pattern baldness, I think).  Distracting.  Parked at the mall and walked over.
I like it, but I don't love it... that's how I felt after leaving Culinary Dropout. Out of all the Fox restaurants I've been to this one isn't the worst, but not the best. I HATE True Food but LOVE the Arrogant Butcher. Culinary Dropout was somewhere in the middle with everything- service and food. Our server was OK, he was kinda slow in between courses and when we wanted to order, but since we were hangin' with friends it didn't matter too much. 

Of course the pretzel fondue is amazing. They weren't served as hot as at arrogant butcher, but still very good. I had a salad, which was fresh and the chicken I ordered on the top was REALLY good. It was grilled and full of flavor, which is sometimes lacking in chicken you get on top of a salad. Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy their food- I tried my Husband's grilled cheese sliders, which were greasy, but obviously good given its ingredients, however it didn't seem like enough food for a full meal. We skipped dessert and had foyo across the street. 

So in conclusion, if I was in the area and really had a taste for some pretzel fondue I would go back to Culinary Dropout.... although the pretzels and wetzels are better... now I'm confused...
Nestled into a posh shopping district of Scottsdale Culinary Dropout offers a little flair to the upper crust. A variety of hand crafted cocktails are available and are only $10 each if my memory serves me correctly. 

It was a Saturday night and I arrive with my party of three after eight pm. We waited in a VERY packed bar area for over an hour. Once seated it was pretty nice. 

It was a celebratory dinner and we tried almost all the appetizers. The cheese and meat selection are particularly impressive. I'm a cheese fan and CD does  has an excellent selection. The pretzels and cheese where also a good app to share among hungry friends who had been drinking at the bar for more than an hour before dinner.

It was a nice place. I'd err on the side of saying it was a little to "Ed Hardy" for my taste with patrons trying to look "rock-n-roll", but that's the vibe and you know that going in. 

Good food, good time. Minus the long wait.
Overall I (and my 5 dinner companions) were very impressed with this place. As many others have noted, the pretzel fondue (provolone) ($10) is outstanding. The "crusty bread and good olive oil" ($2) is also very good. Main courses were mostly to everyone's liking - after chowing down on the pretzels and bread I was glad I ordered the Crispy Shrimp Caesar Salad ($13). Though crispy, the shrimp wasn't greasy, and the salad had just the right amount of dressing for my taste (not too much, not too little). My wife didn't have as much luck with the fried chicken -- too much honey flavor for her. We took the rest home and I ate it today; I agree, though the chicken itself is perfectly prepared. A friend who ordered it had the same experience.  I also liked the interesting selection of beers, including some locals (like the Four Peaks HopKnot IPA - very powerful flavor, very good; and the SanTan Epicentre American Amber - light but good; they also offer lots in cans, which apparently is all the rage). True, it's too loud, and service was great albeit overly attentive, and one could complaint about the price of the drinks (but it is Scottsdale, after all). But overall a positive experience; I'd go back, at the very least for the pretzels.
Good atmosphere and live music Sunday night.  $2 beer in a bag all day Sunday. Fun spot.
I had my first experience with Culinary Dropout today, during my lunch hour. It came highly recommended from some co-workers, so I was excited to check it out and enjoy a good lunch.

Food: we had the pretzel fondue for an appetizer, which was a nice treat because I don't order fondue often. I followed this with a turkey pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun, which was amazing and different (although a tad messy, but it was so great I didn't care). Another thing I Iiked was that they didn't overload the plate with fries, like most places do...the sandwich came with just the right amount...and those were good!

It was fairly busy, but not packed. We received great service from our server, and it looked like they had plenty of staff to tend to the other tables. Oh and one other thing: our server was actually friendly, something that is not commonplace in that part of town. The manager (I'm guessing) actually came by, and checked in with us to make sure we we're enjoying our lunch...and he was friendly as well.

I'll definitely be returning in the future!
I totally love the name of this place...Culinary Dropout! Since I was staying at the W hotel I would pass by this restaurant and thought I'd give it a shot since it seemed like a pretty good place.

I love the fact that this place has a vintage feel; from the tables, chairs, and even the restroom. 

I decided to get the fried chicken since it just sounded delicious. I ordered the pretzel and cheese fondue as an appetizer and some grilled asparagus. The fried chicken was amazing, comes with 3 pieces with 2 biscuits. The biscuits has some honey drizzled as well as the chicken. Totally a must try! The pretzel and cheese fondue was ehh A-O-K not the best. The grilled asparagus was delicious as well.
Trendy, hip, good looking staff, nice outdoor seating option, clean.  Great place to grab a bite with colleagues.  Great people watching and the food is really enjoyable.  Definitely get the pretzels and fondue and the dessert with Carmel popcorn is another must have.  Fox restaurants are consistently very good.  Pricing is ok and not obnoxiously expensive especially for being located at Scottsdale fashion square mall.
I like this place, I really do. I continue to go back and every time I do, I forget about the hack live bands that play at night. Immediately puts me in a bad mood. Everything else: service, ambience, crowd, food is above average, but if I have to listen to a shit cover of "Wonderwall" by Oasis on  a Friday night again....I might shoot myself.
First off, we were met with really good service. The server was really knowledgable about the whole menu and his advice led to a great meal. 

The cheese and meats were delicious. They also have a gluten free menu. 

As far as the drinks go, I had a smashed Irishman and it was crazy good.
One of the worst experiences I've had while dining out. It took 14 minutes to get greeted and our drink orders took another 18. I didn't like my margarita and I didn't drink it (it had no flavor) and ordered another drink yet our waitress didn't take it off the bill. The food was good but nothing outstanding. We waited way too long for our drinks and dinner, and the waitress knew nothing about the menu so we will definitely not be returning. Try sauce though! Another Fox concept around the corner. Much better!
Eh, it was OK. I liked the way it was decorated, and my drink (Jalisco something) was good. The food, however, was not impressive at all. I had the grilled cheese sliders, and they weren't any better than I could get at a fast food restaurant. The fries were not very crisp or flavorful either. My husband's burger was tastier than my dinner, but it still wasn't what I was expecting from this restaurant. Our server was just ok, too - made some recommendations for drinks, but then got cranky when our table wasn't ready to order. I had read so many great things about Culinary Dropout, but it was mediocre at best.
Went tonight good drinks good food good service and live music on a sunday night. Try the sausage and mushroom gnocci very tasty.
this was our second stop on a bike pub ride and although it's been on the list to try, we've never made it here until today. 

it's very cool inside. i love the giant chandeliers and the comfy chairs. we didn't get a chance to eat and it was only about 5pm, so the only other people there were about a 100 pub riders and the staff accommodated all of us quickly and attentively. would love to try the food next time!
Ambiance: I liked that they have a stage, upbeat music, happy hour and you can see the kitchen.  Re: Good looking staff:  We had a handsome waiter, the other young ladies are just average looking.  The chairs had worn out cushions and i sank in them. 

The food was good but a few discrepancies on the menu: 
The Butternut squash Cannelloni  is actually Ravioli! Do you reviewers not know the difference? And there was supposed to be corn, white asparagus and sugar snap or snow peas with included but were missing--they would have added to the overall taste, value and nutrition of the menu. 

Appetizers: ordered the mussels and got a great portion with a wonderful broth and superb toasty bread for dipping. A few of the mussels had an off taste though. 

Also a port cheese from France which I thought would have a port wine swirl through it but it was very tasty. Served with a berry jam, I would have preferred a crushed olive dipper. (for $4 I can't complain.)
Desert: carmel corn custard something or other, more than for one person. It was more sweet than an expected sweet and salty. 

Shared the entire meal and it came to 51.and change. Good deal for 2 ladies who are watching their calorie intake and want something different. 

Will be back for appetizers and happy hour. 
Of note: Again, I am a seasoned fish and chipper-- please serve malt vinegar at the table when serving. The coleslaw looked very healthy, not  mushy.
I hardly ever give five star reviews. My experience at Culinary Dropout today prompted me to do so. The reason we checked this place out was because I had a 25% coupon from Fox RC for Labor Day. First things first: The employees are extremely good looking. There is lots of tattoos and bare skin. Our bartender was awesome. He answered all our dumb questions with a smile and made some killer drinks. I had the Bacon Infused Bloody Mary and my friend had the Acai Mojito. I will be going back again to have that Bloody Mary. It was SO good. We started out with the homemade chips and onion dip and it was delicious. We pretty much filled up on those before we got our meals. I ordered the Havarti Burger, my roommate got the chef salad, and my other friend got the canneloni. Everything was super good, but it was too much food! My burger melted in my mouth and I kept stealing bites of my friend's salad. So, in a nutshell:

- Great vibe.
- Great food.
- Great drinks.
- Hot employees.
- Clever menu titles/
- Great experience!
I'm only going to mention the pretzel fondue... Love the conception, love the pretzel but it's WAY over-priced! 
The outdoor seating was nice but the wind kept blowing out the candle for the fondue. :(
Hello!  Can you say awesome!!!  Stumbled upon this place while looking for a quick lunch before a Sunday matinee. Yes, the pretzel roll with provolone fondue is to die for!  But be careful, it's a large order and will fill you up quickly. My friend had the sweet corn cannelloni which was tasty and wonderfully unique, while I had the apple, currant, blue cheese mixed greens. The variation in flavors was outstanding and I especially loved the paper thin mandolin sliced green apple.  We both agreed this would be the perfect place to come to on a lazy Sunday afternoon; indulge in some good wine and go crazy on the separate, and vast, anti-pasta menu. Some proscuto, olives and a distinctly aried selection of cheeses. Yumm!  We arrived at 11:15am and by 12:00 the place was completely packed. Great atmosphere. Love the long bar, open kitchen and super cozy/comfortable seating. Well done.
Went for a quick lunch with my husband after reading the rave reviews. Have to say I was a bit disappointed. Had the pretzel with provolone fondue---pretzel bites were warm and tasty and so was the fondue, but it tasted more like cheese whiz than a restaurant fondue and definitely did not taste like provolone. Ut was creamy and warm--I can see this as satisfying drunks, not real lovers of fondue. Had the Cubano sandwich, another disappointment. The roll was too soft and couldn't hold up to the thick piece of pork--which had a lot if fat pieces. And who puts lettuce on a Cubano? It made it slimy and half way thru I switched to eating with a fork. Fries were good. The decor was ok---a bit dark for my taste, that always makes me think they're hiding the dirt in the floor. We had a nice server though.
Two words: Acai mojito.  I am usually a beer drinker (which they have a good selection of, including San Tan products), but on a hot day nothing beats a mojito and the Acai mojito at Culinary Dropout was top notch, I had two.  There were many other unique cocktails on the menu, such as the bacon infused bloody mary, that I am dying to return to try.  The menu is inbetween bar and restaraunt type selections.  I had the shaved rib sandwhich with french onion soup for dipping.  It was excellent.  The decor in culinary dropout is posch with dark purple walls and large chandeliers, which is complimented by their tattooed and mo-hawked staff.  A nice place to hang out with friends or on a date.
When this Sam Foxer first opened, it was DA BOMB!  Trendy and so in fashion. Even the servers were hip and artsy looking.  The food was innovative and fun.....
 
however, as time passes and money is made, the food quality starts to fade....so sad.    
 
the meat and cheese dishes are standard fare.
the pretzels are a hit or miss;  some days fresh and doughy, other days shriveled cold and left-overed-reheated tasting.  The Easy Cheese Whiz fondue is still fun to share with a big drunken group there to people watch on the outdoor patio.  

The pasta dish with rib meat is standard.  Could be a little fresher and hotter. 
The fried chicken, which used to be large cripsy juicy pieces are now sad shriveled dry  pieces.  
The highly anticipated dessert with the Caramel popcorn was so congealed and stuck together that I think I cracked a filling....Again, so sad..... 
 
There's a reason the restaurant is no longer packed to the brim as it used to a few years ago;   it has the same sad vibe as the Pink Taco when it was nearing it's decline.   
 
if you like to party with the ladies looking for their next ATMan card, this is a decent place to go on the weekends.  
 
I'm going to ask my gay couple friends where's the next trendiest place to eat would be;  they know style and food.
I went here for Resteraunt week and I was very pleased, I had the Fried Chicken the portions are HUGE, But omg the cripsy skin was so good We had the antipasta which was very tasty too! The staff there is all very helpful with sugestions on the wines and what to order. As well as many other people have wrote it's a place filled with beautiful people and all dressed very fashion forward. Great energy and a fun place can't wait to go back......
I've never been one to fall in love easily. Until now. Culinary Dropout was love at first bite. 

Walking in, the decor of this place caused instant infatuation. I want to steal their purple wall and get a mini version of those wonderful green crystal chandeliers for my bedroom. Their booths are so comfy and the lighting was just right. When it cools down I definitely plan on spending some time having cocktails on their beautiful patio. 

Our server, Tori was adorable and fantastic. Not only was she incredibly perky and attentive, she knew the menu like the back of her hand. And the way she described all of the items made me want to order one of everything. Also, she encouraged us to take our time. We started with an app, hung out and talked, then ordered an entree, hung out and marinated on that, and then ended with dessert. We were there for quite some time and never felt rushed or abandoned. Tori made our dining experience more than stellar. 

Now to the important part. The A.maz.ing. food. 

First out, the soft pretzels with provolone fondue. Oh em gee. I LOVE pretzels and cheese but I will never be satisfied again unless I'm having it at Culinary Dropout. The pretzels have just the right amount of sea salt (not too much) and are so fantastically soft. The fondue was the perfect temperature and they have a little candle flame to keep it the right consistency so you can take your time eating. Although those pretzels disappeared really fast. 

Our entree, the sweet corn cannelloni. Thanks to Tori warning me this is seasonal and will change to butternut squash I was all over it. My friend and I split this and the serving size was still plentiful. I want to find whomever came up with the idea of putting mashed corn inside the cannelloni pasta and kiss them on the lips. The butter sauce was so flavorful but not too heavy and complimented the corn flavor instead of distracting from it. 

Dessert. Words cannot describe. I have lived in a world where I believed the best dessert in existence was creme brulee with berries until last night. The salted caramel custard made me want to utter inappropriate noises of delight. Topped with their caramel popcorn and chilled at just the right temperature, my friend and I indulged in silence as our taste buds rejoiced. If I wasn't classy I would have licked the cup. 

So, Culinary Dropout, I am in love. All I want to know is when we will meet again??? I'll be longing for you until that day.
Been here a handful of times now, and it's always an all around great experience. I love the decor, the fabulous chandeliers, the oversized chairs that make me feel like Alice in Wonderland in the tea party scene. But what I love the most is the food. Oh the glorious, tasty, want it in mah' belly-right-now food! Doesn't matter what you order, it's gonna be good.
So far, my favorite place for dinner in the area.
Tip- try the caramel custard desert
Tip- pretzel bun turkey pastrami
Tip- fried chicken n biscuits
Tip- Acai mojito

That is all
I can't believe that Culinary Dropout is rated so low.  Honestly, that sort of lends weight to the commonly-held belief that people in Arizona don't know food.  That is a terrible shame, though, because the Phoenix metropolitan area certainly does have some of the best food I have ever had in the country.  

Whenever possible, I try to give a restaurant a couple shots before giving it a review.  Since I don't live in Scottsdale it hasn't been easy to get back to Culinary Dropout for a second visit, but it was certainly worth the effort yet again.

Everyone raves about the "Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue", but it certainly lives up to the hype.  If I lived in Scottsdale, this would be the joint to gather with my friends for happy hour EVERY DAY just to eat these pretzels.

Personally, I have at least tasted the "Shaved Prime Rib Dip", "Pork Belly Cubano", "Gorgonzola Chicken Salad", "Fried Chicken", "Kurobuta Pork Ribs", "Bistro Steak" and "Caramel Corn".  Every single one of these dishes is generously portioned, packed with flavor, and unpretentious.  How refreshing to find a place with a menu broad enough to satisfy a large group of friends with varied palates at a really reasonable price.

The drinks are amazing.  Have them all, but start with "Dirty School Girl" and "Smashed Irishman".

And don't forget the pretzels...
THREE-AND-ONE-HALF STARS.

We were in Phoenix and wanted to catch a movie but needed to eat something other than styrofoam with yellow oil on it (movie popcorn), so we stuck our heads in this crowded restaurant and explained to the hostess/supermodel that we needed to be hasty and she found us a table and the waitress took our steak orders right away.  The steaks were good, we ate and were on our way.  Everything sorta fell into place; we were impressed.  Also it looked as if there was backline set up for a band maybe playing later that night.

How boring is THIS review?

Anyway, only been here once, want to try it again when I am in the vicinity, and have the time to relax and enjoy.
Our server was incredibly charming and encouraged us to order the pretzel/provolone fondue. I'm so glad we took his advice. It was delish!! Anything salty & with cheese is great in my book.

My girlfriends all ordered salads here for a late lunch. The portion size was fair and they salads weren't over-dressed.

I'm a big dessert person so I ordered the salted caramel custard & the apple monkey bread. 

The monkey bread was warm, soft and tasty. If you like apples in your dessert you'll love it. It wasn't as cinnamon-y as I would have personally liked.

The custard was divine. It's topped with caramel popcorn which I picked off. 

They have an outside patio seating area and indoor seating as well. Prices averaged around $10-12 per entree.
I haven't eaten here - but as a prospect - I want I want I want!

Great looking place, and beautiful seating on a covered patio.  Nice menu, bar, comfort-style food, and looks like a good place for drinks and meeting friends.

I will return, Culinary Dropout, so save a seat for me.  It will be mine.  Oh yes, it will be mine!!
I didnt know what to expect since this place replaced Pink Taco. Pink Taco looked like a cross between the set of Nacho Libre and an Elks Lodge. Well CD kept the Elks Lodge part and married it with Z Gallerie and I like it.  The waitstaff kind look out of place though..they look like they work at a country bar? Their gear doesnt really match the decor. 

Besides that.. service was great and the food.. OMG. Ill be honest there wasn't a whole lot that really called out to me.. but what I ordered.. who cares what else was on the menu? Started with the pretzel fondue. Doughy deliciousness dipped in cheese and good cheese.. NOT nacho cheese. My guy is STILL raving about it 2 months later! Then I went for the Sweet Corn Canelloni and it was good. Im talking "Last Meal" good!

This place is worth checking out, without question!
Apple Monkey Bread - amazing!
I've wanted to come here for a long time, and finally got the chance to! 

This place has a trendy, loud, modern vibe to it, I wasn't sure if we were going to like it since it was getting hard to hear the other person talk. But the food and our server (Bam-Bam aka Kyle) made up for it. It was Halloween weekend, and all the employees were dressed up in Halloween outfits.. 

It was the Bistro Steak with fries, house salad, Jalisco Flower, Strawberry Martini and cheese fondue made us fall in love with this place. The drinks were extremely strong, the steak very soft, tender, juicy, and fries were plentiful. The cheese fondue was addicting, and the salad was interesting since we've never seen salad served in such a small bowl like that. Kyle was on top of everything, and took great care of us. All for about $85, and a nice tip. For Scottsdale, I was thinking we'd probably get ripped off, but surprisingly, we didn't. We love the place!
Came here for a late night dinner with a visiting friend. It's definitely one of those trendy, modern restaurants you want to take your time eating at. The interior was adorned with cute couches and booths, good for a date or a girls night out!

First off, FREE PARKING garage near the valet booth!!! score!!

we decided to order two dishes and an appetizer to share. Little did we know the provolone fondue (our appetizer) came in hugeee portion, getting us full before our main dishes came out haha But of course, this didnt stop us for digging in. 

The kitchen was nice enough to split the meals on two plates before bringing it out. We got the fried chicken and biscuit as well as the turkey pastrami sandwich (pretzel bun! more pretzel!).

The fried chicken was really tender and juicy inside and out. Every bite pulled us in for another, despite the fact our stomachs were bulging out over our pants (exaggeration). Biscuit was a bit salty but eating it the next day as left over, the taste was just right. 

The sandwich was soo juicy. The combination of turkey, pastrami and pretzel just makes it a complete dish. I loved that there wasn't an overwhelming amount of meat. Tried dipping the entire sandwich in the provolone fondue...best decision of the night.

Im excited for another chance to go.Love to try their happy hour and have a taste of their live music!
I finally made it out to this place, and I'm so glad I did. I heard it was a good restaurant, but it surpassed my expectations. Very hip and energetic atmosphere. All of the servers were friendly and I felt very comfortable there. The soft pretzels and cheese fondue are a Must Have. So delicious! And their drink menu is ridiculously awesome. So many unique drinks.
Please excuse this review as I am writing it as I come to from my food coma. We just moved to Phoenix and at the time of dining we were not familiar with the Fox Restaurant Group. We happened upon CD on accident on a Tuesday night. I must say the place was pretty hoppin' for an early week night. We ordered the pretzels with fondue, the fried chicken and the steak. It was so good we didn't even speak to each other through the entire sitting. It was the kind of meal you don't mind having indigestion after because you get the pleasure of re tasting the deliciousness. Gross, I know, but you know what I'm talking about! The server we had was as good as a ghost. We never wanted for anything but he left us alone. I wasn't super crazy about the monkey bread but my honey ate it like we hadn't had a ridiculously large meal 15 minutes before. I'd kinda like to shave off like a 1/4 of a star because the staff was ultra trendy/Indie as were a majority of the patrons. They looked like H&M and Urban Outfitters threw up all over them but if that's the gimmick I'm ok with it since the food was so amazing.
My husband and I took my mom here for dinner on Thursday night. We started off with the suggested Pretzel/Fondue app. My mom wanted to try the bread and oil as well. HOLY CARBS. It was amazing tho. I was pretty full before dinner even came.
 Not a huge menu, so My mom ordered the shrimp salad-grilled, not fried like it comes, I ordered the Chicken Salad and my husband ordered the Italian Salad ( I think it was called that) 
The pretzel app was amazing. The fondue tasted so amazing I could eat it every day haha. The oil for the bread had a sweet balsamic at the bottom and it was amazing, one of the best Ive had. 
The salads were awesome. My husband said the best salad hes had in a long time. My mom and I liked ours as well.
Husband also got a purple haze, which is a beer he said he has only seen in Denver, so he was happy about that. 
We sat on the patio (even tvs with the game on it) and the heaters were on, man we live in AZ. for sure.
We had a great time. I would def. suggest it. The only thing I didnt love was the music was super loud at times, then would get quieter, then super loud, so it was hard to talk, even outside, but I will still be back. Great Place.
Tried Culinary Dropout for the first time and liked it very much!  They had some really yummy-sounding cocktails, but I tried one of their Mojito's and liked it!  Their antipasto choices are great and you could just make a meal out of a few of those and their great bread.  The sweet corn enchiladas were delicious and their version of the French Dip was just as good.  My only complaint... the wine list is weak.
Good food and comfortable atmosphere.

That's for those that just need to scan real fast for the best parts.

Fondue with pretzel bread dippers were awesome.  I had the warm Italian grinder.  I really like the meats, peppers, cheese and bread but prefer my hot/warm sandwiches do not have any lettuce or tomatoes on it.  It was not mentioned on the menu so I'm warning you now.  I liked the fries, skinny and crispy.

I also tried a bite of the shaved prime rib dip and really liked it.  Other items I had a bite of: the MAC burger had quality meat but was over cooked.

We sat outside, it was the first week of November, gotta love this desert for this reason alone.  We were very comfortable and served very well by a handsome gentleman but for the life of me I cannot remember his name.  He had tattooed arms.  Oh wait, so did other servers.  They all seemed nice.

I will be back Dropout.
Why, why, why come to Scottsdale on vacay and eat in a PF Changs or some other chain you have at home? I don't get it. There's a PF's on the same block as Dropout and the choice should be clear. Even though Culinary Dropout is part of the mega Fox Restaurant Concepts group, it is unique and definitely worth a try.

Everyone has said it, but I'll say it again: pretzel and fondue ... uh, yeah! Get it, dip it, love it. 

The prime rib dip sandwich (there's a dipping theme going on here, isn't there?) was terrific, too ... great quality prime rib. House made pickled peppers were perfectly pungent ... not sure if Peter Piper picked them. 

Located at Scottsdale's Fashion Plaza, this is a fun place to land after you've shopped in the ubiquitous megastores and are ready for something truly uncommon.
Amazing food, drinks, and service. Mike was the server, pretzel fondue for an app, fried chix and pork belly Cuban for the meal. Best fried chix I have ever had. Five plus stars. Only thing that would make it better is if it was locally owned.
What a great dining experience! They have very unique drink selections for starters - I had the Acai Mojito and it was luscious! My date had the Purple Haze beer (New Orleans) and enjoyed as well. We started off w/drinks and then ordered the soft pretzels w/cheese dip - yummmy! We both ordered the Shaved Prime Rib sandwich and were pretty blown away w/the taste - superb! Too full for dessert - perhaps next time? Our waiter (can't remember his name) was awesome was very speedy, answered all of our questions and took our picture from his new iPhone and texted it as a souvenir. :) Don't bother w/valet either - just park your car yourself in the garage for free.
Awesome place to start or end your night.  The staff were great and worked with our large group.  The drink menu is extensive and unique.  Every food item our group ordered was slam-packed with flavor.  Would recommend this place to all as your next night out, I will definitely visit again.
I went to Culinary Dropout while on vacation. The food, service and ambiance was fantastic. I only wish I lived in Scottsdale so I could return weekly!
We were looking for a place to enjoy Happy Hour in downtown Scottsdale and Culinary Dropout came at the suggestion of the Concierge at the Valley Ho.

Having never been there before, we decided to give it a try, but unfortunately don't ever see ourselves  returning.  We just didn't get a good vibe from the place from the minute we walked in -  (very stark and non descriptive in decor) and it was virtually empty with the exception of a few tables the entire time we were there.

While the bartender was nice - he was very young and inexperienced.  We ordered the Manchego cheese and Capiccola from the happy hour menu and a bottle of Malbec.  Flavoring of both cheese and Capiccola were very good. 

Bartender encouraged to try the Fried Chicken, which he touted as their most popular entree - but we declined and decided to keep on our exploration of another local restaurant we'd yet to try.

They may also be dealing with a sewer problem.  I used the restroom and the smell in there was atrocious!

Appears to be a place that might cater to the young Scottsdale crowd wannabees.
My boyfriend is a student at ASU and every time I come to visit, we ALWAYS have to come to culinary dropout. The cheese pretzel fondue is to die for, you have to order it as an appetizer! 

Everything that I've tried is amazing. Fried chicken is always a favorite. Last time I tried the butternut squash cannelloni... It was so fresh and flavorful. One of my favorite dishes now. 

You have to go!!!
Pretty space, great outdoor  seating, bad service, and so-so food. Our waitress was apathetic at best, let's leave it at that. 

The best thing on the menu is the $2 crusty bread and good olive oil. It's to die for. Almost Tartine (SF) status. I love the antipasti set up - you can order a series of small bites to share while waiting on your main courses, and they'll serve them all up on one platter with side plates. We ordered the aforementioned bread, some Humboldt Fog (oh so good), beets, olives, and asparagus, and everything was delicious.

Then things started going downhill. The Italian chopped salad is seriously weak - the ingredients aren't actually chopped, it's surprisingly gloopy from the preserved bell peppers and artichoke hearts they had added in, and despite the multitude of ingredients, it didn't really taste like anything. The ricotta gnocchi had an overpowering amount of sausage, and there were more mushroom bits than gnocchi.  The trout was alright, nothing impressive. The fish and chips looked really good, but again, kind of flavorless. The only thing really up to snuff was the Pub Burger, which I would definitely recommend. 

This place is probably cool on a Saturday night, but I would just recommend ordering carefully and finding a waitress who is knowledgable about and can advise you on the menu.
First time there, and the fried chicken was one of the best I have had.  The sides of mashed potatoes and gravy, with biscuits, were less than stellar, however.  Nevertheless, the staff was friendly, and the chicken was great.
Great vibe good food and perfect location to chill. Must go! We were on a girls trip and happened on this place from a recommendation from a local patron. We had a great time people watching, eating amazing food, and drinking incredible wine all the way up to closing time.
Will go any day - any time of day - and any time.
Culinary Dropout is a fantastic place to eat! The interior is very rocker complete with  stage for bands, interesting and yummy food, with an array of beers  and amazing food! If you decide to go (which I don't know why you wouldn't ) try their monkey bread for dessert, it is to die for!
i dunno what the deal is...but i was not terribly impressed with the pretzel fondue. the food was actually nothing to write home about. however...the adult beverages were superb! bacon infused bloody mary? hell yes! if you're a gin fan (and i am) then you must try velvet death. that's it, end of review.
We waited for 45 minutes, and during that time I noticed that a) I was the only under-50 rocking glasses and b) my chest-zone was neither big nor uncovered enough to blend with the Friday night crowd and c) too many people were ordering salads. Oh, Scottsdale.

I protested by drinkin' a boozy bourbon mix drink and eating my weight in pretzel (both in fondue and sandwich-bun form).  

And, despite my geriatric eyewear and comparably lacking lady lumps, one of the sweetie boys working there gave us a custardy caramely dessert with popcorn on top, which my friend generous pretended to share when, in actuality, she watched me ninja my spoon through more than 70% of it.

Good thing he couldn't see my post-pretzel food baby. I doubt he would have bothered being charming at all.
Every time I've gone here, usually week nights, there's always an initial and pungent smell of vomit possibly from last nights lets-go-have-dinner-turn-crazy-night-on-the-town vibe I get from this place.

Once I overcame the smell and was seated from the strangely under-dressed hostess, our waiter came to get our order in an even stranger bandana jean look that was very curious.

We started with the pretzel Gouda fondue appetizer.  Very gooey and delicious as expected, maybe too much salt, but gooey and delicious.  He had the salmon and I tried the French Dip.  The salmon was delicious and none was left on the plate.  I'm a sucker for French Dips, the one's that melt in your mouth and have a great au jus.  I was sadly disappointed here.  To start, a strange mayo based dressing is applied liberally giving the, what I would assume is the most tender and juicy, roast beef a strange creamy taste and texture that is not pleasant.  The au jus is a strong french onion soup that does not go well with the sandwich. 

Overall I felt the place tries too hard to be different, too hard to be the cool place in town.  The food was a 4 (the salmon was truly excellent), the environment was a 2...I split the difference.
The Culinary Dropout , you get the best of both worlds. The food is off the hook (it's great) ,the service, these ladie's and guy's take care of your every need, and as a added bonus you have some of the best performers in Phoenix, entertaining you while you dinne.....Check it out....Bluesman Mike
I ordered the fish and chips, the fries and chips tasted good but it was not fried properly, the fish kept falling apart when I picked it up and the fries were limp. Who was in charge of the fryer anyway; a dropout? Lol
First and foremost I would like to say that the pretzel fondue is amazing...although it is something familiar that I have tasted before so I wouldnt go out of your way to go here. Their drink combinations are pretty good. Their food is small portions for the price! Atmosphere is unique and almost every table has a different set of chairs and style which is different. 

The reason I am giving Culinary a terrible review in stars is because my poor boyfriend got food poisoning from the Beef Stroganoff! We came into AZ to re visit my college town and friends and he was out all day saturday, most of sunday, and still not up to par on Monday! I realize this was not their fault that their food was possibly contaminated, however, it was the aftermath that I was unhappy with...

I called the restaurant to talk to the manager....he didnt seem to sympathetic with saying things like "did he go to the hospital?" or "I served 27 of that dish Saturday Night and I have not had one complaint yet.".....definitely not looking for any type of discount but with working in customer service for 10 years that is NOT the way to handle things. He was proceeding to tell me the length of time it can take and how it could have been from something earlier that day or the night before...really?! Needless to say even though I did not feel sick from the food I will NEVER return to this restaurant again!!! I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone!
This place gets HIGH marks in my book!! I have been twice and I really don't know when I would stop.  I've had a few things on the menu (
soft pretzels & provolone Fondue, 
Chicken Curry, 
36 Hour pork rib, 
Butternut squash Cannelloni, and Bistro Steak).  All were extremely delicious and fantastic!!  We shared plates and the chef split the portions up for us. WOW!! As far as drinks go, my fave has to be the Acai Mojito.  It's one of those drinks that taste so good and before you know you are having number 3 and BOOM your drunk. LOL! 

The salty caramel desert is DIVINE!! Creamy custard goodness!!

I highly RECOMMEND this place! The decor is unique, mismatch furniture  and extravagant chandeliers. GENIUS!
great place, great food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great service, tons of fake body parts. No parking.
I came by for cocktail week and they were offering St. Germain drinks. One was basically the same cocktail suggested by St. Germain, so we didn't bother. The other was a bit too sweet for my tastes. Our bartender sneaked us a taste of Ransom Old Tom Gin and it was the most glorious thing to ever touch my lips. 

The food was a bit pricey and they had some mildly interesting menu items. Much of what I imagined someone who couldn't hack culinary school would make. 

Par for the course.
Culinary Dropout.. what do I do with you?  I love coming here for some day drinking.  The ambiance day and night says you need to come eat, drink, and be merry with me, but the food doesn't fully live up.

I followed another yelpers suggestion on the olive oil and crusty bread which was great.  I got some olives to go with it.  The shaved prime rib dip was okay.  The french onion soup was just a bit too viscous.  The gnocchi my gf got was really dry, but I remember another time it being awesome.

The different cocktails are fanciful and tasty.  I'm usually a scotch on the rocks person, but their acai mojito and bloody marys are great wake me ups.

Ambiance + Drinks are great.  Food is meh.  Figure out what you want to do, but I say stop by for a drink and some apps.. then maybe make your way down to herb box or fnb.
Management was unwilling to work with us while planning a birthday dinner. They said they do not take reservations and we could call ahead when we were on our way. We called ahead and the guy who answered the phone said that they are really busy and can't fit us in. Very disappointing.
Culinary Dropout has a fun and energetic atmosphere for a nice night out. The inside seating can be a little too noisy, especially depending on your party size. However, I sat outside with a group of % and it was very nice. I have only been once but everyone at my table all ordered different things and each person enjoyed their meal thoroughly. The prices are what I expected since it is located by Fashion Square in Scootsdale. The service was decent. The server seemed to have a slight attitude which always bothers me because I used to be a server and am nothing but nice to the staff at restaurants. Howver, they have a fairly extensive bar menu so i cannot wait to go back for happy hour! Fox restaurants never seem to disappoint me!
[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]

Hipster's Only, should read the sign outside of this place.

All the fellas had plaid on and all the girls were hipster/clubby as AZ seemed to be. Great vibe...they definitely were going for a SF look and feel. The huge chandeliers had me entranced. I absolutely loved the Hodge podge of furniture at all the different tables. The dark purple wall colors gave the place a gloomy, hipster vibe...

You know how someone keeps talking about something after it's happened...well I was that person!! Thanks to Culinary Dropout I've been tainted with the BEST Monkey Bread to date!!

This place was crackin' on a Saturday night. Being a newbie to AZ, we had no idea where we should eat, but the name in itself is pretty awesome. Culinary Dropout...hmm, since they dropped out should I trust it?!?

I'm glad we sauntered in, even though it was a 30+ minute wait...I'm glad we roughed it out! We ordered a drink at the bar to kill the time. The girls loved the 8% Blueberry Cider. I went for the usu, Coconut Ciroc and RB. 

Finally, we were seated. Our server was so busy, we had a pseudo server for a little bit, he brought us waters and our menus. Then sauntered over Jameson, our fun waiter. Fun guy, very entertaining.

We stared with the Pretzel bread & Provolone Fondue and an order of oysters (or something slimy in a shell).  The pretzel nuggets of goodness were tasty, lightly salted (I wiped all mine off). The provolone came in a cute little caldron looking thing...the texture was smooth and creamy. I loved the complimentary taste of the cheese to pretzel. The cheese wasn't overbearing, as many fondue types can be. According to the girls, the oysters were good...I'll take their word for it.

I ordered the Breaded Shrimp Caesar Salad (thanks Lent). I was pleasantly surprised by the dish. The breaded shrimp seemed on the smaller side, I almost mistook them for croutons. The flavor was good, as was the dressing they use. The portion was huge, as was the flavor...so I was a happy camper. I cheated and took a bite of the meatloaf, which was fantastic. Who doesn't love comfort food?!? The Asparagus salad was wimpy and I felt bad for my friend who ordered it...it was weak for sure!

I'd been waiting all meal for the desert. Monkey bread is top of the food porn chain. I was giddy like a 5 year old school girl! This warm desert was so good, I can barely describe it. Perfect pillows of sweetness, but not too sweet, with a hint of cinnamon. Buttery and light, but full of flavor, this desert was ON POINT! The ice cream was served in a separate dish, so it didn't melt because of how warm the monkey bread was, well played CD.

I'm glad they dropped out of culinary school!
I still have dreams about the Monkey-Bread dessert!!!!!!!!!!

This place was pretty awesome in terms of ambiance, good vibes, cool live music, fun app's, a great and savory meatloaf, and an awesome dessert called: Monkey-bread!
This yummy goodness was ooooooey, gooey, and had ice cream on the side- Must I say more???? Give it a whirl and your tastebuds will thank you later and then you can go ahead and send me a thank you after you indulge in this lovely dessert!
My wife and I enjoyed dinner here recently. She had a few of the Acai Mojitos and I had a Moscow Mule. Both were well prepared and tasty. We shared the beef stroganoff and curry chicken for our entrees. The egg noodles in the bs were homemade and melted in our mouth. The curry was spicy and overwhelmed the dish a bit. 

We went here for the food and to catch some live music. It had a nice vibe and was teeming with a youngish singles scene. 

Well worth the time and money.
Food was pretty good, but I'll NEVER go again for dinner. I went to Culinary Dropout on a Saturday night -- there was a live band, but they were WAY too loud, and pretty terrible. We had to shout at our waitress, and still she had trouble hearing us and vice versa. I literally couldn't have a conversation with the person sitting across the table from me.

The "vibe" was interesting. Half the fun was looking at all of the obscurely dressed "alternative" crowd that was eating there. Many of the patrons seemed to give off the "my world is a dark abyss and my parents just don't understand me" aura. Unfortunately, I could not share my quippy observations with anyone else at my table, given the noise. The decor was pretty abhorrent, and the restaurant was uncomfortably cold (it was nighttime in early February), given that they left all the doors and windows open.

I had the trout, which was very tasty. Additionally, the pretzel bites with fondue appetizer was VERY good. At the end of the day though, I'd rather eat at Wendy's were I can actually converse, than some hipster joint where I can't hear anything other than a jazz musician (who didn't seem to fit the scene... he was the only non-white I could spot in the crowd) eating the microphone and playing the harmonica (poorly) at 10,000 deciles.
You can't see it because Im writing....... But this Smile.....Ear to Fucking Ear!!! Im going to start with Dessert, because Im still smiling!!

I literally was moaning and laughing at how good this shit was. Salted Caramel with house made caramel popcorn. WTF indeed. So good. And I Skeet in my G-Star Briefs.

Pastrami Turkey Sand on a Pretzel Roll. Sounded Basic, tasted great! It ranks at my #2 sandwich of all time right behind the Muffelatta from central grocery store in the Dump that is New Orleans. A pile of warm and tender Turkey Pastrami, better than beef Pastrami, with cheese and coleslaw. Its piled high on a Buttery, Savory, Hot, Warm and slightly chewy Pretzel roll.  

Everything else I had was forgettable..... Roasted Beats were WEAK! 36 hour ribs were fair and the Cubano Sandwich was below expectations.

So, we have this line cook or chef, can't quite figure it out, with passion. He has spikes sticking out of his scalp and extending 18" 's out like a weapon. A guy who looks like he should be doing my Tattoo the next time I knock someone out in the ring (Boxing) not gay ass MMA. Sorry! A Brunette waitress who is thick, not fat,  and pretty damn good looking seemed to float across the floor and was kinda exotic looking. There were some other waitresses there that were easy on the pupils too. A blonde with major hip swing. Tom, my waiter....pretty cool, kinda funny. I like him because hge suggested the Mouth-Gasm dessert. I thought he said it came in a shot glass, it came in a rocks glass, I bitched for a second, and ate almost the whole thing. Tjhis smart ass Tom says " Well, you did not have trouble finishing it" that was funny as shit. I said " I did not say I couldnt, I did not want to" 

Good Place. Go.
Good food but possibly the slowest service ever.  Would not go back.
I like the alternative atmosphere and decor with lots of different style seating areas.  There is a good selection of beer and high-end bar food.  The happy hour prices are good but the portions are smaller than the full-priced counterparts.  Try the "Beer in a Bag" to entertain yourself and your friends.  I would give a higher rating but the service is somewhat spotty.  I've had good servers there but have also had several with poor skills and attitude.
Had an amazing meal! We were seated right away, however, it was a Sunday night and it was 5:30pm. I ordered the trout, it was fantastic! My friends had the meatloaf, steak and ribs. All had great reviews. The desserts were equally as fabulous! Service was great. Only complaint, it was too dark in the restaurant. I will go back!
HORRIBLE... underscore HORRIBLE.  While visiting Scottsdale we happened upon the Culinary Dropout on the corner of an upscale shopping area.  Our waiter highly recommened the Fried Chicken and the Rainbow Trout.  UGH!   The Fried Chicken was too greasy and upon slicing into a piece a river of grease poured out.   My rainbow trout was dry and overcooked with a hard crust on the outside.  It required using a knife to cut into the fish... who ever heard of such a need with a delictable fish.  On top of the fish were green beans from your grocers freezer section and a handful of sliced almonds and voila!!! you have a $19.00 dish without flavor, delicate  texture, and care in the cooking.  These dropouts should be fired or sent to retake  their highschool Home Economics class. I give this restaurant a thumbs down .  There are so many other wonderful restaurants in Scottsdale with fun ambiance to enjoy.... don't bother stopping here.
You have to try their Fondue if you go here. Pretzels are fresh, soft, and the cheese is amazing. Their fried chicken tastes good, but is a huge portion. My favorite entree here is their rainbow trout. It is seasoned well and a huge portion.
I am not a fan of a lot of their specialty drinks. I've had better mixed drinks elsewhere.
Ambiance is nice, but can get very loud certain nights.
Wanted a place to hang out on a Saturday night with a cool bar. This was it. I had stopped in here once before on a bike pub crawl but we were drinking the sponsored beer. So I didn't get to sample some of their cocktails. 

The decor is cool and stylish, and yet doesn't look like it's trying too hard. The oversized chandeliers fit right in. The bar is very cool-has both sides accessible to indoor/outdoor seating and their cocktail menu is organized by your favorite libations. If you prefer gin/vodka drinks, there's a section for those. Scotch? Tequila? Yup a section for those. I tried the Velvet Death and the lil icharus. My friend ordered the Hall Pass and the Smashed Irishman (the velvet death and hall pass were our two favorites). The drinks aren't cheap, around $10 each but they pack a punch so at least you feel you're getting your money's worth. 

Our bartender was attentive and witty and proceeded to put two guys in their place after they commented about her pouring methods. Rock on.
Overall, a pretty good restaurant with a cool atmosphere and decent food. I had a good time here but waiting about 1 hour for a table.  

baby back rib entre was very good!
First time here. In short-
1. Soft pretzel with provolone fondue- excellent. 
2. 32 hour ribs- salty but yum!
3. Salted caramel custard- nothing like I've ever had but I would definitely do it again. 
Bottom line- I should have tried this place earlier, because it'd probably be a place I would go often
Wow, I'm back here again! Enjoyed cocktails and live music with some friends on Saturday night. I thought our out-of-town guests might like this place and I was glad when they immediately commented about how cool and pretty the bar was. That's one of the reasons I really like it here.
I went for the Velvet Death again, it was so good last time, but this time the bartender squeezed a lemon rind over the glass so that the citric acid sparked and emitted a wonderful lemon scent. How cool! Thank you!
My girlfriend took my recommendation on the Hall Pass and our guys went with manly beers. Great place!
"Bring earplugs with your tastebuds"

We came here for my wife and mom's birthday for dinner and let's say we were not prepared for the high decibel ambiance.  We had what was recommended from Michelle L. and other reviews.  
1. Soft pretzel with provolone fondue - 4 stars.
2. 32 hour ribs - 4 stars
3. Salted caramel custard - 5 stars. 
4. Sausage and mushroom Gnocchi - 3 star

After walking in you have beautiful chandeliers and modern decor.  There is a stage for live band music which we sat in front of.  Thankfully we were finished with our meal before the band began.  We could hardly hear our waiter and he had difficult time hearing us as well.  

Although there was a good crowd in the restaurant and they didn't mind the noise level, but noise level was too high and distracting for us which the food was not able to overcome.  If the chef or owner was truly a culinary dropout, it was because he couldn't hear the instructions in class.  

If you find this review useful, funny, or cool please check accordingly.
What a lovely place for lunch - I've only eaten here once but the experience was memorable. The patio has a relaxing atmosphere - very loungy and good for sipping wine in the afternoon. My girl friend and I Iingered for a while as were able to admire the unique and gothic style interior design of the restaurant through the inside/outside bar and also watch people walking by on the sidewalk. 

I have a feeling we ordered the two best appetizers on the menu - the mussels and the smoked salmon. Both portions were bigger than we expected - definitely enough for two famished (and by that time quite tipsy) girls. The salmon plate was nothing short of delightful - each part of it complimented the whole dish nicely. 

I wish to goodness I could remember the name of our sweet waitress who was very attentive but never pushy and even gave us some advice as to places to shop nearby. Although I'm not entirely keen on Fox restaurants in Tucson, it seems he may put more effort into his places in Scottsdale  - pat on the back for you, Sam.
I have a very small list of absolute favorite places to go... and Culinary Dropout has made the list.  

I was reading a tagline by another user right before I started this and it said that a restaurant is only as good as its worst dish.  If there is a bad dish at CD, I have not found it.  

Before dinner I enjoyed one of their signature drinks called Velvet Death.  If you want a really fun evening, be sure to have a couple of those and secure a cab ride ahead of time.  

Velvet Death is as smooth as its name... it is like slipping into a warm bath.  It is cool, it is refreshing, it has a great citrus flavor to it and the absinthe in it, doesnt hurt either. 

I also enjoyed the pretzel fondue which was a recommendation from the waiter... yeah.... I would suggest you give that a go, but I am sure you will find other amazing appetizers as well.

We got to CD early for dinner... this is critical on two fronts, first, we could easily get a table and second I could order the Korean spiced Rib-eye cap, which is limited in daily availability.  If you can get it, do, it is most certainly worth having... actually, I dont think I have ever had a better cut of meat. 

The service is terrific and the atmosphere is definitely a lot of fun.  Our waiter was always spot on on his recommendations and very attentive.

Sadly there is a bit of a downside to this place:  It is in the heart of Scottsdale and the clientele in the restaurant was on the whole the very stereotypical self-centered, pompous, rude, snobbery that after growing up in Scottsdale I used to claim was false... having lived outside of the bubble for a while I can tell you that the crowd is overall pretty disgusting.  The herd of 20k millionaires and other nefarious customers does tend to make the atmosphere a bit loud because these people do want everyone else to know just how "amazing" they are and how "wonderful" their life is.  Culinary Dropout of course can not do anything about the people who choose to come and enjoy their fare, but be prepared for it... is is a cultural experience in its own.  Have a few drinks of Velvet Death and you may even find it a bit amusing.
Just like everyone said, this place is loud.

So I went on a date here and it actually helped. My date had to sit next to me for us to even carry a conversation so that was nice. The service was good, our waiter was very sociable and had many suggestions. Now to the food.

We got the pretzels with cheese and honestly, I prefer the mall pretzels with cheese. The salmon was also only okay. The drinks were refreshing but I was really turned off by how dark and loud the place was. Was definitely over hyped for me, probably wouldnt go back
Tasty, trendy, and a decent price. I do think that the ambiance and beautiful people could make the food somehow taste a little better than it really is but I could be wrong. We ate the pretzels and I tried the french onion soup. That soup was NOT good at all. It was sweet and had the weirdest aftertaste. I don't know what they did to it but it was not what I was expecting. I don't know about you but when I order a french onion soup, I expect salty, beef brothy, oniony, cheesy, and hot. Not sweet..and weird. I do have to say, the server could tell I was trying to eat it, and took it off the tab! Very nice. Half of the table ordered the meatloaf. Random thing to want to order, but it was absolutely delicious. I scarfed the entire plate and was ready to lick it.
Came here with high hopes but ultimately left a little bland. The pretzels were pretty good, the food was aight, but it wasn't anything super extraordinary. Wish I could say more, but sadly wasn't very impressed...
Great staff to serve as your menu and libation sherpa - which is definitely needed. 

Had a few of the signature dishes - pretzels (not enough cheese for all the pretzels), ribs, fried chicken and salted carmel pudding. All were good with interesting flavores but the fried chicken and carmel pudding with caramel popcorn on top were by far the best. The mashed p's and gravy were marginal. 

The drinks were great - creative ingredients and names. Went for lunch so can't comment about crowd and volume but the decor is pretty sweet so would definitely want to come back for the evening partay.
Let me say first that I have and currently work in the restaurant industry, both as front and back of house.

The food was very good, as I would expect from a fox concept. We shared the pretzel fondue and the pork belly Cuban. The both were great and came very quickly (I am a sucker for all things pork belly) 

The food alone made it a 4 star( a bit pricey but it IS Scottsdale fashion) however the atrocious service made for a 2 star review.

Our server started off ok, greeted us and got our drink orders (a couple of iced teas) then brought the drinks and took our food order. Had I known that getting a refill wouldn't happen I would have paced myself to really savor it.

When our food was ready out server simply handed it over the community bench ( and over my girlfriends head and shoulder) rather than walking it around table side. This seemed downright lazy, and a bit risky and one of the items was steaming fondue for the pretzels.

We didn't see the server again for the duration of the meal, no check in on the food, and my glass sat completely the whole meal. Now I am not afraid to ask for what I need, nor do I need/expect constant attention; however our server was MIA and all the other staff was hanging out by the expo/hostess stand and I wasn't about to go chasing someone down.

Finally when the server reappeared it was to drop the check, then he was kind enough to ask about the refill as he took my card and brought to go boxes.  The last straw was when rather than offering help packing up the to go he dropped the boxes and ran. This left my girlfriend to handle the cast iron mini-pot of fondue ( which held over a tea light was very hot) luckily years of hot pans in kitchens have left my fingers able to handle hot things. I don't see how most people would not burn themselves, seemed like an unsafe practice to me.

Left a 10% tip which is as close as I get to stiffing a server. Having worked in their shoes and seeing servers on the other side of the pass really working their but I generally aim for 20%-25% grat.

Most likely will not return, and will be a little wary of any Sam Fox place I haven't been before.

Recommend any of the other fine Scottsdale eateries in the area just not this Fox concept.
If you're considering trying this place out DON'T!  The management is rude, the ambience is bad and the prices are out of line for portion and quality.
Let me just say that if I lived ANYWHERE NEAR Scottsdale, I'd eat here several times a week. I've eaten here twice and loved it both times. The food is amazing and creative and the staff is fun and efficient. The mozzarella and heirloom tomato salad was perfect and the seared tuna salad was a mix of amazing flavors. I had to stop myself from licking the bowl. 
I work in Scottsdale a few times a year for less than 24 hours at a time, but I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
First of all, I'm immediately intrigued by any place that has roasted beets AND caramel corn on the menu (as separate dishes, mind you).  Culinary Dropout is not your typical restaurant.  The menu items are creative but not so far out that the food isn't enjoyable.  I loved the crispy shrimp ceasar salad.  They include kale and lemon zest for an interesting twist.  And yes, I tried the roasted beets and caramel corn.  Both were delicious!

As for the decor - meh.  Its appeal is missed on me.  However, I did appreciate the friendly wait staff with their colorful tatoos and piercings.  I liked the fact that the restaurant tries to be different.  It does it well.
I love this place! If you haven't been to Culinary Dropout yet, What are you waiting for?
I am a repeat offender of this joint and have had almost everything on the menu. The space is well designed and decorated, but it's pretty dark inside. It's also a nice touch with the open kitchen. There is one chef with an amazingly fierce Mo'hawk. On my most recent visit, I had the Fried Chicken. Not really a fried chicken fan, but it was delicious. It was basically half a Chicken accompanied with buttermilk biscuits. Now let's talk drinks. There are some pretty creative drinks on the menu.My favorite is Whiskey based Smashed Irishman. Some days of the weeks this place can get really loud from the live bands they feature.
They have really great service and it's a nice place. Mussels were great. But it's a little over priced for the over all selection and quality of the food.
Went here for lunch. The service was great.  I liked the chopped salad I shared.  I also ordered the Pub burger.  It was okay- nothing great. I don't think I'll be rushing back.
For our first time we had a great time! Our server was very knowledgable about the menu especially the drink menu. Culinary Dropout has to have some off the most creative drinks I've seen in a while. Everyone mentioned the pretzels on Yelp and they were right! The cheese sauce was velvety and delicious and the pretzel bites had the perfect texture. My girlfriend and I both couldn't finish our sandwiches because they are pretty big. I will definitely be going back to try the charcuterie menu.
I'm late to the Culinary Dropout party... really late!  But better late than never.  I'm not really sure why it took me so long to head to CD, especially considering I live and work within a half mile, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed my first meal here.  (Thanks Todd F suggesting we dine here, and for forcing me into sharing the soft pretzels with provolone fondue app).

Speaking of, do not miss the soft pretzels with provolone fondue... it's worth the extra calories for the fluffy, cheesy, heavenly goodness!  I'm already dreaming of returning to have more of these!  Following our shared app, I went with the Chopped Vegetable Salad.  Considering Culinary Dropout is a Fox Restaurant Concept, I was half expecting this salad to be the same as the one they serve at Sauce.  Afterall, the description on the menu is exactly the same as the Sauce version.  But it doesn't do it justice!  In addition to the "asparagus, corn, and avocado," this version has artichokes, pistachios, and a sweet honey dijon vinaigrette.  I had them add shrimp to it as well, and it was incredibly fresh, delicious, and filling.  I'd totally return and order exactly the same thing since I loved it so much.

Hannah was our server and she was awesome.  She was friendly and informed us of specials right off the bat (including prices).  She also mentioned that they serve Pepsi products, which I typically find that servers neglect to tell you; especially if you're a Coke person!  Todd and I both had Arnold Palmers to drink, and Hannah (and the other CD staff) made sure we constantly had refills - I was even given a refill to go, which was much appreciated.

Overall, I had a great experience at Culinary Dropout.  It may have taken me two and half years (since they opened), but I will likely add this place to my regular lunch location and be there again soon.  Anyone up for lunch at CD tomorrow?!
It was my first time and I must say it won't be my last. Scot the manager and logan were very helpful. I had the pretzels and fondu wow !! I had the turkey pastrami and it was so moist ! The bun was delicious and the vibe is so cool. I must say weather might be hot but the people are COOL. THANKS
Went there for Father's Day....and a place that I have been wanting to go to for awhile.  Several friends of ours have gone and highly recommended the honey drizzle chicken...and OMG! It is the best restaurant fried chicken that I have ever had!  We also had the beef stroganoff which was very tasty and started the whole meal off with the soft pretzels with provolone cheese....WOW! What an appetizer!  Can't wait to return to try other stuff on their menu!
I was here over Memorial Weekend with my friend. We waited 10 minutes and got a great table outside.
Our server was so friendly and helped up with suggestions. We probably ordered to much, but some how we did manage to eat it all.
I highly recommend their burrata. It was the 2nd best I've ever had. And we had 2 different meats & the olives. The serving sizes on the meats was very generous given the price. the olives were delish too.
Give this place a try if you haven't yet. Also, the decor is really cool.
Finally made it up to Culinary Dropout and glad I did! I was surprised to see so much menu crossover from other Fox establishments but that didn't stop our table from sharing those famous little pretzels with fondue. Mains were good but nothing mind blowing. The desserts were the shining stars.  I'm glad we had friends to split the chocolate torte & caramel pudding with because I really don't think I'd be able to choose beween the two.
We went on a Saturday night. Mistake #1. We waited almost 2 hours and then the girl said she paged us when she clearly did not and we had to wait longer. Finally it was determined that our pager was not working...really annoying. They didn't even bother to apologize. 

As for the food - wow! The pretzels were amazing! The beer was good too. I would definitely go again - just on a different night. The servers in the restaurant was nice enough. Parking is ample and they have live music on Saturday nights. It seemed more like a bar type of atmosphere based on the amount of flirting/pick up lines going on.

All in all this place would receive 4 stars if the service wasn't so terrible up front. The food is really good, but there is no reason to be snobby about it!
Say what you want about form preceding function in the west-coast restaurant scene (and you'd be right), but Fox RC knows what they're doing. All of their restaurants are well-designed, well-staffed and well-fooded. [The notable exception being Olive & Ivy, which I feel is like the gorgeous girl at the party who talks a lot, but really shouldn't].

Culinary Dropout is one of Fox's best and, so far, most unique productions. It's a beautiful contradiction. Trashy class, unrefined elegance. And it's confident, in both its design and cuisine. The Fish and Chips (with a PBR of course) were the best I've had in my entire life, and not by a little.

But CD is not for every person, nor for every occasion. Establishments with this much arrogance forfeit the luxury of being able to rub everyone the right way. Generally, I don't see it as a "girls night out" destination or a place you'd go for Mom's birthday. Then again, I'm sure there are some classy women out there who'd appreciate the paper-bagged Pabst as much as I do.  CD is something to be experienced, at least once, even if you decide afterward that it's not your cup of tea. Stop by for dinner or drinks, appreciate the place for what it is,  and know that the menu means "crusty bread" in the best way possible.

Cheers
Went here for lunch on a Friday (in the summer) and was able to be seated right away with a party of four.  The atmosphere in the place is really fun, and the beer list is pretty unique!  (A few beers you won't find at many places, and a few I hadn't even heard of!)  There was a good amount of seating outside as well with the misters going so plenty of space!

I had the sweet corn cannelloni and it was amazing!  I would go here again just for that dish!  My husband had the pub burger and he said it was very good as well.  The portion sizes are great, the plating looks like a high-end place, and the waiters were really nice and helpful with selecting from the menu when we had questions.  The price is not too cheap, but not too expensive...think a few bucks more than a Chili's or Applebees, but with WAY better food!

I'll definitely go again, and would recommend it!
Pretty good food, service is average. I had drink with ginger beer in it (name escapes me) but it was excellent!
We had a great meal here!
I started with the cheap salad as I was craving salad.  HIt the spot.
Hubby started with smashed irishman drink and loved.  He moved onto a draft beer.
I moved onto Fish and Chips-they were light and just the right size.
Hubby had beef stroganoff-he said it was tasty.
We ended with the fabulous salted caramel-my fav thing of the night.
I think the bill was $62 before tip-pretty reasonable to me.
Cuinary Dropout is alice and wonderland, a purple room Beyonce would have in her house, and Elton John. Mix that in a blender.

The menu has some gastro pub favorites,  unique takes on classic dishes and then burgers, fries, appetizers, desserts, wines, beers, well drinks, fluffy purple things.. 

I would recommend 

drinks-
room service
moscow mule 

food- 
meat/cheese. sopresatta, manchengo, marcona 
the butternut squash raviolis or corn cannelloni fun 
the M.A.C. Burger   (wayyyyy better than McD's makes- yes there is a middle bun present)

Many more dishes to try with their seasonal menu. Will definitely be back, especially for happy hours and after going to Fashion Square.   Walking around the Scottsdale waterfront afterwards is definitely worth checking out.  *~*~*
Another place my friend and I have wanted to try. We enjoyed everything. We spilt the warm Italian grinder and thank God. It was huge. No way would I have been able to finish it all by myself. We also split the chopped vegetable salad. Every thing in it I love.  It was awesome. There are several other things I want to try. Like the warm potato chips and French onion dip. The shaved prime rib. And the 36 hour pork ribs. Bring it on. 

The atmosphere is nice too. I can't wait until its cooler so I can sit on their terrific patio.
Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale is one of Sam Fox's restaurants (the guy is behind such gems as True Food Kitchen), and it's always packed on weekend nights.

When I went there for dinner on a weeknight, it was also super-busy, and at 8 p.m., our party for three had to wait a half-hour for a table. Not bad for a restaurant these days-glad to see some are still thriving.

The place is pretty gorgeous. The beautiful patio has huge comfy seating, as well as a chandelier. There's another chandelier inside, and there's a giant purple wall where the kitchen is. This used to be Pink Taco, and they really re-vamped the space to give it a whole new feel.

Seating inside is also ultra-comfortable, with plush, couch-like seating and huge armchairs. The pretty atmosphere is juxtaposed with bare bones, paper menus and a casual staff, who, luckily, get to wear whatever they want. And because this is central Scottsdale, that means the staff is attractive and hip, as is the majority of the crowd. I can see why Scottsdale socialites flock to this spot.

The menu consists of comfort food dishes, including grilled cheese sliders, burgers and fried chicken. My party started off with the delicious Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue ($10), which melted in my mouth and were so good, we had to order extra pretzels ($2). It was rich and very satisfying.

For my entree, I had Ricotta Gnocchi with mushrooms ($14)-I opted to leave the sausage off. I was really disappointed with this. While I loved the fresh cheese grated on top, the gnocchi was drenched in this heavy broth that almost melted the gnocchi. It also wasn't a very tasty sauce. I guess I should have just asked for a thicker sauce, because I almost felt like I was eating soup.

The dessert more than made up for the entree, though. We had Apple Monkey Bread ($8), a concoction of warm and gooey, cinnamon-y bread drenched in a caramel sauce and served with ice cream. It was amazing and worth the trip to the restaurant alone.

While I loved some of the food, Culinary Dropout definitely had a "beautiful people" vibe that might put some people off. The service was decent for being that type of place, though, and if you plan on going, make a reservation, since I'm sure this spot is going to stay busy for awhile.
Live band on the weekends. Fresh oysters and delicious late night food. The service was fast and friendly, not a bad word to say about the place.
One of my favorite places in old town. This place is just cool.   Great date spot.
This restaurant was a great find for us on our recent vacation to Scottsdale, AZ.  We were headed to a matinee showing of the Dark Knight Rises movie at Fashion Square Mall, so we looked around for a place to grab lunch in the area.  

We picked Culinary Dropout because we liked the witty name.  We had no idea how great this would be.

We started off with some of their signature drinks and a bowl of their pretzel bites and cheese fondue.  It was fabulous!  We had to order an extra bowl of pretzel bites because they were so good.  Then came the main course...  

I asked the waiter for some recommendations of their "specialty items", and he pointed me to their fried chicken with mashed potatoes, biscuits and honey drizzle (over all of it).  I was hesitant to order that for lunch because it was the middle of the day, and I didn't want to be too full for the movie.  However, another waiter said I would "love it" so I took the plunge.  And am I glad I did!

The crust on the chicken was so brown and crispy and the honey glaze gave it a hint of sweetness.  The mashed potatoes were creamy and wonderful as they were topped with cream gravy.  And last but not least were the fluffy and light biscuits.  Having grown up in the South, I've had some good meals of fried chicken, biscuits and mashed potatoes, and I would put this one right up at the top.  I didn't eat all 3 pieces of chicken, but what I did have was amazing!

Finally, the women ordered a caramel popcorn & pudding dessert that was totally different than anything I had eaten before, but it was just as wonderful as everything else we ate that day.

If you have a chance to check out Culinary Dropout, I would highly recommend you do so.  They even have live music to boot (although not while we were there).
Don't ask questions.... Just trust and get the "Soft Pretzel & Provolone Fondue!"

Entree Fav's:
Chopped Vegetable Salad
Fried Chicken 
Chicken Curry
Sweet Corn Cannelloni
Korean Style Ribeye Cap
I visited this place because I received a gift card from my parents for Fox Restaurants, and I've heard quite a few people recommend this place. We visited today around 2:30pm (definitely not prime time, so it was pretty dead) My husband got the fish and chips, I got the Pub Burger (with Havarti cheese and bacon) It normally comes with mayo and BBQ sauce, I got the BBQ on the side. I ordered the burger medium and it was so juicy and tender, the meat was just crumbling so easily (I can't complain!) We split the Chocolate Toffee Tart Pie...Yum!! Overall, we enjoyed the place. I have a deep appreciation for interior design, and I love how the place is put together.
Maybe I am just getting pickier with each review and less generous with my stars, but I am trying to figure out why the previous reviewers raved so much about Culinary Dropout.  There are certainly things to love . . . the expansive outdoor patio with some of the most comfortable seating around. It's great for people-watching as it fronts Camelback Road, just across the street from Scottsdale Fashion Square. On a hot and hazy summer afternoon, we were still very content sitting on the patio.

On the negative side . . . The food was not even so-so.  I expected so much more from a Sam Fax Restaurant. We have been fans for years with True Food, North, The Greenhouse and the now-closed Bloom, and they are on our regular dining rotation.  Culinary Dropout was how its name sounded, someone dropped the culinary part when they made our meals. I had a hard time finding something that even sounded appetizing on the menu!  We started with the potato chips and onion dip. Nothing to write home about, although I think that if I had a real salt craving, these might just satisfy it. Maybe I should have ordered the pretzel and provolone fondue . . . 

For an entree I ordered the ricotta gnocchi with sausage and mushroom . . . sure sounded like a winner . . . NOT! The gnocchi and sauce were pretty tasteless, and the mushrooms and sausage were so salty I couldn't eat them. Mix them all together and it tasted even worse. My husband ordered the Beef Stroganoff and was very disappointed.  There was no sour cream taste whatsoever. Boring was what he called it.

So the food is not up to par with the rest of the Fox restaurants, but the worst part was the service. The place was pretty empty, and while our server was attentive to our needs prior to our order, after our food was delivered, he pretty much disappeared -- no water refills, no iced tea refills . . . nothing. On a 106 degree day, that should never happen on the patio!!

Needless to say, we won't be making any trips back to Culinary Dropout!
Pretzels and fondue. Yes. If you're planning on going here, trust the yelpers and get these. They were uhhhmazing. I would have just eaten them as my entree, but I figured something more well balanced would be a better route. So I got the fried chicken....ha! This also seems to be a fav among the yelpers and I can see why. For 16 bucks you get a HUGE portion of chicken. Im talking 3 monster pieces of chicken, a hefty scoop of mashed potatoes and two biscuits. Not to mention a tasty honey drizzle over the chicken, which I wish there was more of! My boyfriend had the korean style ribeye, which he was not as impressed with as I was with my chicken. I'm not sure what it was that he disliked about it, I was too involved with my food to pay attention to his. We had the apple monkey bread with vanilla ice cream for dessert and ohh my god, it was so good. Just the smell alone would had sufficed as dessert. Service was good. Our drinks were always full and we were never looking around wondering where our server had gone. Next time were up in Scottsdale we'll be coming here!
Love, love, love this place!  It has quickly grown to be one of my fav's!  Great ambiance, great food, great service!  It is the first place I take guests visiting AZ.
Hands down, A FANTASTIC DECOR & AMBIANCE. 

But I got to tell ya, the menu sucks. It's disappointing, and the flavors don't impress.
Favorite menu items:

-Pretzels & Fondue (half off on happy hour M-F 3-6) The BEST pretzels I have ever had!
-Shaved prime rib dip
-Pork belly cubano
-Monkey bread

Everything on the menu is yummy though. For a drink I highly recommend the clown punch. The pomegranate foam is so unique and delicious.

The decor here is awesome and service has always been very attentive!
Overall good experience and met expectations.  Highlights were the pretzel fondue appetizer. Our entrees the Cubano and turkey pastrami were solid B plus to A minus. Good atmosphere and good service. Would recommend.
Recently had dinner at the Culinary Dropout and was very impressed.  The ambiance just takes you to a different place and the menu is wonderful and varied.  I had the french onion soup and beef stroganoff.  Both very tasty although the onion soup was a little sweet for my palette.  We decided to follow up the meal with the carmel corn and wow, what a treat.  This is a fun restaurant and the food is good.  A great night out.
Place was great. I loved the ambiance, warm and inviting with enough room for privacy. The food was really goodand served quickly, although I do wish everything was a bit warmer when served... prices are average of the Waterfront,as well as the portions, and our server (Johnny I believe...) made great suggestions and was extremely friendly. Try the Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel bun, pretty delicious. Ill be back:)
Super trendy restaurant with pretty decent food. Service is kind of slow and the place is loud but it's in a great location and definitely a fun place to go whether it's your first or only stop of the night. 

If you like other Sam Fox restaurants like Sauce you will probably like this place. The pretzels which cheese fondue are so yummy!
Love this place! The interior alone is worth checking out. We went for lunch yesterday & everything on the menu looked amazing. Wine & beer is super reasonably priced - riesling for $6? Not bad. 

I ordered the grilled cheese sliders with tomato & bacon with a side of fries. Perfect amount of food & really good. Great service as well.
I love their chicken curry of all things. Caramel dessert is also fantastic.
If you're looking for a great appetizer, definitely get the pretzel and cheese fondue. So good and it's a good amount to share! I haven't been let down by the food here. Everything from the Pub burger, to the chicken curry is great. Wonderful flavors and cooked to perfection. Definitely My favorite place in old town. Love the atmosphere of this restaurant, too.
We tried this place out on a Friday night for a friend's birthday. While we waited for our table, we sat outside on the patio with our drinks. The patio space was nice and had additional tables for people to sit and eat. Since it was a warm night, we decided to eat inside. We were seated right in front of the stage at a long table. As the night worn on and got more packed, sitting at this table wasn't exactly ideal because so many people were standing behind us from the bar and bumping into our chairs. It was also pretty dark inside so I did have trouble reading the menu (that's what the flashlight app on your smart phone is for I guess). The ambience of the restaurant was very impressive with the purple tile walls and huge chandeliers. It reminded me of Vegas?

Our waitress was very friendly and helpful on drink and food choices. Our table started with the kettle chips and pretzels with provolone fondue. Ummm just have to say, the pretzels and fondue were fantastic!!! Huge hit at our table and we are still raving about them days after we ate them! The chips were also good.

I decided to split the chopped vegetable salad and sweet corn canelloni with my boyfriend. The chopped vegetable salad was a nice light note with a ton of vegetables and worked well with our entree, the sweet corn canelloni. The canelloni was really good but if you're hungry, I wouldn't recommend splitting it. For us, we knew it was going to be a night of drinking so we didn't want to over-do it. Perfect amount for the occasion. I stuck with my usual white wine for the night but many of my friends ordered speciality cocktails. I was able to try a couple and thought they were strong but good. 

As we were leaving, the band came in and started playing. We could hear them through the loud speakers on the patio and they sounded pretty good, playing a few cover songs from popular pop/rock singers. It was definitely a fun place to go for a friday night and would return.
Oh boy. I did it again. I tried one of those uber-trendy downtown Scottsdale eateries. Which resulted in mixed feelings.

Atmosphere was a bit frenzied to me. I don't think that is what they are going for but it wasn't very relaxing.

Our server was very personable and helpful with the menu.

Our cocktails were amazing. Pricey but worth every penny. My husband had a whiskey drink and I had a gin drink. Forgot the names but they were awesome and extremely creative.

We started out with the pretzels and cheese fondue. Oh so good. Piping hot salty fluffy pillows of pretzel dipped in gooey, delicious cheese fondue. And a huge portion... enough for about 4 people. It's good that the portion was big because of what happened next...

I ordered the chopped vegetable salad. The menu says it contains corn, avocado, artichoke, asparagus, pistachios, and Parmesan. I was envisioning something similar to the chopped salad at Cowboy Ciao as far as vegetable content. What I got was mostly lettuce, a little bit of asparagus, corn, and pistachios, some beets (which was not mentioned on the menu and I can't stand), and barely any dressing and Parmesan. Absolutely no avocado or artichoke. Trust me I spent 10 minutes picking through the salad looking at it. 

In the server's defense he offered to bring me another salad which I declined. I filled up on pretzels while picking through my salad and I was already full. He offered to bring me a free dessert which again I declined because of my pretzel filled belly. 

My husband's grilled cheese sliders were passable. Good fries. 

My gripes are with the kitchen who completely missed two key ingredients... to a hungry vegetarian this is a sin. Also with management. I only ate 1/4 of the salad. I didn't want a new one or dessert. I paid $12 for a bowl of lettuce. The salad being comped should have been a given. And trust me I am not a complainer as most of my reviews are 4 or 5 stars.

All that being said, I do really want to give CD another try. Their drinks were exquisite and judging by the pretzels I know they probably have some other good menu items up their sleeve... but their chopped vegetable salad isn't one of them.
Fried chicken was pretty good!
Go for desert!!!
Monkey bread + coffee! Great!
Don't get Breonna as your server. Didn't ask if we wanted another drink after we decided to stick to appetizers. She didn't appear to know where the water was or remembered we were at one of her tables. Food was good as always.
as recommended by many on Yelp we tried the soft pretzels fondue... and it was a success!  definitely need to limit yourself so you don't get too full before your meal.

the menu has a little bit of everything, but not overwhelming. the only hard thing is deciding what sounds better!
we tried the pastrami sandwich and the chef salad. both are DELISH! I'm not a big pastrami person because it has a distinct taste to it, but this one was definitely an exception. it wasn't dry and it didn't have a weird after taste. it had you wanting more.

the chef salad that was recommended by our waitress & it was definitely a great choice. it wasn't the usual boring chef salad - the taste was different & the dressing didn't taste store bought.... i could be wrong....but the ingredients all together worked perfectly. the quality of the ingredients made a difference.
I'm a carboholic - and the sandwich was definitely worth having, but i think the salad for me is worth having again.

we'll be back and our next objective is to tackle the fried chicken.... until next time culinary dropout, until next time....
The pretzel fondue is one of the best appetizers anywhere. The food and drinks are pretty good but nothing else stands out.
Was ok....trendy....cool lighting.....chairs were ginormous inside.....SMELLED LIKE ROTTEN SOMETHING! 

We got use to the smell, but if it was not for our friend, we would have left. The smell was just raunchy. My gf said maybe it was because of the meats and cheeses they serve. 

Prime dip was bomb, fries ok. 

All the other food was average. 

Just your typical Fox Concept. 

Yard House is right across the street and much tastier.
We went here to try the restaurant week menu, and left very satisfied and full! For $30 you get your choice of 3 appetizers (Pretzel bread with fondue, Caesar salad, French onion soup), 4 entrees (Ribs, fried chicken, salmon, sweet corn cannelloni), and various desserts (Salted caramel custard, apple monkey bread, chocolate toffee tart).  A mug of beer on tap or a paper-bag beer is also included in your $30, which makes it a great deal!  I had the pretzel bread with cheese fondue, which was a sizable portion, with soft, salted bread and smooth, tasty cheese.  Another person had ordered the Caesar salad, which was decent, but nothing extraordinary.  For the main course I had the salmon, which was decent.  It was cooked well, very tender, and it was served with apples, fennel, and some sweet glazed wheatberries.  For me, it was a tad too sweet due to the apples and sweet wheatberries, and the portion was small compared to the normal price of the meal ($20).  I tried the ribs which were nice and tender, and the chicken, which kind of reminded me of KFC original recipe, except with better quality, more tender chicken.  For dessert we shared some apple monkey bread and the chocolate toffee tart.  Both were delicious.

I think if I were paying full price for all these items, it would be a 3 star experience for me.  Since we got so much for $30, it was definitely worth trying this restaurant out for restaurant week.  Would I go here again?  I would probably go here to try out their happy hour, or maybe to get a light meal and also try some of their interesting sounding cocktails.
Came in mostly based on the name, as it is a great one. The decor and feel were really cool, and our server was very friendly and accommodating. I had a burger with bacon and cheese. The burger was very good and the fries were as well. They had some happy hour deals, and I got a beer on tap. I came in around 4, so it wasn't too busy, but I look forward to coming in again at night time and checking out some of their other drinks and food.
One of the more edgy/younger/hipper of the FRC's. Hence the name. 

I've been here a lot and here's what I like to do:

Start off ordering the Pretzels with Cheese Fondue and/or the House Potato Chips with onion dip. Neither of those will disappoint and go great with beer/cocktails. 

Don't waste your money on the specialty drinks that outline the menu. They're all pretty expensive for what you get and I've never been truly impressed. They taste more like the bartender was a dropout. Go with beer or mixed drinks that you know. Feeling risky? Order the Brown Bag Special. You'll get a can of Natural Light, Busch Lite or PBR. A nifty novelty. On Sundays, get the bacon infused Bloody Mary. The bacon slice was bigger than the one on my burger. No joke.

I like to order the Pub Burger. It's got havarti, bacon and nice bun. Not as overwhelming as the MAC Burger. If you've had FRC burgers, these don't stray from that recipe. The Fried Chicken is greasy and incredible. Ask for extra wetnaps. I'm also a big big fan of the Turkey Pastrami sandwich. The tender meat meshes well with the bread and cheese. I'm not usually a pickle person, but for some reason the side dill pickle complements the overall flavor perfectly. Honestly, I've been satisfied with almost everything here - except the curry.

Don't go on Fri/Sat nights unless you want to wait an hour. There isn't a dress code for the waitresses/hosts so it's got a cool hipster vibe. The patio is a good place to sit on an amiable night.

Bottom line: Order your favorite drink, one or two of the appetizers, and split an entree.
Great service, amazing Food...The Fried Chicken is out of this world..My only drawback is that dont do reservations...first come first serve and bewteen 5-930 getting in is tuff, but this place i swell worth the wait...Amazing, Amazing, Amazing
Waitress Megan, better known as Dance, was the best part of dinner. She's a five (actually a ten, but that's a different scale).

Place was nice enough, and we sat outside with a nice breeze that was delightful.

Food was definitely, as the Yelp two star review puts it, "Meh, I've experienced better." It wasn't bad, just nothing special.
When we arrived we were told the wait would be about 45-60 min. Rather than give you one of those flashing plastic discs they offered to text us when our table was ready. After barely getting drinks at the bar we had a table ready-which only took about 10 min! 
Our server was very friendly and made recommendations from the menu-which were great! We weren't looking for full entrees, just something lighter. So she suggested the pretzel bread fondue and something from their antipasti menu. I had only heard of the pretzel bread appetizer......now I know why the legend lives!!! It was amazing! 
She kept our water glasses full, which I always appreciate, and we had a great night.
I think the best thing about this place is the location. Its a Sam Fox restaurant so we had high expectations but were a but disappointed. Inside seating is different but bar and outside patio is much better.  The young service personnel were not the friendliest and service was slow even during a Wednesday afternoon at 4pm. Pretzel appetizer was the best on the menu, but not sure if we would return.  Fox has much better restaurants than this.
Good food.  Not one of my favorite fox restaurants-wouldn't go out of my way to go here.  But, the service has always been good and the ambiance is nice.
Everything about the fried chicken dish was delicious. I would have preferred all legs instead of an assortment though. The breast was rather dry.
Service is awesome. Food is ok, Mediocre, price doesn't match the taste
I was invited to Culinary Dropout for a Moms night out - and as a mom - nothing is better than having good food, a few drinks, and nice conversation.  I really wanted to be excited about this place but as soon as I saw the drink list was more extensive than the actual food menu I knew I was at a bar (which isn't what I was going for)..

That being said - the drinks were exceptional - between the HomeEc Martini to the bacon infused Bloody Mary...  Hands down, FIVE stars..  Overpriced?  I think the pricing aligns with the market/area..

The place was loud..  Like, really loud..  Which again, kind of aligns with the whole "bar" feel.  It wasn't conducive for conversation that didn't require yelling..  However, the general appearance of the place gives your senses a little tingle because it is beautifully decorated, from the multiple GIANT chandeliers to the purple, textured wall, it was pleasing to the eye.  Which was a nice distraction from the groaning in my stomach from the hour and a half wait.

When it did come time to be seated and order I was forced to review that scant menu once again..  Because of all of the Yelpers recommendation, we got two orders of the pretzel fondue, as well as one order of oysters.  Nothing wrong with any of it.  Oysters were nice and fresh and properly prepared (very important!); the pretzel fondue was good but I didn't see God or anything.  Pretzels were nice and fluffy.  I kind of 'get' the 'dropout' concept from the menu - meatloaf, fried chicken, beef stroganoff, burgers, gnocchi - I guess they are giving a twist to comfort foods..?  The descriptions were lacking, and I didn't read one description that screamed "eat me! I'm awesome!"..  I finally settled on beef stroganoff simply because I imagined it would be hard to be disappointed.  It was obvious to me they are using quality, fresh ingredients.  The stroganoff had peas, nice pieces of meat, mushrooms, and a nice beef broth; but ya can't give a girl a dollop of sour cream?  C'mon man!  It wasn't terrible - but it wasn't the eighth wonder of the world either.  

Will I go back?  For drinks, yes...  But will reserve my meal for a better menu, with better tasting food, probably some where else.
Typical fox fashion, epic atmosphere, beautiful staff-- oh and the food is great too ;) wasn't surprised when I learned its a fox concept. reluctantly went, pleasantly surprised!
I would have given it a 5....would have.
The food is off the charts good.  Pretzels, Italian sandwich, fried chicken, and the awesome grilled cheese sliders are all my favorites.  
BUT.....
one of my cousins ordered a soft drink with his meal.  we ordered ALOT of food so we were there awhile, so he had quite a few refills.  Server was on the ball, she'd go fill it up even if it was only 2/3rds empty.  At the end of the day (bill).  He was charged for 6 softdrinks at upwards of $2.50 a piece.  Besides not mentioning in the menu or by the waitress....to charge full refills for not empty cups, just wow.  

pay attention...no free refills here, and guard your cup with your life if its not empty.  
Other than that... YUM!
The atmosphere was very trendy, and fun. The food was awesome. The pretzels and cheese were super yummy. I had the beef stroganoff, and it wasnt heavy like normal beef stroganoff, it was elegant and I loved it. My Dad and friend has the meat loaf and said it was delicious. definitely will eat there again!
My first and only trip to Culinary Dropout was one that I never would like to relive again.  We went on a Saturday night and sat outside to enjoy the weather.  After we were done eating what I would consider to be average food, we were actually brought the check (without asking if we wanted anything else) and expected to pay right then.  We informed our server that we were not finished and were told that if we were going to stay we had to move to another table because they had already given our table away.  Once we moved, and had a few more drinks, we were brought the bill two more times and then told we needed to pay.  Asking to see the manager did absolutely no good.  We were not rowdy, rude, or mean however we were treated as if we were sub par patrons.  With a $300 tab for the food and drinks for the table I am shocked that our service was absolutely terrible.  I would not recommend going to this restaurant at all; that is assuming it will be around that much longer.
The pretzel fondue is my favorite thing.  Also the fried chicken was pretty good
Spent a casual afternoon in the area and decided to stop by Culinary Dropout for a light bite and a glass o wine. Weekday afternoon - not busy at all. We decided on a seat outdoors. Our server brought out the menu, took our drink order and we asked for a few more minutes to fill out the fun "sushi-like" menu to design our very own antipasti. Waited a really long time for our server to return, my hubby had to go chase down the waiter. We finally ordered one meat, one cheese, some grilled asparagus and bread and olive oil. TONS of bread and very little of everything else. Not great or over the top ingredients - we could have done better at AJ's or Whole Foods. All in all, very poor service and more talk than walk on the food. Don't think we'll go back to try anything else as it was pricey for what we got and again, the service sukt.
Lord have mercy!!! 

We went and checked out the Culinary Dropout (finally) this past Friday for the hubs birthday. We love Fox restaurants and hadn't been to this one yet. 

The atmosphere is really cool, kinda loud and totally fun. 

Our waitress was the cutest thing ever! She was on top of everything and a real pleasure, I don't remember her name but she had blond and pink hair and looked like a pin up model! 

For starters we got the soft pretzel bites with the fondue. Seriously amazing, you will be cheating yourself if you do not order these. 

For dinner I got the fried chicken with the honey  drizzle, I loved it, super crunchy! However the mashed potato's that came with were very "gluey", I was not a fan of that. 

For dessert we had to order two because we couldn't decide between what to get, and I am glad we did! We were only going to get the peanut butter cup which was super amazing but then at the last minute I also tossed on the Carmel pudding dessert topped with the Carmel popcorn...OH MY GOD...I could eat this every day and never get tired of it! 

I am currently pregnant so I couldn't sample any of the cocktails, but the menu for them looked amazing, the husband ordered the crushed Irishmen and said it was very tasty!
We went to Culinary Dropout to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a wonderful time!  We started out with the pretzels with cheese.  Everyone in the group enjoyed them immensely.  Our server was Michael, and he did an excellent job providing our group with recommendations for entrees and drinks.  I ordered the fried chicken which turned out to be fantastic!  Everyone in our group was impressed by the quality and taste of the food.  This place has a cool atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff was impressive.  The manager came over to check on us and thanked us for coming in.  If you are looking for a fun place to feast, I highly recommend checking out the Culinary Dropout!
Huge fan!  Service, food and atmospere.  I have been there now twice within 3 week and plan to return again soon.
French dip is off the chain! A must eat in Scottsdale. Staff is well trained and friendly.
The best fried chicken I've had in my life.  PLUS amazing decor, great/fun service, delicious drinks, and the rest of the food (outside of the incredible fried chicken) is darn good too.  Highly recommend!
Great food and service. 
Led Zeppelin cover band, "The Song Remains the Same", although touted as the best band that plays there, was not good at all.
I think this is really 3 1/2 stars so know that going in.  Also know that I'm going to be really, really picky right now because I think they can handle it.

Mother-daughter lunch New Year's day. Walked in to a not-too-full, not-too-empty restaurant at 1:30.  Hostess was charming....and our waitress was as well. Very, very good service.

Ordered the chips and dip (again) - they were perfect.  I see I wrote last time they were a little greasy....this time we couldn't stop commenting about how NOT greasy they were. Perfectly browned, crispy and delicious. Plus we swore the basket kept refilling itself. No matter how much we ate it never seemed like it was disappearing.  Weird.

Daughter had the grilled cheese sliders (with bacon and tomato) and liked it a lot.  I had the seared tuna salad....and here's where I'm going to get picky.  The whole thing was waaaaayyy too cold. Especially the lettuce.  I felt like the flavors had absolutely no chance to work together to create a deeper flavor.  Towards the end, as it almost came to room temperature, I started to actually be able to taste the flavors of the tuna, the light dressing, the avocado, the cashews and the wasabi balls (or whatever those are called). Please....don't serve this salad that cold.....it truly does make it fairly flavorless. Also - the wasabi thing-a-ma-jiggys really didn't add anything - the cashews gave me a crunch - put a little wasabi in the dressing if you want that flavor in there.

I'd still come back - I like the atmosphere, the service, and definitely the menu choices.
Cool restaurant, awesome menu design, good atmosphere, and pretty good food. Service....RUDE! Snotty pretentious female server yelled at one of the guys at our table because she couldn't understand what he was saying. Bad day or not, your job is customer service. Other than her, try the fried chicken and the pretzel bites with the cheese fondue. Yum!
Another visit, another great meal.  Man, I love this place.   The soup was excellent and the sandwich... DELISH!   I'm happy every time I visit.   What's that?  Why not 5 stars you ask?  We always go at lunch because it's just too much of a bar scene for my tastes.  I'll leave that scene to you smokin' hot 25 year olds.
Let me start this off with saying this is more about the atrocious service and how downhill this place has gone. 

About a year ago I had some clients, or are restaurant venture capitalist back in NYC, in town and we stopped by CD for drinks and a casual dinner. Great time, they loved it, so we went back last Saturday.

Got there, drinks at the bar went perfect then we were sat, were all went downhill. Our waitress was this shorter blonder girl with longer hair, wish I had gotten her name to call her out. Took her 30 minutes to get us water and drinks, blamed it on the bartenders being all new, which is a lie because the bartenders had taken excellent care of us 20 minutes earlier. Spilt two of the cocktails all over us then proceeded to tell us they ran out of pretzels but if we wanted she could have them make it, 30 minutes after our order was placed. Did you run out of them or forgot to put it in? Instead of a beef barely soup she brought a beef stroganav, mind you she wrote this order down on paper twice because she said she lost the pad the first time. Burger with no cheese? Arrived with cheese. Then comes the bill at which point she tells us that we shouldn't worry she didn't charge us for the pretzels she never brought or the drinks she spilt on us. 

Then she left us with more words of wisdom, you should all come back on a Monday and Tuesday when it's slow and empty, Saturdays are too busy and we should expect everything to get screwed up.

Are you kidding me? I think they've started employing either complete trashy idiots or people who are drunk or high while on the job.
Went here for lunch while in town on New Years Day with my aunt and a cousin.
**The atmosphere was great-- the chairs are fun and comfy-- you want to curl up and hang out!  The chandeliers are beautiful, and the Edison light bulbs are retro industrial and fun.
**The service was excellent-- our waitress was helpful and nice-- she answered our questions and made great recommendations.
**The food was delicious!-- We started with the pretzel fondue, and for someone who usually steers clear of too many carbs, I definitely had my share!  My cousin had the chicken curry and loved it-- she was still talking about it the following day!  My aunt and I both had the winter salad-- the flavors were outstanding and I would definitely order it again!

I can't wait to be back in Scottsdale-- I'll be visiting Culinary Dropout again and definitely having a cocktail in one of their exquisite chairs!
The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the wait is just too long on most weekends and their front of house staff doesn't seem Johnny on The Spot all the time.  The food is always great.  We've had the fried chicken-which is rockin!  It's moist and flavorful.  I love the gravy they serve with it.  We've also had the trout and pasta dishes that are very good.  We also love the fondue with pretzels and the House potato chips and dip.  I could take a bath in the dip it's THAT awesome.  Live music on Fridays is great too.  I love the decor in the place too.
I have to admit I was a bit hesitant to patronize an establishment called Culinary Dropout in the silicone cultural wasteland of Scottsdale. In a hipster mecca like San Francisco, Seattle or Brooklyn I'd just assume it was ironic but I wasn't sure the target audience would get it.

I'm not sure if it counts as de-gentrification but at least the management gets it. 

Culinary Dropout is, straight up, excellent American comfort food at prices that aren't overall comforting but are reasonable for the neighborhood. The staff, for which a minimum beauty and/or edge standard is strictly enforced (the explanation that best explains a visible mohawk in the open kitchen) are friendly and help it along in a cavernous, moodlit dining room suitable for friends or a date along with a bar boasting live music on weekends and the obligatory fair-weather outdoor seating.

We hit two of the three specialties (the third being a turkey pastrami sandwich on pretzel bread) and a dessert:
- Soft Pretzels with Provolone Fondue ($10): There's a reason everyone orders this. Fluffy pretzel rolls that are made better with a *small* amount of warm cheese.
- Fried Chicken ($16): What must be multiple pounds of juicy chicken (I'm not sure I'd want to meet the chicken to which the breast piece belonged in a dark alley) with honey-glazed biscuits, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.
- Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart ($6): For lovers of dense and sweet desserts only.

Especially if considering dessert, I'd strongly recommend ordering the pretzels and then one dish less than the number of people - comforting in the United States means heavy and even if I'd just hiked 10+ miles after not eating all day I don't think I could have finished the entire chicken platter. I just as strongly recommend coming though - it is one of the rare cases where my traditionalist meat and potatoes parents and I agree on a restaurant. Culinary Dropout has enough of a sense of humor as it can possibly maintain among plastic "charm" and the food makes me a bit wistful for whatever the chef would have produced had s/he not called it quits.
Pretzel fondue... butternut squash cannellone... the burger... all excellent!  Heck, if I was Cuban, then I would sneak into America just to eat the cuban sandwich at Culinary Dropout.  Total food porn here.

Thirst-quenching cocktails that satisfy even the biggest hunger.  !Esta muy beuna!  (I don't actually speak Spanish, so just pretend that makes sense... besides, my English is well-written).

The live music was a bit loud, so maybe we'd have fared better sitting outside... but it's just so damn cool and hip-looking inside...

Service is pretty prompt and attentive, which can sometimes be hard to find these days.  And any place that allows me to eat amazing food AND look at all the hotties walking outside Fashion Square Mall at the same time is a star in my book!
OH MY GOSH! This is my favorite place. The decorations are soo beautiful. EVERYTHING looks amazing! And the seats are SUPER comfortable. Try the Fried Chicken dish. It's delicious! Never had such delicious chicken. The people here are super hip and so kind!
Have been several times since this review. Have enjoyed everything I have tried. But I am writing to say you MUST TRY THE SALTED CARAMEL PUDDING OMG OMG OMG! DO IT!!!
Went here for the first time with co-workers the other day.  Our lunch started with the Pretzel bites with Fondue, which was delicious.  Not much of a pretzel fan, but I could eat these all day.  Enjoyed the Turkey Pastrami Sandwich, which had swiss cheese and cole slaw in it as well on a pretzel roll.  The sandwich was good and so were the fries that came with it.

Service was very good and my co-workers enjoyed their burgers and salads too.  To finish our meal, we enjoyed the gooey caramel corn.  I'll have to go back and try this place for dinner on another trip to Scottsdale.
Great ambiance! And if there's anywhere you're going to splurge on carb overload, this is definitely the place to do it with their pretzel bites and fondue.
Great location. Okay food. Kinda overpriced.
After an extremely rough day of our culinary tour/pub crawl, we need a place to sit, collect our thoughts, and continue eating and drinking.  While I was trolling yelp for a place to go, this popped up.  Several of the items on the menu are the same as The Arrogant Butcher so I put on my detective shoes (translation: used the internet on my phone) to discover that yes indeed, this is a Fox restaurant.  

Oddly enough, the two items mentioned are the only duplicates from Arrogant Butcher.  The menu is casual gastropub fare and the drink list is fantastic.  Our waiter was attentive and kept us mired in food and drink.  The pretzel bites are a must order (here or at Arrogant Butcher).  We also ordered a meat and cheese plate - yum!  Drinks were inventive and tasty.  Dessert was delicious as well although I was a tiny bit disappointed in the apple monkey bread.  It was good but lacking a little something-something.  

The outside patio is lovely.  I recommend going on a Saturday afternoon when it's not terribly crowded.  

Bueno!
Great atmosphere, food and staff. The soft pretzels and fondue are great. Highly Recommend
Oh  Sam Fox, I love you.  I am a huge fan of the culinary confections that you whip up and have never been disappointed when dining at a FRC restaurant.  Culinary Dropout is no exception. I have been here several times, for drinks and appetizers, for lunch and for dinner and everytime I am pleased with the food.  The service has had a few hiccups, but nothing earth shattering. The bacon bloody mary is delicious and the salmon is dreamy and the pretzels and fondue, OMG...you had me at fondue.  Keep up the good work and I will keep giving you my money.  :)
I love Culinary Dropout! I've been to both AZ locations and both are good!
The service is always phenomonal and I love the food!  Pretzels and Fondue are definitely a must have.  The meat and cheese's are also good! I've had a few things there and all of them were delicious!  I can't wait to try more!
For a brand new, only been open for 2 weeks venue we were really impressed. I'm confident this place will easily be 5 stars and a favorite hang out of ours. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the food was all quite a bit over salted and they reeeeally need to work out a better parking situation. Again, minor kinks to be worked out.

We arrived around 2:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon before going to the Sun's game downtown. The very small parking lot was packed and "Valet Only" the surrounding streets were neighborhoods and cars were parked in front of houses for blocks. If I lived in one of those houses I would be pretty pissed every Friday and Saturday night.

We almost left because we thought the place would be over crowded but decided to give it a try. The inside of the restaurant was decent sized and had a very comfortable and inviting vibe. The patio was ginormous to quote Will Ferrel and lavishly decorated with plush green couches and large wing backed chairs. Large light bulbs were strewn across the covered patio along with pretty chic chandeliers making for a lovely lit canopy in the evenings. Casual? Yes, you can wear jeans here but don't mistake this place for a trendy, of the moment venue were the patrons are dressed in their very best wanna be Scottsdale attire.

Enough with the decor (Oh, but I didn't mention the bathroom shocker.......) 

We were there in the early afternoon, it was busy but we were seated outside promptly.  I ordered 2 appetizers, the "Grilled Artichoke with Lemon Aioli Sauce" and the "12 Hour Slow Roasted Tomatoes".  My husband orderd the Fish and Chips with Cole Slaw.  The artichoke was grilled perfectly, charred in all the right places with a hint of smokiness and not to oily. The lemon aioli was divine. There was a bit too much salt which would have been fine if all the other food wasn't over salted as well. The tomatoes were Roma style and served whole and cold which I wasn't prepared for. They were a nice accompaniment to my artichoke but were all-in-all over glorified canned tomatoes. My husbands fish and chips had a smoked flavor which was wonderful and the fish was cooked perfectly and fell apart nicely and was moist and flavorful again, a bit over salted but still good, all the more reason to order another beer.

Our waitress was very friendly, helpful and prompt!
OMG... great place!! Loved the roasted beets, the Winter Salad, and ESPECIALLY the YUMMY carmel popcorn dessert.... AMAZING!!!! Definitely be back here soon!!
After a 2 hour horse back riding session in the "desert" me and the group of people I was with needed a place to chow down. Someone suggested we go somewhere in downtown Scottsdale which apparently is really fancy/upscale. 

I'm pretty the Restaurant name kinda throws some people off about what type of food/quality of service that they offer. The outside has a nice sandstone finish to it with these giant pillars; it almost looks like a modern day palace. The inside decor was something I didn't expect. It had a very dark/gothic feel to it with black leather chairs and hanging chandeliers. 

Our waiter was very casual and for the most part attentive to our needs. The atmosphere is more laid back and our waiter gave us a few recommendations and was able to inform us of exactly what dish was what.

There's a mystery Brown Beer Bag special where you can pay 2 bucks and you get a random beer in the brown lunch bag (which sounds like fun/crazy, but I dont drink, lolz). For an appetizer we all shared the Pretzels with Cheese Fondue... OMG that may be one of THE best appetizers in recent memory. The pretzel bites were warm, soft, and the sprinkled sea salt was a great addition. Dip that into the Provolone Cheese and it is a mouthful of wonderfulness. I could have easily eaten that whole appetizer by myself had I not ordered my entree. 

I got the fried chicken, which apparently is VERY good. The fried chicken did not disappoint. The chicken itself was very moist and tender and the chicken skin was absolutely delicious. The chicken skin was lightly fried and had a hint of honey to it. Chicken came with a thigh, breast and a leg and two buttermilk biscuits; could have easily been shared by two people. My only small complaint was that the chicken could have used a little bit more seasoning, if it wasn't for the chicken skin, it would have been game over for me. 

My girlfriend got the pork ribs and it seemed like a good idea, but in the end, it probably wasn't... first off this is a WHOLE rack of ribs so it is definitely a two person entree. The sauce was almost a little too sweet and the ribs itself didn't offer anything to rave about. It tasted good, but not great. 

Prices are a little steep with most of the main entrees starting at 15+. The name kinda disappointing b/c I was expecting unusual flavor combinations but it wasn't there. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and would go back for those pretzels and cheese, yum!
Great spot for a date night. Patio is perfect when the weather is nice!

We started off with the pretzel bites fondue and the homemade potato chips. Yum and yum! Perfect snack while waiting for entrees. If I wasn't pregnant, I would have definitely enjoyed one of the many cocktails or beers. Pretty good selection!

Main course was the butternut squash canneloni for me and the meatloaf for my husband. The canneloni was absolutely delicious! Loved the sauce and veggies. Mmm! Husband really enjoyed the meatloaf and green beans. Only minor complaint is that the mashed potatoes were a little over-whipped for our tastes (we both prefer them to be a bit lumpy).

For dinner, we couldn't pass up the apple monkey bread and vanilla gelato. So, so good! It was like adding chunks of apple pie filling to monkey bread.

Definitely worth the trip from Gilbert! We will be back!
I had to wait but it was worth it. I put my name in, and got a text with a link to check the status of my wait. I received a text when my table was ready giving me a chance to wander Scottsdale Fashion Square while I waited. The service I received was grand and attentive. The food was delicious!
Great place, awesome service. After spending a business trip on the east coast encountering terrible wait staff and mediocre food, this place was a breath of fresh air.
We came in about an hour before closing looking for food (every restaurant's nightmare) on a Saturday. They sat us right away. Mike, our waiter, was extremely helpful. He was patient with us, answered our questions, made great recommendations, and was very friendly. Having to work a crowded place late on a Saturday night, not many people would be so nice. He even gave us a heads up to make our dessert order before the kitchen was closed. Another guy with an epic beard (sorry, didn't catch his name)who wasn't our waiter was just as helpful even though he didn't have to be. Most people would have said they would try to find our actual waiter. This guy stopped what he was doing to help and he was completely genuine (and patient with my friend's never ending questions). The food here is amazing also. I highly recommend the pretzel bites, the turkey pastrami, and my friend really liked his burger, too.

They have live music on Friday and Saturday and the band on the night we went was amazing, and very fitting for the atmosphere.

I hate to tell too many people about this gem, because I want to keep it my little secret. But there is a lot of buzz about this place and it deserves praise.
This place is beautiful! I love the open atmosphere it creates with long large tables, large chairs and open windows and doors to the patio area. The chandeliers hanging in the main dining area add just that bit of "fancy" the place needs, perfect touch. I really enjoy the patio seating this time of year, even though you are sat close together to other groups for some reason you still get a privacy vibe. I don't know if it's the way the tables are set up, or the company I was with! They have a small stage inside that they have live music played some nights, but I don't really enjoy it for I feel its a little too much for the restaurant.

The food is delicious! We decided to get the onion dip and chips for an appetizer, something really easy that you can eat at home right? Well Culinary makes a great dip! We couldn't stop ourselves, trying to remember that our main courses were coming! I had the rainbow trout! I NEVER eat fish so when I am randomly craving it, this place is where I come. It's smothered in almonds and this delicious creamy sauce...... HANDS OFF I don't share this dish. My boyfriend decided to ordered the fried chicken (which you have to wait a little extra time for) and it was definitely worth the wait. The chicken was moist and tender and the sides of mashed potatoes and coleslaw were like eating at grandma's house.

I am very impressed with the staff here. On a Wednesday night, it was pretty packed, for 2 we had to wait about 30 minutes but the staff is very courteous by grabbing your cell number and texting you when your table is ready. The bar had a few open seats, so we were able to have a drink before dinner. I like that there are no uniforms here, each of the staff members are able to show off their individuality and personality with the way they dress, which I feel makes them more comfortable and friendly. Its really hipster, the staff is very friendly and laid back! If you're not paying attention it does make it a little hard to find your waitress or waiter, but you should be so kind to pay attention to the people taking care of you for the evening.

Certainly a great place to put on your list. Great location, great atmosphere, great staff and delicious food! Keep it up Culinary!!
I like it, and if you stop by on a weekend night you will see that so do large numbers of hipsters and gen Y douches.
Is there a zero star.  Service was extremely slow uncooperative.   Fish and chips were soggy not even one bit of crisp.  Pretty sad.  I would highly recommended not going here.  The servers couldn't even get the meal entrees right.  I have been to some bad places in my life but this tops them all.
Great time at this restaurant! Very crowded on a Friday night. We were luck to find a bar seat on the patio and got served quickly. The bartenders were busy as can be but still gave us just the right amount of attention. 

We ordered the antipasti plate ... it was perfect! 

I also tried my hand at the Bacon Bloody Mary ... I can't stop talking about it. HUGE FAN.
This used to be one of my favorite restaurants, but I ate there today, it was bad service and took over an hour to get my order for lunch! They seem to have a hard time executing orders, with food waiting on the line for quite a while before being delivered to whomever ordered it.
Let me start by saying that I am usually a pretty forgiving person when it comes to restaurants. I really try to see the goods when there are bads and I will usually give a place a second chance since I understand that the wrong item is sometimes ordered. Yes, in a perfect world, every item on a restaurant menu should be amazing, but that simply is not the case. Anyways, I digress. This review is going to be pretty harsh because I honestly found nothing good about this place. Thank god I only came here because I had a gift card that needed to be used. I would have been pretty pissed if I actually had to pay for what we got.
When entering CD, I was somewhat impressed with the dcor. However, even though the seats look big and cozy, I did not find them to be that way at all. Also, the hostess was not overly friendly. She wasn't mean or anything but not friendly either. The hubby and I decided to order the pretzels and fondue that everyone else raves about. It was ok. The pretzels were soft but most were not hot, and the fondue was simply ok in my opinion. For entrees, I decided on the sweet corn cannelloni while the hubby chose the fried chicken. I would also like to add that hubby was going to order the 36 hour ribs believing they would be fall off the bone, what with cooking for that long. The waitress was actually considerate and thoughtful enough to let him know that since they were not babybacks, these ribs were not going to be fall off the bone and most past customers actually felt they were a bit tough. After that information, he decided to retreat and order the chicken instead. 
The entre portions were actually larger than we had expected. However, neither entre was impressive. My "cannelloni" turned out to actually be ravioli. Also, I was surprised by the intense flavor of bacon on my dish, which don't get me wrong was ok since I eat meat. For someone who is vegetarian on the other hand, this really should have been mentioned on the menu. The flavor was ok, but really nothing impressive. The husband easily allowed me to try his chicken, which I knew was not a good sign. Usually when something is really good, he will be a pain in the ass about letting me try it and usually will tell me order my own. The chicken itself was cooked ok, but the batter had no flavor to it and the honey drizzle was only in certain places. The hubby was disappointed in the entire entre stating that the biscuit didn't have enough honey and no butter provided, the mashed potato portion was puny and they were nothing impressive, and the 2 bites of coleslaw were bland. 
Because we had a 50.00 gift card, we needed to order something else so we decided on the apple money bread dessert. We were told that it would take an extra 12 minutes, which we were fine with because we thought it would be something amazing. Not even close. What came out was a small dish of "monkey bread" (which resembled bread pudding) and a small bowl of vanilla ice cream atop cut out pieces of menu which we presumed to be pre-used due to the large grease stain on the one underneath the bowl of ice cream. The monkey bread was very disappointing as it was mostly apples, and the cinnamon/ sugar mixture appeared to be sprinkled atop after the dish was done baking. Additionally, there was a spice used in it (I think it was ginger) that was wayyyyy too prominent. It left a disgusting aftertaste in my mouth. The ice cream was fine but we were pretty sure it was Dreyers. 
After finishing dessert, we waited and waited... and waited... only to wait some more. We had already let it slide that our waters were empty while eating dessert to which the waitress said she had several other tables seated so she was scrambling back and forth between them all. I found it interesting that she said this because the restaurant was practically empty. Anyways, as we sat waiting for the check, the hubby informed me that the delay was because she was sitting at a table with some obvious friends who had come in and basically just shooting the sh**. This really annoyed me. Normally, I am a patient person, but after having a crappy meal, I really just wanted to get home. I believe we waited for about 20 minutes just to get the check without her attempting to check on us during that time. 
So to conclude, Culinary dropout was highly disappointing. Food was not great, service was crappy... This is one of the few instances where nothing impressed me and I see absolutely no reason to return to Culinary Dropout. I gave it 1 extra star because the food was not horrible, portion sizes were decent, and the dcor was aesthetically pleasing. One last thought though: Maybe the chef should go back to culinary school to learn how to season chicken properly and perhaps learn the difference in pasta's?
Worst night at a restaurant ever.  Waited an hour for a table then an hour after that for food.  I'm normally very patient and have eaten here before. Never had as bad experience as tonight.  They comp'd the meal but since this is my first Yelp post ...that tells you how bad this experience was tonight.
This place has terrible service. Our waitress was the worst! No eye contact when greeting us. Hardly checked on us. There were 9 of us & our food was delivered in spurts. I'm giving it 1 star because the food was good, once it got there.
I wanted to try this place while walking around the area of Scottsdale! Loved the decor and outdoor/indoor seating.

Good place for a group of friends!  Our waiter was super awesome.  Gave a few suggestions.  We started w the pretzel fondue and it was hugeeeeee.  It was only my mom and I and we could only eat  a few.  She also loved the soup of the day but I loved the honey fried chicken!!!!! 

TRY IT TRY IT TRY IT.  You won't be disappointed :)
I've been anxious to try CD since the Pink Taco departed a few years ago and Fox Restaurant Concepts put Culinary in it's place. I took my bestie here last weekend to celebrate her birthday. We got there before the 'rush' of dinner arrivees landed and scored a primo spot on the patio for good people watching.. not in the patio bar.. but just in the right spot... well, so we thot. Get to that in a bit! 
We started with catching up as we usually do and opted for mojitos...plain and simple. The waitress was a little.. hmmmm .. what should we describe her as. Well, she sat down when I was putting on a refresher of lipstick and asked me, "Why I was putting on my lipstick?"  (cheesy smile). I could not tell if she was being funny or patronizing me. So I came back with a .. "Ummmmm, well, because I wanted to put my lipstick on and leave it all over the mojito glass?" (cheesy smile.)... She laughed and took our order. Weird. But laughable. We opted for the pretzel and fondue app. Both of us had heard much ado about it on yelp, of course. And it was going by all around us... so it must be good. She asked if we had ever had it and when we said no, she asked "What rock we had been living under".. " Oh just our own.. little rock in the library up the street", I said. Really? Does this girl want to go with my wit? Or with my sarcasm? I can't tell. :-) Let me say this.. that stuff was to die for. Worth the heaven in your mouth.. worth the TWO workouts you will need after you have it! Nextly, we both ordered salads.. I ordered a chopped veggie salad and added shrimp. My bestie a greek style salad.. (the name has left me! ) with salami. Both were very good! We switched to Pinot Noir red wines. NOW comes the seating issue. Prom girls have arrived. Like about 8 of them and their 1 mom. They sat in our seats. The mom took pics in from our table. Over our food. Over our wine. Finally we give up our two seats not being used. Which was weird for the seating because its lounge type seating on the patio. After about 20 minutes of hovering , Mom departs. Our waitress did become funny and fun over weird and just hard to figure out. Overall it's a great place. But people seating behind us at the entrance on random seats. Taking our seats. That would have a been a cool thing if the waitress would have stopped that. Pricing is Fox Concept pricing. Valet your car. No way without parking across at Fashion Square and hoofing it over gonna work.
We tried to find this place last time we were in town but failed.  So glad we tried again.  Got there early, got a great seat outside.  They were awesome with our son and made sure we knew about the off menu kids items.  Our server (Haley?) was great with him as well and very attentive.  The food was solid and the beer selection as well.  We will definitely be back.
My friends and I had a very good time.  If we had just gone for drinks, I think I easily would have given it 5 stars as everything was stellar.  Service, portions, bartenders - excellent.  
The food itself was very nice.  We ordered the pretzel balls and were not disappointed.  I ordered the chicken salad with the cherry vinaigrette despite the waitress's recommendation for the fried chicken, but I wasn't sorry for that in the least because after I finished polishing off my salad, I realized every one else was going the same.
Over all, I would take anyone interested in going to Scottsdale here since I had an excellent time even if it's popularity does make it a little hard to get into during peak hours.
You can't go wrong with a Moscow Mule and the Pretzel Fondue! Obsessed!
So much fun!  We came in on a crowded Saturday night  and waited at the  bar. We were so fortunate to be seated outside for dinner. My fianc had grilled cheese sliders which were "amazing" according to him since there were none left for me to sample (o:  I had the mussels created with sausage and roasted tomatoes.  OMG, they were amazing. I loved every bite (o:    Great service, great experience. Already talking about when we can go back.
This place had a really cool vibe, and a great beer selection.  The food was really fresh and inventive.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone passing through Old Scottsdale.
Walked down from my hotel to this Fashion Square area restaurant. As always, on that quest to find interesting places to eat when traveling.

I would say that the Culinary Dropout was both interesting and had pretty good food to boot. The place has a young feel to it and the servers and bartenders could just be the most attractive (and I'm talkin' men and women here folks) collection I've ever seen working in one restaurant. 

I grabbed a seat at the bar ordered a drink and decided on a Caesar Salad to start followed by Rainbow Trout for dinner. The salad came in a chilled bowl, had both romaine and kale in it and a more lemony than garlicky dressing that had a nice tart bite to it. The addition of kale was good and allowed me to text home and tell my wife I was eating a superfood for dinner to try and score some health points! 

The trout came in a hurry, too much of one really, and was a large double filet with crisp skin, toasted almonds, green beans and some carmelized onions. It was moist and tasty though it was somewhat unevenly salted. The green beans on it were cooked just right and added a great crunch. 

Beyond the pacing problems with the salad and entree coming out on top of each other, this was a nice meal and I would not hesitate to try it again.
In my mind, my dad is the best cook ever.  We will go out to eat and I will say, "You know where I've had a better version of this, when my dad made it."
Color me impressed when someone can compare - I would have though my dad was in the back making the food brought out.

We started with the pretzel fondue, cheese - good, pretzel rolls - good! It was a lot of bread for the 2 of us, it could be ordered for a larger group.  But tasty!
My husband ordered the Pub Burger and I had the turkey pastrami, both came out fast and delicious.

We came on a Saturday for lunch and there was no wait for a table.
Great restaurant group to begin with, you usually can't go wrong with any of the 'Fox Restaurant Concept' restaurant. Well deserved James Beard nomination

This place has such a great vibe. Came here on a Saturday for an early dinner. Walked in and there was a 20 min break so we went to the bar to have some drinks. The bartenders are amazing here, they really  know their stuff. I ordered a drink off the menu, can't remember what it was called. But it was tasty. My friend asked the bartender to make him anything. It was great! Whatever it was.

Overall great. We did the cheese/charcuterie board,  then split the bistro steak, no dessert.  Great solid meal. Love the way you can mix and match the cheese/meat plate. The meat was perfectly cooked medium rare and well seasoned. 


I'm definitely making this place one of my go-to's
If yelp allowed half ratings, this would be a perfect 3.5 stars. It was good, but not as awesome as I'd been led to believe. I might or might not go back, I'm a bit torn.

The atmosphere is great- it is actually long picnic-style tables rather than individual ones, plus an outdoor area. Our group of 6 had no trouble finding seats for lunch. We ordered a few rounds of appetizers and meals. The pretzel fondue was good, but I have to say I love it more from Brat Haus. The burratta with pears and bacon syrup was great, but I wish I would have tasted more bacon. I had the house smoked salmon which was pretty good but not great. The salmon was delicious, but I could have done without cracked pepper on the poached egg, and it was a bit messy to put the whole thing together (toast, salmon, capers/sauce, egg) into an edible combination. The onions that came with it were super strong and I pulled those off right away. That being said, there were enough other things on the menu that I might be willing to give this one another shot.
late night fun with bridge, marcus and dani.

ah, Culinary Dropout, Old Town never fails at 1) a good time 2) an awesome dining/drinking experience 3) consistent good service 4) yummy pretzel bites with a delish cheese fondue and 5) one of the best desserts in Phoenix, their awesome monkey bread!

I love the overall vibe of this place and no matter the countless repeated visits to this location, I love their patio, the varying chandeliers, the comfy chairs and diversity of sizes, and just the look of the place. It's not trying hard with the cool factor. I haven't been dismayed once with bad service (yet.) and I hope never, and not once have I seen their host staff give on an upturned nose attitude. Kudos for that. 

I totally recommend the pretzel bites it's yum! I've had the same bites at Arrogant Butcher and for some odd reason Culinary's is best. The baked mussels is good as well. Entree wise, I do enjoy their fish and chips, as well as their fried chicken, and no complaints of the bistro steak but seriously it's not worth more than $20. But don't miss out on the monkey bread, that's like coke, it's addictively good. =P Oh, and when they're crowded just try to avoid sitting near the stage, let's just say, head nods and smiles will be the focal point of your dinner conversation and you oughta brush up on lip reading. Overall a good place. =)
Awesome service and great food. Relaxed, chill atmosphere. I'd go again. Yum!
Being from out of town, we came here on the recommendation of a person I met golfing.  The Pretzel Fondue was fantastic and worth the visit alone.  The beer list was impressive as well.  Our waitress was good and the staff that we interacted were all very friendly and helpful.

The Fried Chicken was good, however the breast was pretty dry.  The thigh and drumstick were juicy and the seasoning was good.
Sat outside at bar.  Good for hanging and enjoying the people and the breeze.  Ahi salad and homemade chips are both very good.  Cool vibe.
Excellent food and service with memorable menu twists

Took my wife and kids to CD for pre-Mother's Day.  It proved to be a great choice.  The soft pretzel balls and cheese fondue was a fun, new dish to start things off.  Next was a mix of cheeses, meats, and olives chosen on a sushi-style card.  Entrees of Korean-style steak, garden salad, and grilled cheese sandwich with bacon made everyone happy.  And the monkey break dessert left us cooing before we waddled out the door.  

Service was excellent from Caitlin.  The rest of the service crew reminded me of the cast of Beverly Hills 90210... without the token minority.  And as the father of two little girls, the tight pants one of the service gals was wearing made we want to buy a remote island to shelter them.

Still, the experience was superb.  The pretzel balls with fondue and the Korean-stlye steak were especially memorable.  (My wonderful wife ate a third after I shared some.  Yes, I was sad.  But, I'm a giver.)

Highly recommended and we will be back...
Re-went to the culinary they redeemed themselves.  great lunch
05/01/13

It has been awhile since I checked out CD's happy hour, so I invited a coworker to join me to see what's new.  Looks like CD's done away with their cheese and charcuterie check list and just added a cheese plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=bKR19j9BvpE4gSwGo-CmQA#bKR19j9BvpE4gSwGo-CmQA  Not bad- enjoyed the cheese (one tiny rectangular piece) and thumb-sized serving of jam, the Marcona almonds and delicious almonds were plentiful, and the grilled asparagus were all good.   Didn't really care for the bland breadsticks, and what's with the measly serving of bread (2 tiny pieces)?  I refrained from asking for more until the very last second, and I felt like my server didn't like the request, but she recovered very fast.  Just don't give me the eye-roll and we're still friends.

Draft beers were $3, I think, and that included Four Peaks' Kilt Lifter, but that's not what I ordered.  Instead, I tried a glass of the sauvignon blanc- quite nice!  Too bad glasses of wine aren't included in the happy hour menu...

I also ordered the chopped salad, of which the bartender rattled off a list of ingredients and sounded very sure she named everything, so I asked that a couple be omitted.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=-_VmkG-T6ywOWBoVMb5Vhg#-_VmkG-T6ywOWBoVMb5Vhg  Either I missed her mentioning a specific nut (I doubt it!), or she forgot.  Was able to pick most of them off, but still managed to eat a few that were hiding between the greens.  Salad was OK, nothing spectacular.  Probably wouldn't order it again, unless I was running short on veggie servings for the day.  Coworker tried the Korean Beef on a Stick app.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=mMBaBHk1OEvp2bspuUtl5A#mMBaBHk1OEvp2bspuUtl5A  The menu didn't lie, it was one stick of Korean beef.  For $6, I thought the price was a bit too high, but my friend really enjoyed it.  

Based on what we tried today, I'd say it's best to just stick with the dinner menu.  However, I am not giving up on HH, yet, and I plan to try two or three more items soon.

Note: Happy hour menu prices online needs to be updated.
This place is designed for sensory overload. The pretty servers with bangin' bodies and tattoos. The gaudy decor with the loud wallpaper. And the loud music and monstrous bar. It was a feast for the eyes. I wish the food had been the same. The pretzel balls are awesome, and that's about it. It's overpriced and disappointing.
One of my favs! The hot pretzels and dip are so good!
Fantastic food and very cool atmosphere!  Recommend the pretzel fondue...enough to share...very yummy. Wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu and was so right on about all our picks! Had the meatloaf and was floored...just delicious...best I have ever had at a restaurant. Friends had the fried chicken and cleaned their plates...can't wait to come back!
AHHHH - I LOVE THIS PLACE.
Whenever someone goes to Phoenix, I always tell them to hit up Culinary Dropout.

Food - 
Best Prime Rib Dip Sandwich in the US.  Love it, can't order anything else.

Drinks - 
Marg on the rocks with a shot of Guinness Beer.  Can't even thinking about having margs any other way any more.
Been here half a dozen times -- most definitely my fave happy hour/casual dining/chill spot in the Valley, really.  Spectacular, unusual atmosphere (stylish, festive AND relaxed, not always an easy combination to pull off), great twists on pub food classic (LOVE my honey fried chicken here, and the appetizer plates are always the best quality), and outstanding, creative cocktail selection.  Gorgeous eye candy staff as well, for both genders, and eye candy that is as smart, witty,  accomodating and personable as they come, too!  They make all age groups feel young and involved -- I bring my aging parents here occasionally, and they always perk up when surrounded by the kind of warm and dynamic environment CD provides.  Love this place, might just be the most overall successful Fox Restaurant here.
I went to Culinary Dropout from mixed reviews from my Facebook friends.  It was Memorial Day Evening and I was by myself.  When I drove up I instantly noticed it was in the building that used to be Pink Taco.  This brought back lots of memories as when I started dating my ex this is where she would like to go dancing.  Back then I felt kinda like a fish out of water as the crowd was much younger than I was.

The place pretty much looks the same, same wood bar, same chandeliers, patios looked the same but the crowd was mixed.  The mixture of crowd made me feel a bit more like i "fit in" than before but the atmosphere was still a bit to trendy and pretentious for my taste.

There was an acoustic artist playing music on a 12 string guitar this evening.  He was very talented and played great music.  The first few covers he did while I was waiting to be seated were Metallica, Green Day & Perl Jam.

The server was amazing though she was a very pretty young girl named Sam who knew the menu well and was there 100% to answer my questions and guide me with my food & drink order.

I was going to order a drink called Clown Punch and Sam informed me that it was a very sweet drink.  This information allowed me to change my order as I am not a fan of the super sweet.  She instead recommended a drink called Room Service, I did see this on the menu and saw that it contained Gin which I am not a fan of either.  She ordered it with Vodka instead and it was so good I had 2 with my meal.

When looking at the menu I saw a Curry Chicken dish, now anything curry I am instantly drawn to. There were many more expensive and prominent dishes on the menu but when I asked Sam about the curry she told me that it was great.  It is a yellow curry dish and the starch is potatoes instead of rice.  They had some mushrooms and fresh green beans and cilantro.  With the chunkiness of the meal I was questioning them serving it with a tablespoon, but once I tasted the curry broth I knew why.  You want to sop up each and every drop.

My biggest complaint about the meat was portion size.  I could have ate twice as much as they served me of the entree.  This however left room for dessert and I am glad it did.  I am a huge peanut butter fan and asked Sam about the peanut butter dessert. Again she was honest and told me it was her least favorite and told me to choose another.  I decided on the Carmel Custard which was amazing.  Basically a caramel custard with caramel corn on top for crunch. Do not think of the custard as a traditional Creme Caramel but rather almost a caramel pudding  with fresh popped caramel corn on top.

In summary, I could do without the hipster attitude but considering where it's located and my age this could just be me.  The meal that I had was above average and the cocktail was exceptional.  I would come back again with the right company.
While the food at Fox restaurants is always good this location, on a slow afternoon, had very poor and indifferent service.  We were made to feel unwelcome and as if the staff could not be bothered despite the place being almost empty.  I will continue to dine at Fox places but not this location
Stopped here for dinner the other night while I was in Scottsdale.  I ordered the meatloaf, which came with mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans.  The meatloaf was tender and had great flavor.  It was the right amount of food and I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  Another solid meal.
I was expecting so much more out of this restaurant. When we first arrived I ordered an 'after school special' and it was the worst drink I have ever had..only took about 3 sips and it cost me about $9. We were sitting at the bar for about 30 minutes waiting for a table and we never heard anything. So I went up to the hostess and they couldn't even find us on the list and I had the pager. So, needless to say we finally were seated. Our waiter was alright, not the best. But now for the food...we ordered the pretzel and fondue which was decent but I did not see why there was so much hype for this appetizer. We also ordered the house chips and onion dip, chips were amazing and fresh and the dip was a little overboard. For my main dish I had the sweet corn cannelloni, and this was good but not the best thing I have ever had. I don't know if I will ever go to the place again, but it is always nice to try something new.
Happy Hour Review:

We had a nice time at the Culinary Dropout's HH this past Friday. We arrived around four-thirty and the inside bar was pack. The hostess said the HH was limited to the bar area inside and out. Nahhhh we thought, we'll stay inside thank you very much. It was 105 degrees and the outdoor water misters were totally ineffective 

I mentioned in passing that I had read about their HH on Yelp. After checking with her Manager, she came back and offered us one of the communal tables near the stage.

AMBIANCE/MOOD:
The crowd was a mixture of Millennium's and Gen X'er, along with an equal number of retires.  So eclectic? The interior had that old tin and aluminum stamped walls, reminiscent of the NY in the 1930s, with a large stage.  It also has several large B&W photos from the 1960s of Janis Joplin, The Who, Roy Orbison along with a very young Boss, creating some good Karma.

MENU:
All of the food is $6.00: Grilled cheese sliders; Chopped salad; yummy Korean beef on a stick (photos); Pretzels & Fondue; meatloaf sandwich; Smoked salmon bruschetta, Antipasti and much more.  All beers are $3.00 served in a 12oz mug; most wines are $6.00 and the Well cocktails are $4.00.

SERVICE:
Tom our server was pretty cool and on top of things.  He worked hard at refilling our glasses and had an intimate knowledge of the menu, both HH and regular dinner.  Even though this was HH, there was a focus on the regular menu.

FOOD:
Everything we tried was excellent.  The salad, Fondue and meatloaf sandwich, were all very large. While the Korean Beef on the Stick was very good though it could be larger.  But it too was delicious, and not overly spicy.

PRICES:
As I mentioned the Happy Hour food prices were all $6.00. Our bill came to under $41 including taxes but not gratuities.

Enjoy!
Culinary has such a fun atmosphere with awesome, laid back service.  The pretzel balls with cheese fondue are TO DIE FOR. Everyone needs to try them when they go in.  It gets a bit loud when there is a live band on the weekends, but still an awesome time!!
I finally made it to Culinary dropout after hearing so many wonderful raves about the place.  Came here with two others and a baby and we were seated immediately.  The decor is modern and funky and I loved the giant crystallized chandeliers.  I couldn't believe they had la fin du monde in bottle here; unibroue is one of my favorite breweries and I've never seen it available in restaurants before!  Kudos!  I decided on the fried chicken for my meal, and man it did not disappoint; skin on the outside was perfectly fried and the chicken was incredibly juicy.  They also lightly drizzly some sort of sweet sauce on top that makes the dish unique.  The sides were all tasty but not breath taking.  I tried my sister's pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun and that was also really tasty.  

I will definitely come here again.
check out the special!
I was there on Saturday June 15, 5 pm, asked for a quiet part of the place for 3 people, got it right away.  our server was really great, sorry, can't remember her name, but she explained everything, she was like a ballerina, loved her.  The $20 special is great:appetizer, entree, and a drink.  We liked the bruschetta, salmon and shrimp salads, way too much food, very pleasant.  next time I would split a salad, they are big and delicious.  Sam Fox, where do you get those cheerful, helpful servers?
The Pub Burger is awesome!!   Try the Smashed Irishman it was spectacular.
My brother and his wife were staying just up the road for a few days and invited me out for dinner, like I would ever turn down dinner. :)  So when I got to their hotel I brought up the monocle and saw a bunch of places in the Scottsdale waterfront and Southbridge.  The two that looked the most promising were Olive and Ivy and Culinary Dropout.  We found parking and decided to try CD.  Walking in we had a choice of an hour wait, the community tables or outside.  Even in 100 heat we chose outside and were rewarded by a cooled and shaded patio that was quiet enough to talk on.

We passed on the cheese platter and ordered entrees.  Two hits and an ok on the salmon plate.  I had the beef stroganof and even though I do better this was the best rendition I had ever purchased.  Service was good throughout the meal.  As we were catching up on 13 years of not seeing each other we were not pressed to leave even though there were people in line waiting on a Thursday evening.

Just as a note:  This was my first trip to a Sam Fox restaurant and even being a sort of chain it certainly would not stop me from trying another of his concepts.
I had the chicken and waffles and my friend had the meatloaf. For appetizer we had the pretzel ball with cheese dip. Not a big fan of this place.. the food was just mediocre.
Culinary Drop out can be hit or miss.  The food is always great but the service can be either spot on or just a trendy pretty person who has no idea what they are doing.
They have flavorful and imaginative drinks but don't pick a favorite since the menu is constantly changing.

My fav things to order food wise are the pretzel fondue and the Turkey Pastrami.  The Fondue is a 100% have to order item, I haven't met a single person who doesn't love them.  The Turkey Pastrami is also a great item as it is inventive and never disappoints.  My secret suggestion is sub out the fries for mashed potatoes and gravy.  

Normally I give a Sam Fox restaurant 4 or 5 stars because they go above and beyond on service but CD is one that is definitely not consistent on service.  Also Happy hour is available in the bar only which is a HUGE pet peeve of mine.
Meh. Not impressed. True Food... good. Zinbuger... great. This place... meh.

I can think of 100 other places I'd rather drop $30 on food for just myself.
Apple monkey breadddd. Pretzels and cheese. pub burger. mac burger.

Oh my god I love this place.

It may be weird how often I go.

However, if you are in the Phoenix Metro Area - it is a must. 

Although I rave about the food, the atmosphere is what drew me in. It's amazing! There's chandeliers and exuberant chairs, but then our napkins are dishtowels and common dress is jeans and flip flops. The whole place is an oxymoron. I adore it.

Oh and the service is amazing too. (FYI)
Yes yes, the pretzel fondue, of course.  But also, the salted caramel custard.
This is something I would not normally order, but at lunch for a coworkers birthday this was brought out and I'm glad it was. So good.
I had the shrimp Cesar too, and was impressed.
The ice tea was also tasty.
Looking through the drink menu I will be back, after work instead of during, so I can give them a shot!
I personally don't see what the big fuss is about. I've ended up a lot here recently because it is right below my office and that's where everyone wants to go for drinks and sometimes for lunch. I've come here multiple times with my office for happy hour and it took like 20 minutes before someone even took our order. My biggest complaint is that you can't do happy hour on the patio...you have to be AT the bar. Seriously...what is with that?  It is perfect patio weather 9 months out of the year here and I can't get happy hour outside? This is almost a deal breaker for me due to my extreme love of happy hour ON patios. Also, the service is pretty slow. . I do like the brown bag special just because it's funny and cheap and the Ahi Tuna Salad is good but not worth 14 bucks or whatever it is. I went the other night for a birthday dinner and they had live music which was cool. Convenience is what keeps me comin back. ...And the happy hour thing...C'MON.
This is a great restaurant across from the Fashion Square Mall in Scottsdale Riverfront. The overall ambiance and setting is more than warm and welcoming. I loved the industrial look with huge chandeliers and high loft ceilings. Kind of loud but energetic and fun. 

We sat at the bar since we wanted to take advantage of happy hour (Happy hour is only offered at the bar area). They offer Happy hour MON-FRI from 3 to 6 pm.  Food was good and cocktails (Great Moscow Mules and Moonshine Apple pie flavor shots) were even better. Our Bartender was super friendly and took care of us greatly. 

The pretzels with warm fondue were to die for!!! MUST TRY....Huge portion and meant to be shared :-)
I also tried the smoked salmon bruschetta, It was just okay nothing too special about it
I also had the Seared ahi tuna salad, it was yummy with a perfect amount of ginger dressing and wasabi peas without over powering the salad. 

Next time I am in Scottsdale I will be back for more.
When I lived in Scottsdale, this was one of my favorite places to bring out-of-towners. For those of you who are familiar with FRC's this one will not disappoint. For those of you who don't know what FRC's are look it up, and then come here. 

The only way to start is with the Pretzels with Provolone Fondue. If you come a second time or have several people the house potato chips are very good as well, but don't fill up on appetizers. Also, if they have a good "Yesterday's Soup" namely the tortilla, I highly recommend. 

I've had just about every entree and a couple of the salads, or at least tried. The Bistro Steak is a pretty good steak, but if you are looking for a good steak, head over to Modern Steak across the street instead. The two best entrees in my opinion are the 36-hour pork ribs, and the Fried Chicken. 

The ribs are so tender they literally fall off the bone if you try to pick them up so don't worry about them being messy, best if you use a fork. The fried chicken is somewhat of a mystery to me. I'm not sure how they do it, and I can't even put my finger on what exactly is different about this fried chicken than other contenders, but this is by far the best I've ever had. 

If you don't mind low-end beers, they have the "Paperbag Special" for less than $2, which is a bunch of assorted shitty beers. I always liked it to save money and create mystery. 

They have a book of cocktails with really cool names. I've never been one to order cocktails at restaurants because I ALWAYS feel like they are a waste of money, but if you're into that kinda stuff they have some seemingly pretty solid ones here.
We went here around 10pm for dinner, so we had no issues with seating. To start off we ordered some capitols, bread with olive oil. The meat was very good and you could taste the quality. For our main dishes, javier got the prime rib sandwich and I got the Italian grindr. We decided to split each. The au jus dip for the prime rib was very good. I usually don't like prime rib because its too bloody but this was cooked to perfection and was still very moist. I enjoyed this sandwich very much. The Italian grinder was delicious also, good quality meats and the dressing was perfect, not too sweet. We were too full to try desert. They had a live band inside which we didn't mind but not cool for a first date, you couldn't here yourself speak over the music. I will go again,possibly for brunch
I'm obsessed with the Fondue! If you've never been you have to have to have to get the  provolone fondue with the pretzel rolls. So good! but warning it is very filling. If you come in a group of three or more than one is fine with a meal but if there is just two of you, be prepared to take some of your lunch/dinner home or eat a salad afterwards.  

I also love the French Dip sandwich I get it every time because it is just so good and its one of my favorite sandwiches.  
Other good ones: fried chicken!
Great food and atmosphere... If in Scottsdale make sure pay a visit. Good for moderate sized group, perfect for relaxed conversation. Live music adds the right amount of ambient sounds without being overpowering. 

Food:
Ordered the pretzel appetizer, there's PLENTY to share so make sure you or your group are fans of soft heavenly bites of sea salted dough :)

Ribs- Falling off the bone tender and the sauce was especially tasty. I would order an extra side for additional dipping... The entire meal was superb!

I can't find the name of the cocktail I ordered but I thoroughly enjoyed it! A very creative and appealing drink menu some savory some sweet!
Another outstanding triumph for Mr. Fox, Culinary Dropout is as good as it gets at Camelback and Scottsdale. Go for the pretzel ball fondue and the incredible caramel popcorn custard desert! Everything in between is 5-stars too. Great ambiance, excellent cuisine - one of my favorites!
My best friend and I went here for dinner last night before a show.  There was a 30-minute wait to sit inside so we opted for patio seating.  The sun was shining on the patio so they put the shades down for us.  That fixed the sun problem but also eliminated the breeze and kept the misters away.  By the end of our meal we were pretty hot.  Our waitress was absolutely awesome.  She was really friendly and gave great suggestions.  Based off the yelp reviews we had to try the pretzel fondue and we weren't disappointed.  This was definitely the highlight of the meal.  There were a lot of things on the menu I wanted to try but I decided on the beef stroganoff.  My friend got the prime rib dip.  The stroganoff was decent but I would definitely try something else next time.  My friend enjoyed the prime rib dip but said it wasn't worth $17.  I was very impressed by the service level here.  Both hostesses and our waitress were just exceptionally friendly and really made the experience great.  I would definitely come back for more pretzels and to try something else on the menu.
I don't have any revolutionary thoughts on this place, but my friends and I had a great meal here when we were visiting the Scottsdale area. First, what everyone says is true, get the pretzels. The pretzel bites on their own are well made, and when you throw in the provolone fondue, they're just stellar. I could have eaten these for a meal and been happy. Our group had already done happy hour snacks before hand, so I stuck to a side salad for my main course; I needed some greens after loading up on pretzels and cheese.  There's not much you can say about a side salad, all the ingredients were fresh and the buttermilk ranch dressing had such a tang that it blew my mind. I also had a specialty cocktail made with blueberry moonshine and cucumber, that shouldn't have worked, but it did. 

Our server was friendly and the right amount of attentive. There was a guitarist at the perfect sound level. I thought this place had good food, and really excelled at the details to bring it to that next level.
My husband and I spent the Fourth of July in Phoenix because I had to catch a plane the next morning. We were looking for someplace nice to mark the holiday and also celebrate our honeymoon. (But remember, we're from Tucson, so our definition of "nice" is a little different.)

We'd been to a few of the other Fox restaurants and wanted to try something new. Culinary Dropout was open late, and their menu looked fun.

We certainly got what we bargained for -- classic comfort foods with a twist set in an alternative atmosphere that was really enjoyable. Initially, we were worried the place was over-hyped (lots of tattooed hipsters and a dining room that could have been featured in a Rock 'n Roll issue of Dwell magazine. Luckily the decor was a compliment to the food instead of a distraction.

We got the pretzel bites with provolone fondue for an appetizer, then my husband got the meatloaf and I got the fried chicken for dinner. Ho-le-cow the food was good. I mean totally delicious and better than Mom makes (sorry, Mom).

The service was great and the food was really something to write home about. We'd definitely come here again!
This place really ruined my friends birthday dinner, cancelled our reservation 30 min before we got there after they called me 2 hours before to confirm it. So they said it was a miscommunication so they said to come in we come in and were a party of 15 they only have table for 8 and said thats the best they can do ... Manager was beyond rude . I hate pulling the race card but the majority of us were hispanic and i felt we were treated bad for that reason. Food was ok service was horrible but the place was really nice nice decor horrible host and server so sad.
You can come here for a couple of reasons.  The first would be for a quality meal which is a good enough reason.  The pretzels and fondue are one of my favorite apps anywhere.  For dinner the pasta was fresh and delicious and I'd definitely order it again.  The sandwiches/burgers aren't that special and the fried chicken is pretty bland.  

The other reason you'd come here would be to get drunk.  Great place to do so.  On a budget?  No problem, order 5 brown bag specials and you'll be feeling great for under $10...that is until the hangover from 5 Old Milwaukees or Icehouses you just drank kicks in.
Very impressed. The food was great especially the pretzel fondue. The place is a bit loud when full
Solid food with great atmosphere.  Live music was a nice touch, and the volume wasn't deafening.  The most popular dish among diners was the pretzel and cheese fondue.  I think half of the restaurant ordered the pretzel, but we decided against it.  I was happy to see Jamon Iberico on the menu.  I did not get the hint of fruitiness, but it might not be the more prized Bellota given the price.  Overall, I think Culinary Dropout is a good option for causal dining.
D I S A P P O I N T E D!

I had long put off my visit to CD, but this last Friday was the day. We arrived and was greeted by a gentleman that I wasn't sure if he worked there or not, but soon it would turn out he was our server for the evening. 

He was very attentive and answered any and all question we might have had, even though the answers was straight off the menus description of the same items. But he took our drink order, and brought it out shortly. From this moment he circled our table and frequently stopped by, asking if we wanted to put in a entre-order - right after we have got our very extensive appetizer selection. (I found this very odd, because there is no way that we would been even halfway done with our apps before our entre would have been ready.) From this minute our waiter stopped checking on us, in fact he might have left the restaurant, and we had no service at all. 

*Food
I imagined this to be a culinary gem, but as nice as their cheeses are.. I must say I was greatly disappointed in the meal; most of all the hyped Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue. I cannot believe how this is raved about. The soft pretzels are most certainly not baked on the premises, and the Fondue could be made my Kraft. Shitty shitty shitty and overpriced. 

*Service
A place like CD needs to have great to outstanding service, but I found it to be the crappiest experience I have ever had in Scottsdale. Our snot nosed waited should be fired, and the rest of the eclectic bunch are so inattentive when we tried to flag them down, mainly for the check once we had been ignored for an hour. AN HOUR! 
(By eclectic, I mean that it is hard to see who is working there due to the extreme casual dress-suggestion of the waitstaff. Normally I am all for this, because you usually can pick out the waiters/waitresses by behavior and attitude. Nopes!)

*Ambiance
Here is the stars! It's a nice big place CD have here in Scottsdale, and even if I think the chandeliers is a bit much I like the layout and the bar area very much. Even the furniture. This is nice on many levels. This is where I give two stars, since the rest is extremely overrated. 

*Overall
The food is substandard, and I tried all over the appetizers. All over. I mean the Entrees could technically be divine, but then you might have to order it straight to the chef and pick it up yourself. I would have loved to have spoken to a manager about the lack of service - but the absence of service even made this into a mission for Ethan Hawke (if he'd choose to accept it). 

I will not come back. Unless it is to have a dinner meeting with a manager.
yummy pretzel fondue, good atmosphere, good customer service...they should switch up their selection every now and then. After a few visits, you find the one think you "like"...but its usually just a "like"....

When you order a burger, ask for the pretzel bun - delish!
I ordered the ribs, which were featured on their menu as one of their specialties.  They were undercooked to the point where I wasn't sure I should keep eating them.  Don't think about 'fall off the bone' ribs - think about 'gnawing on a piece of raw meat' ribs.  So why did I give this place 4 stars?  The 7 other people in my party all had food that was awesome, and their pretzels and provolone appetizer is worth it.

They seem to hire only attractive, blonde waitresses, which I'm not going to complain about, especially since everyone was very helpful and friendly.  Our waitress helped us choose drinks, food items, and skillfully shot down the table next to us when they tried to hit on her.  Service was prompt, and my glass was always full.

As I said, my ribs were bad.  Really bad.  But again, balance that against the pretzel and provolone appetizer, and amazingly, it was a pretty good meal.  My girlfriend had a sandwich, which was incredible, and the rest of the table really enjoyed their meals.

The atmosphere is fun, although not overly exotic.  They have some large, comfortable booths, great for kicking back in, and they have a lot of outdoor seating with misters to keep things cool.  I'll definitely go back, but I'll order something a little less risky next time.
The pretzels balls. ARE YOU JOKING ME. 

Delicious and a sick little place to have dinner. Very modern vintage in the place and good for a night out with the girls to have drinks and apps. 

Agave margs, yum
Incredible food. Fantastic atmosphere. Amazing place to go to break away from the norm.
Food was okay. I don't see what the big hee-haw is about....
This past Saturday night, my girlfriend took me to dinner here with a few friends to celebrate my birthday.  She heard me mention that I wanted to check out the possibility of holding my corporate Xmas party here.  Someone mentioned it and I hadn't been here yet. We checked in and we were told we'd get a text when our table was ready.  We hung out at the bar ordering drinks and after waiting 30 mins, I approached the hostess.  She advised me that we were already seated.  Well obviously we weren't.  No apology or anything, just hold on while they figure out how someone else took our table.  After we were finally seated, waiter came over.  He was ready to take our order right away, forget more drinks he just wanted to get the food on order.  Needless to say, this guy lacked basic customer service skills.  After taking our order by memory, he came back 5 mins later to try and remember the order.. Really?? Write it down if you can't remember it.  We made the best of this mess.  Food was ok, just tainted by the other experience.  I was shocked at the lack of caring about everything that happened.  Not even a visit by a manager.  Mistakes happen, but how your service responds to the errors is everything.  This experience cost your establishment a 6k+ party and a repeat customer.
I am typically wary of both Fox concepts and bigger chain establishments in Old Town, but there are a few I keep in my back pocket for fail-safe night out options. Culinary Dropout is one of them. The experience is always positive, the food is typically satisfactory and the drinks hit the spot.

The decor at this location is rustic, contemporary and lovely at the same time with a wide open space laced with wood accents. Live music is a nice touch and makes for a decent ambient sound when enjoying drinks with your party. I have really enjoyed the cocktails I've ordered here, which gives me confidence in their bartenders. Happy hour is great time to go with lower prices and decent options. Although I wasn't thrilled with the grill cheese sliders and their rubbery faux-american cheese aftertaste, but the salad of the day hit the spot. I've also had the burrata which was a true indulgence down to the last bite.

The staff has always been very friendly here whether it's behind the bar or table service. Even I have to admit this Fox concept is executed perfectly and is in my stand-by Old Town rotation.
Pretty solid. I would go back.  Pretzels and cheese,  same as everywhere that serves them.  Sirloin was good
We got the pretzel bites with provolone cheese fondue! That could have been a meal...u get like 15 pretzels! We had already ordered a Caesar salad and the Fried chicken....way more than enough. My husband got three good sized pieces of chicken with mashed potatoes/gravy as well as coleslaw.
the name says it all. he dropped out of culinary school, therefore don't expect the food to taste like a Michelin star.

It tried to be this hipster-ish vibe but falls short.
 
The food is okay. theres too many good restaurants in scottsdale, no need to come back to this one.
Well, my husband and I LOVE culinary dropout ...they don't have one in Southern California yet that I know of but we usually make it a point to come here every time were in AZ. We visit family here and my husband works here so when we get the chance to come we always do. We have never been disappointed . I love the cheese platter- pretzel anything there- drinks are always spot on-. We spend usually 2-3 hours each time were there just drinking and eating till we can't move. We usually go mid day and a lot during the week which is why we've never hit a real busy time. Tonight well be going so it'll be our first nighttime visit. Can't wait - foods great and drinks are creative
In my top 10 restaurants of all time. Hands down.

I've made several ventures to this establishment starting about 3 years ago with my best friend, Andrea. Since then I have tried a decent amount of items on the menu. I have NEVER been disappointed. 

Meatloaf: the thing everyone hates when their parent's tell them it's what's for dinner. Not the case if you've ever ordered Ma? The Meatloaf! at CD. The meatloaf has got to be the thing I order most frequently. It's moist and is served with Mashed potatoes and greens. I am in love. 

Aside from my love affair with the meatloaf, I could ramble on all day about all of the other amazing dishes Culinary Dropout has to offer. (Especially those pretzels with fondue). 

The aesthetics of the restaurant are incredible as well. I love the big chandeliers with the eclectic furniture all while being mixed with a wooden-topped bar. It's absolutely gorgeous and perfect for a date, hanging out with friends & family, or even a business meeting. The best part is their dress code is casual. 

The wait-staff is always pleasant. Always willing to suggest entrees to new guests (like my parents just the other night) and are very attentive. I like the fact that they can pretty much wear whatever they want to wear to work in as well. 

I have to say, I am not surprised at the quality and perfection that goes into this restaurant, considering Fox Concepts has always hit home runs with my taste buds.
was it that it was my birthday suprise dinner with 11 friends that makes me give such high stars? or that the waitress seamlessly handled 5 different checks, all while making sure our water and alcohol drinks were readily available? both of course. 

i also ordered a fish and chips entree and although it was a little bit greasy, it was delicious. the fries were a bit soggy, but that didn't stop me from eating them all. our friends ordered an app of the pretzel/cheese fondue...holy cow that thing is good. 

as usual, the decor of this place is classy, modern, sleek, but cozy!
I planned a surprise party dinner for my husband here on Saturday night. Two months ago I called and spoke to one of the managers who was very helpful in answering my questions and assisting me with the reservation. I called back twice during this time period to update the party size and each time whomever answered the phone was very nice. Of note, I also emailed their website re: parties at the FOX Restaurants and the person who emailed me back was a great help very as well. 

When my husband and I arrived our large table was set up by the front door so he immediately got an eyeful of all our friends wishing him happy birthday! It was great. Our server didn't rush us at all yet still was able to manage bringing drinks and food to our table of 11 with a good attitude. Water carafes were on the table as well so we didn't have to keep asking her. Some menu highlights were of course the pretzel bites (if you don't order these you're making a big life mistake), and the homemade potato chips and dip were very tasty as well. I ordered the rainbow trout with green beans and almonds and it was so incredibly tasty! I would certainly get it again. My husband got a birthday dessert on the house and our server was able to separate checks by couples which is so much easier with a large party. 

Once again a great experience here! That's what keeps me coming back!
Second time around, and I am not above admitting when I was wrong. 
This time the experience was way different. We had a server that was knowledgeable and on the ball - frankly, she was absolutely wonderful. The whole restaurant seemed in a cheerful mode and there was live music that I honestly paid little attention too. Even our fellow patrons seemed of higher standard than last time I visited CD. 

Food
My date had the Gorgonzola Chicken Salad, and I had the Chicken Curry. The salad was awesome, and next time I will probably go with a salad myself. I got the curry out, and I expected an Indian curry (don't know why) but instead I was surprised with a Thai-curry. Very tasty and very nice. It is served with potatoes (integrated, not as a side) which was an unexpected approach, but again very tasty. 
Dessert was unnecessary after our meal, but I went for it anyhow and sprung for the Salted Caramel Custard. It was a different take, and it looked great. It was super sweet though. Not my style of dessert, probably because I am a self proclaimed gourmand with a texture and consistency obsession - but it is a very popular item, well worth trying. 

Ambiance
I was so surprised how much I appreciated this place in a different light once I got a great server. This place is still feeding of off its own hipness, but that is all right - in fact it has its own charm. In fact I really enjoyed just being here and embrace my surroundings. (Possibly sipping on a paperbag special)

Service
We just had the best service. Our server was personable, and didn't hesitate to recommend when asked. I would love to give her all credit, but I don't want to hang out my fellow yelper by name ;) It made the whole experience just that much better. 

I wasn't going to come back, but I am sure glad I did. And I will again, and again.. and whenever friends from out of town comes by.
I really liked this place.  So obviously I listened to the yelp reviewers and had the pretzel fondue appetizer and it was delicious.  Everyone at the table loved it.  The ambiance of the place is kinda nice, I think I'd enjoy going there for some live music.  It was dimly lit and they had some football on, so all was good.  I had the meatloaf, something I'd never usually order out but I tried it.  It was very good, especially with the mashed potatoes and gravy.  Nice comfort food.  We also had that Spanish thin sliced smoked pork for the table which was great.  I got to try a piece of fried chicken.  While it was no Lolo's, it was damn good.  I'd order it next time.
Dakota, you know the food is bad here, why would you ever eat here again?  Great question, I am so glad you asked.  Having been here a couple times and been disappointed I had never intended to give it another chance, as Sam Fox restaurants are always guaranteed to underwhelm and chains should be avoided when possible.   A friend had a birthday party and it had been at least a 1+ years since I had been, so I went in with an open mind about giving it one more shot.  A friend had a birthday party there (unfortunately I could not talk them into changing the venue) after being handed a bunch of lemons it was time to make lemonade

The evening started off somewhat promising, they actually had a craft cocktail list (trying to capitalize on the craft cocktail craze and actually doing it well are two different stories) and the Mrs went with their modified version of a French 75 (very modified) which was Aperol, Strawberry infused simple syrup, gin, sparkling wine, and I believe lemon or lime, which was drinkable but a touch light on the gin, I went with a Perfect Martinez - My criteria for this selection was the products involved:  Miller Gin (excellent) Dolin Dry Vermouth (excellent) Carapno Anticia (excellent) and orange bitters (as long as you buy decent bitters or make your own you are fine here) and what came out was a slightly orangeish martini - a bit sweet and orangey but certainly drinkable.  That combination of ingredients in almost any ratio is probably decent.  Looking at the rest of the cocktail menu everything looked overly sweet and unbalanced but I could not resist the compulsion to confirm what I already knew and against common sense went with a Singapore Sling.  Which was super sweet bright red, wrong glass, wrong garnish, wretched drink - so in conclusion stick with items in a bottle here, the cocktail menu is for looking at not ordering from

Onto the food:  The soup of the day was Chili, which was salty to the point of inedible, the fondue pretzel with cheese dipwas up next, the pretzel quality was very poor, cardboardish and bland with the cheese tasting very processed. 

We ordered charcuterie for our meal (as we suspected the food would be bad - and the charcuterie at Arrogant Butcher [another Sam Fox restaurant] is solid) and that was delivered to the other end of our table (large group) so by the time they figured out what happened they were going to bring out the same order to us [because of their mistake], with the rest of everyone's main course, however the main's came out and still not charcuterie, so we ended up canceling that order (it was about 20-30 min between the mistake and the mains coming out without them correcting the error) We also got a couple of the mussel app for the table - which was fine, it is hard to mess mussels up, the broth was ok nothing exceptional

So after about 2 hours in with very little eaten or to drink other than water, a couple mussels, and a few bites of bad bread, and 1 ok cocktail - it was the most exciting time of the evening, time to go! The Bday Girl did have an excellent time which was the most important part

If you do have to go there, try not to eat anything and stick with beer or wine - and you will be ok
I came here last week for my birthday dinner was had a wonderful time! The ambiance was so cute and charming! My boyfriend and I started off with the "paper bag special", a surprise beer that comes out in a paper bag :). I ordered the mussels and they were DELICIOUS. They came with some sausage as well as two bread sticks. It was a large portion for a good price and I was stuffed for the rest of the night! My boyfriend ordered the pastrami on a pretzel roll which I would also recommend Our bill came out to about thirty dollars, what a steal! I would come here again and again!
Walked into a fairly empty bar about 5pm during happy Hour (3-6pm). They do offer mugs of any12 oz beer on tap for $3, which appears to be a good deal. It seems it would cost $6 for a 16 oz glass in normal hours. Saw some food coming out, a few things looked tiny (Grilled cheese sliders and salmon brushetta), while the $6 pretzel deal was a large portion. I ended up with a fine choice for 3 bucks, which was the housemade chips and onion dip. This should have been shared, but I ate it all. The chips were wildly good, not greasy, and super crunchy. Onion dip contained real onions, no Lipton soup here, and it was cold and fresh. Very attractive and friendly staff, but this place isn't a sports bar, a bit more refined. There was one TV in a corner of the bar luckily because I wanted to watch baseball playoffs. It was a great night with the open air windows and then I finished off the night with the $1.95 brown bag special beer. It was Hamm's (which I had never had) and a bargain for Scottsdale. Place filled up around 6:30, but still plenty of elbow room at the bar. Good place.
Ordering the pretzels with cheese fondue is an absolute must. Drinks are pricey, but creative and tasty. Moscow mules are always a safe bet if you're wavering. The food is decent and there is a fun vibe here. 

Although, I much prefer the service at the phoenix location. The servers in scottsdale seem less genuine and give you a vibe that they are MUCH better than you. My tip would be to not be a server if you don't have the time or patience to deal with people.
Delicious!!!!! Grilled cheese sliders, fries, pretzel fondue, and onion dip are all amazing!!!!
This is a nice place to get a good dinner/cocktail. Well prepared food consistently cooked to satisfaction and skillfully poured craft cocktails.  Honestly, I have no complaints aside from how loud/busy it can get there (but that comes with the territory of a successful establishment... So don't count that as a complaint).  The menu might seem pricey to some for what it is (mainly modern American) but its worth it. I'd suggest the 36 hour Pork Ribs for those with a strong appetite, or the Rainbow Trout for the lighter side. Both have been absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for some good casual dining.
Probably my favorite Fox concept, great atmosphere and good take on new American foods.  

The fried chicken is amazing, Ma' The meatloaf is good, MAC burger is awesome and the mussels were tasty.

The cheese and meat plate is great starter, bit pricy but good.

Plus good looking staff.
I'm not giving 5 stars bc I feel like there's ALWAYS going to be room for improvement, but this place really blew us away. We weren't expecting much. We were in town on business and just picked a placed randomly on yelp. They didn't have the steak for my co worker but did a special order Asian infused skirt steak for him---- AND he said he was in the mood for chili fries so the kind waitress Karen said she would make it happen. The soup that night happened to be chili, they had cheese and fries---- BEYOND delicious!
We were a rather large, loud and knit picky group. She joked with us, did everything we needed and was prompt. 
We got an array of things from the menu. I got a burger--- sorry can't remember which one bc I had had 6 drinks at this point. (Acai mojito was smooth & alcohol stuffed!) 
We were considering a drive back but the $100 roundtrip cab ride was the only thing that made us decide to stay local to downtown Phoenix. If I'm ever in the Scottsdale area again.... Culinary dropout will be a stop without a doubt!
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants! I love everything from the cleverly named and delicious menu items, the tasty selection of cocktails and beers, the hip and glamorous decor that Fox Restaurants are known for and the friendly wait staff. Also, your food tends to come out really quick which when you're ravenous is always good to know. This is the kind of restaurant that I'm never not in the mood for. I recommend ordering the pretzel fondue (a must have really), the Mac Burger (which is their take on the Big Mac) and to wash it down with a Wild Blue beer. A meal that's worthy of your cheat day! Delish!
I really love going to Culinary Dropout for a drink. The place is so cute and it is in a great location. The patio is really nice to sit at for a drink and so is the bar. 

However, my love of Culinary Dropout ends with the ambiance and the drinks. The food is just so-so. I've tried everything here from apps to salads and nothing has been very good. All of the food is heavy and overly seasoned. 

If you just wanna grab a quick drink before heading out this is a great place, but I'd pick somewhere else for your dinner plans.
First of all this is the type of restaurant I could see myself conceptualizing so I was sold when I first was told about it. 

The food is great! The menu is definitely a mixed bag but all of it is d'lish. The atmosphere is awesome. Culinary would get only 4 and 5 stars if they fixed one thing. THEIR SERVICE!!! 

Your hostess suck! It's almost worse having a bad hostess than a server because the hostess is a persons first impression when entering a restaurant. The wait staff needs it's improvement as well.

Pros: 
- awesome food
- great atmosphere
- heart of downtown Scottsdale

Cons
- bad hostesses
- so-so service
- horribly long waits(they may forget about you on busy nights)
- snobby attitudes from staff at times
I've eaten at Culinary Dropout enough times that I've probably tried half the items on the menu. It's a great place to enjoy a "hip" evening on the town. The outdoor seating is especially nice and they have heat lamps for when it gets a little cold out. The pretzel fondue appetizer was a crowd pleaser. The meatloaf, butternut squash cannelloni, and chicken curry are standouts on the entree menu. The best aspect of this place, though, is the amazing service. The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive.
I know why this is called the culinary dropout!  We got there about 4pm - shift change - tables were dirty - place was too. We say outside. Hostess had to clean the table. Place was 10% full - AKA Empty  - I know why!  We sat down five minutes later and waited...and waited...and waited...finally the hostess comes back to serve us...she was great by the way...I ordered the soup of the day...that was good. My date the house salad...that was good too. Service still spotty though...I ordered the Fish and Chips and my date the steak dish. Fish was soggy, not too hot either and as for the chips, there were only a few on the dish...fish was terrible!  Fries cold as well. The steak was awful as well. The G.M. ought to be fired. The FOH is a mess, staff confused, dress inappropriate, and for the BOH, they are truly dropouts for a reason! What a waste of $60!  Never again!
I overindulged here last night in a pretty grotesque way.  Our server Corey was on the ball - when we arrived these HUGE, delicious platters of charcuterie and cheeses and accoutrements and bread and everything else you'd ever want were laid out on the table, along with, oh 7 different wines (there were 10 of us - don't judge).
Imagine my surprise when the menus came around after I had already eaten my fill of meats and cheeses to the point of wanting to unbutton my pants.
I knew I didn't have it in me to officially eat anything else, so I ordered the kale and sweet potato salad (which was delicious, and which I will be eating for dinner tonight) and held my fork at the ready to steal a bite of everyone else's food.
The chicken curry was spicy and delicious.  The fried chicken was okay, but had a weird "undertaste" that I couldn't quite put my finger on.  The meatloaf was as good as my Dad's, and that is saying something - it was seriously delicious, and was like, mini loaf sized, so not a small portion.  The ribeye was perfection - a little crunchy on the outside from a perfect sear, perfectly medium rare, and delicious.  Those pretzel bites with cheese fondue are about the size of tennis balls, so be ready for that - "bites" they are not.  I couldn't leave that alone unfortunately; I am a huge sucker for liquid cheese.
At this point I seriously wanted to die.  I could hardly breathe I was so full.  That is until the desserts that my sadistic dining companions ordered came out.  The monkey bread was good, the chocolate tart thingy was good, but friends - the caramel custard with caramel corn on top?  I will dream about it.
The staff is super hip and cool, the girls are amazing looking and fantastically dressed to boot, the guy performing with his guitar was perfection, and the decor is something out of my dreams.  How do you not like this place?
Loved this place. Great service and food in a really fun setting. The appetizers were delicious and reasonably priced. Cant wait to go back.
After a Saturday of late night partying, I would totally recommend this place for hangover recovery. The Sunday lunch crowd comes in there causal hip clothes. Great place for drinks and food. Portion size are small. The mall is across the street for shopping before or after eating.
Pretzels & Fondue are great. Drinks are creative (but overpriced and small). Food is decent. Nothing to write home about but not bad.  Fun atmosphere. I mostly go for the pretzels and fondue. Reasonably priced.  There have been multiple times I've been appalled by the outfits of the waitresses. Too much skin showing, beyond inappropriate, on the verge of a strip club.  Also, without any waiter uniform, you can't tell waiters from guests.  They need a dress code. Also the music is much to loud when they have live bands. Don't go on a Friday night if you'd like to have conversation.
I would be the crazy lady with a pom pom in the corner shouting "PRETZEL FONDUE! PRETZEL FONDUE!" when the server came to take your order. The other day my daughter had salami for the first time and told my husband, "I want to marry 25 salamis." That, my friends, is how I feel about the pretzel fondue. Of course, if you aren't a pretzel lover to begin with, ignore my rant.

Also decent/interesting is the bacon Bloody Mary. I don't know if I would order another one, but I was glad to have tried it and, honestly, who doesn't like stirring their drink with a thick, delicious slice of bacon? I also ordered a meat-filled sandwich with spicy peppers. I can't remember the name of it, but I have a hard time believing there is a similar menu item. It, too, was delicious and very large. I took it back to the hotel and ate round two several hours later, before falling into a food coma. 

Our server was super sweet and they had nice outdoor seating. The atmosphere is casual and it seems to attract an eclectic group of people. It is part of the Fox restaurant group, if that means anything to you as far as their quality of food goes.
I always give new places 2 tries.  After the 2nd time around, this place was alright.  First visit got the seared tuna salad and it was pretty good.  It had kind of like an Asian gingery kick to it.  Second time got the chicken curry.  It was decent, but was missing rice.  Curry is normally served w/ rice, but thought it was odd that I didn't get rice with it.  Atmosphere is nice especially having a girl's night out or just hanging out w/ a group of people.  Price-wise...it's a bit on the high side for simple food (meaning nothing too special about this place).
Love the atmosphere and personalized attention from staff. Great food and upbeat clubby back ground music. Great stop.
Yay! I'm a fan. Their meatloaf really is delicious. I NEVER order meatloaf and rarely eat it at all, but I decided to because the waiter recommended it. My friend got the curry and it tasted really good too. 

The best part was the dessert. We got the caramel custard with the popcorn on top and it was SO good. A little sweet, but worth getting. We both were fighting over the last bites :)

The live music was also really fun and I just liked the overall atmosphere. It seemed really fun and lively. I can't wait to come back.
Burger, Bloody Mary w bacon were all deelish!!
Such a fun atmosphere.  The inside is just as fun as the outside.  I found the staff to be friendly and their style complimented the vibe.   Great place for drinks, and the delicious food always helps after a few.  Definitely left full and happy. I started with the the grilled asparagus, then the pub burger and finished with their version of monkey bread.
Wanted to like it... The hipster staff would be better suited for the Arcadia area. Plaid, plaid, plaid. Reminds me of the Vig staff. Food is ok. Gone three times with my employees for work lunches. There was always some sort of issue with someone's grub. Surprised it isn't perfect once I was told that Sam Fox lives on the same corner...
Everything I tried here was delicious! Fried chicken is great, as is the crispy shrimp Caesar salad. Drinks are a little on the expensive side- $6 for a beer! Cute atmosphere and a nice patio with heat lamps.
Man, I love this place. Seriously. 

The decor is awesome.  The huge wingback chairs.  Bench seats.  Leather couches.  Chandeliers.  The wallpaper.  The nook where the band plays up front.  The bar.  Heck, even the people are pretty. ;)

I love their pretzel bites and the meat and cheese boards.  All delicious.  I had a bite of the meatloaf and I gotta tell ya, didn't love it.  I'm honestly not a huge meatloaf fan so I'm not a great judge, but I didn't even feel that the green beans were very delicious.  (That's okay by me though, I would never order the meatloaf.)

I had the red blend of the wine and it was really yummy, my friends all did mixed drinks or beer - all were satisfied.  

There has only two things I was dissatisfied with in the two times I've been.  1.) Convenience of parking...(just valet).  2.) The service on my second visit was terrible.  There were 6-7 of us all having cocktails, but not loud by any means.  Our waiter wanted nothing to do with us.  He failed to explain that the meet and cheese that my two friends ordered would be on one plate.  Typically that WOULD be self explanatory, unless two people order it separately not sitting next to one another.  That was awkward when one person ate the food for two people.  When asking for the other individuals food the waiter rolled his eyes and quickly explained they were both obviously served on one board.  Could have been good information to know ahead of time.  My only point from my rant is, if you don't want to deal with groups in social settings serving may not be the occupation for you.  As a friendly group of people we're never a pain to serve and are always happy to tip! :)

I have no doubt I will be back to Culinary, maybe I'll give the one in Phoenix a try - it looks like it has a pretty cool vibe to it. :)
I went there on a Thursday evening around 5:30pm.  It wasn't all that packed and I was seated by the kitchen in the back against the wall looking out.  It was a sunny evening.  When I first heard of the name, I thought, wow, people who dropout of the culinary school must all go there.  I was totally kidding with that remark.

My date and I ordered Chips & Dip, it was homemade chips, not too salty and not too oily, which was great because I didn't want my fingers to be all greasy and sticky; We also had Korean Chicken & Shrimp on sticks, it doesn't have the flavor of being a Korean food and it tasted blend; Their HH food and drink items are just $3, it's totally worth the buck.  And the beer came in a small cute glass, it will definitely fill you up.

Our server was Benjamin, he's service was excellent.  If you aren't sure what to order, make sure you ask him as he'll tell you what's good and what's not so good.  Try it out the next time you are in Old Town Scottsdale.
Great location across from Scottsdale Fashion Mall and the service here was good. Still busy on a Sunday night but we were able to walk in and get a nice table on the patio so that was nice. Our server was definitely attentive and happy to offer recommendations and answer questions. My friends got the Fried Chicken which they loved. I got the  BBQ Ribs with coleslaw and  fries. They had a good flavor and the sauce was good but I doubt I would order them again. The rib where super fatty, and the meat didn't come off the bone very easily. The coleslaw was heavily dressed. And I had to complain but that was the smallest serving of fries I've ever seen at a restaurant. Although they were tasty.  I'm usually a huge fan of the food at Fox Restaurants but this one didn't hit the mark. 

I would got back and try something else but I'd probably more likely go to one of their other restaurants first.
Good place to come eat while shopping, nice outdoor patio and bar. If not crowded, just do it!
I really enjoyed this place.  Came here after shopping with my mom and wanted to try some place new within Fashion Square Mall.  Our hostess was awesome!  We wanted patio seating with a heater...it was cold in the shade and she made it happen.  

Our server was awesome too she was very helpful and answered all our questions as this was our 1st visit.  We started with drinks and then she suggested appetizers -chips with their onion dip.  AWESOME!  They were delicious.  We decide to split the chicken salad and she warned us it had mayo ....classic chicken salad.  Glad she mentioned that.  We also ordered the soup of the day which was "yesterdays" soup and it was excellent.  

The staff was awesome and the food was great.  We both enjoyed our chips, salad and soup along with our wines.  The whole experience was great!  Yes...I would come here again.
Liked the a la carte appetizer concept. My food was good and decent craft beer selection. Server was friendly. Main negative was loud music made it difficult to converse. Pounding bass of techno music reverberated so you could literally feel it.  Asked if it could be slightly reduced but it was not possible. Seriously guys if the music was less deafening you'd still be hip and people could actually converse and enjoy the without shouting. If I had read this review I would have known to choose a different restaurant.
Cool atmosphere and bar, and also a great outdoor seating area. Loved the pretzels and fondue.  I ordered the fried chicken.  I was disappointed when it came out with cole slaw, which wasn't mentioned on the menu.  It wasn't in its own little cup and had leaked mayonnaise all over the plate.  So the chicken and biscuit were all soggy on the bottoms.  Chicken also seemed under seasoned and generally lacked flavor.  Also- some staff were dressed really inappropriately (daisy dukes that showed the bottom of butt cheeks).  That was rather unappetizing.  Wouldn't return.
Wasn't impressed as the food we ordered was average with a minimal selection. Mostly younger folks, lots of drinking
Good, though I wasn't overly impressed. Very nice server, and reasonable prices, though our group didn't leave there thinking, "That was amazing. Gotta go back!" I should mention that the inside appearance is very nice, and I'm sure I'll give it a second try sometime down the road.
This is a very noises restaurant!  Patio seating is the way to go because the heat lamps are warm and its great people watching. Great beer selection!  I think the antipasto menu is the way to go if I ever return. 
Not the best of the Fox restaurants but it's crowded on a week night so there must be done hidden gem I missed.
My husband and I we're exited to try this new restaurant we heard so much about... I was presently surprised, the food and the service were great, loves the olive, cheese and cold cuts platter. It can be a bit in the expensive side, but with trying.
This place was ok. Good location on where the restaurant is at. The beer selection is nice. As far as the food it's not the best. The appetizers on the cheese is so minimal. They need to have a cheese platter. The baked chips is good. This place is good to eat at if you want to drink and snack.
Love this place! The food is wonderful! It's classic american with a twist. GO HERE if you LOVE FOOD
My friends planned my going away party here and the food was great!! Definitely get the pretzels if you go there!
We Love love love this place. The food is excellent. The fried chicken and the pretzels are unbelievable. I give them a 4 since 90% of the time the service sucks but worth it anyways
At Costco around the holidays, we bought $100 gift certificate for $75 for any Fox restaurant.   We were going to go into olive and Ivy but changed gears and decided to try this place.

It wasn't bad.  We sat at a table with two comfortable sofa chairs.  The menu was a bit sparse.  Mostly sandwiches and bar food.   We started (as our waitress suggested) with a cheese and meat appetizer.  She had the chicken club.  I had the turkey pastrami and opted to try their Matador margarita (a ginger flavored margarita.) 

Everything was tasty.  The waitress even brought us gratis a bowl full of caramel popcorn as a dessert to much on.   All said and done it was $52 plus tip.  

It's not a bad place.  Typical FOX concept restaurant.  We would go again.
Second time we came here, first time was just for drinks.  Typical fox concept feel, but the food was downright gross.  Our whole party all tried different food, and now everyone feels half sick.  Would never go back to eat.  Service straight up munches pork butt, that and some indigestion and you have a culinary GED.
Went for lunch.   Ordered Pub burger well done and fries.   When burger came it was cooked medium.    Red throughout and juices red.    Not even close to well done.     Mistakes happen and that is fine so I sent back burger.    My burger came after my lunch date was already done eating.

The second burger was cooked OK.    The food overall was just OK  not good or great.    Nothing outstanding about atmosphere.  

Most disappointing part was they charged me for the burger and did not offer anything to compensate for our ruined meal .   My friend had to eat alone and so did I.  No manager came over to apologize. 

We will not go back.   Too many other great choices in that area.
I don't think there is a Fox concept restaurant that is not good! Pastrami sandwich rocked!
Great atmosphere.  The pretzels and cheese appetizer is an absolute requirement.  Good craft beers as well
One of my favorite places to take visitors.  The pretzels and potato chips are amazing. Sit outside if it's warm out.   Only reason it's not 5 starts is because they got rid of the beef stroganoff.   By far the best thing on the menu and they got rid of it!!!! Bring it back please!!!
Cute place with excellent food and service.

We found the delicious food to be on the heavier size - for example, their infamous pretzel bites with cheese fondue is worth the weight ;-)   My husband and I ended up getting a few small things instead of an entree after starting with that, but everything we had was amazing!!  Their Antipasti are a la carte, which is perfect because you can choose only things you like - especially nice for vegetarians!

Great experience for a friend's birthday - really excellent service for our large party, great food, great drinks, and a nice, boisterous atmosphere.
Fried chicken was awesome, great atmosphere but a bit too loud for my taste. 
Service was great even though it was packed.
Sometimes I enjoy my meal here, sometimes I don't. Kinda hit or miss. Love the pretzel  balls but don't care for much else here. Great staff.
We attended the 4-course beer pairing and I highly recommend it.  The service was amazing and fast.  The pairing experience lasted about 2 hours and you are seating with other diners at a table that seats 16 people so you have an opportunity to really interact with the other diners which for us made the experience more fun.  If you are not a social butterfly this type of dining experience may not be for you.
During the pairing the beer representative made his rounds explaining what we were drinking and the history behind the beer and how it is made.  The chef also made his rounds after each course was served to give us the ingredients and techniques used.  Overall a great experience, plenty of service and we didn't have to do anything.  The only things that could have been a little different was the lighting was very dim so reading about our experience or reviewing the catalogs that were on the table was difficult and it was at times difficult to hear what was being said over the restaurant and other patron noise.
Food is good..on the weekends its always a long wait and the musicians are def not of my taste. Plus its super loud when they do have musicians. But i would definitely get the pretzel fondue its pretty awesome.
After receiving a Fox gift card from a co-worker my guy and I decided on Culinary Dropout to go use it at. The atmosphere was fun, hip and cool with a warm evening to round it out with outdoor seating. We had already checked out the the menu before heading over so we already had an idea of what we wanted. To start I got the brown bag beer just cause it sounded cool and the soft pretzels and cheese which were amazing!! I also got the grilled chicken club and the "cheap house salad" yes that is the real name. My guy got the chicken curry. We were both pleased with the food it was good portions with good flavor but it was nothing that really wowed us. For it being a week day evening the place was about 2/3 with no wait for a table however our only negative comment during the meal was that it seemed to take the waitress quite some time to come back to us  to check in and offer the check. All in all it was a good meal and nice atmosphere.
My favorite restaurant in Phoenix!
The pretzel fondue appetizer is always a hit, and I loved the kale and sweet potato salad. Culinary dropout knows how to do healthy-tasty right! Can't wait to go back!
This hip, hot spot blew my husband and I away. It is casual, fun, and the comfort food menu is inventive. Additionally, the service was outstanding. We started out with the pretzel fondue. Amazing and flavorful. The pretzels were small balls of dark bread, about the size of a kiwi, that were coated lightly with salt, and light. Perfect for tearing them apart, and dipping in the cheese. I had the Chicken Gorgonzola salad, which was full of toasted almonds, fresh vegetables, chunks of chicken salad that were yummy and dried cranberries, Yummy.  My husband had maple glazed salmon with farro, and brussels sprouts. The waiter told us the glaze was amazing, and it was. It complimented the flavor of  the salmon, which was perfectly cooked. The side dishes were very tasty as well. Don't miss this little gem. It's well priced and nothing short of spectacular.
No country for old men

Demographically I don't fit the mold.Guy over 60. Had a beer finished it,after 10 minutes finally had to grab someone for a second one. Ordering to go .We will see,I am invisible in this place.
We went back to the Culinary Dropout for a second dinner during our stay. We had Butternut Canneloni -Delicious and light. Could split it as an appetizer or have it for an entree. We had the monkey bread for dessert, which is a combination of warm apple pie and cinnabons. Yum.  If you want to go back a second time to a restaurant during a week's vacation, you know that the restaurant has to be great.
Just brutal. They have a mandatory policy that waiting list has a 10+ minute wait to sit down. We came in as a party of five and they told us 90 minute wait and we waited over 20 minutes and 6 tables were completely empty. We complained to the hostesses and manager and they didn't care at all. Props to the servers we talked to as they were very annoyed they had empty tables when it was obvious there was people waiting.
If u wanna be pleasently disappointed, stop by. We enjoyed our food with plenty of salt and mayo...thank god it's dark. Monkeys are dying on Africa...check out the menu.  Bring a camelbag cuz the bartender takes so long to pour a drink.
What happened? I hate writing bad reviews more than anything because I love promoting local business. I hate writing bad reviews for restaurants I've previously had amazing experiences at even more. 
    To say the least, customer service here, at least last night, was horrendous. We arrived at peak dining hours--around 6:30, and knew we wouldn't be able to glide right in to a table so a wait was understandable. The first hostess was friendly enough and told us it would be about an hour and a half to two hour wait. We ordered drinks from the bar (really good!) the el diablo and the beer shandy and snagged seats at the outdoor bar. The bartender was a little arrogant and sarcastic which could definitely put some patrons off, but whatever, I had a good drink and can handle some snarky comments. 
    What killed me was when I went to check on our position in the line around 8:30. I walked up and all three hostesses were standing there talking and acted like I was intruding in on their conversation. She told me it would be another forty five minutes to an hour. Hadn't we already been sitting and waiting for 2 hours? I was annoyed and put off by this. We decided to leave the bar and stand in the lobby. To my distaste I watched as the main hostess greeted three men and when they asked how long the wait would be she responded "everyone is canceling, it shouldn't take long". I get it. Young hostesses want to flirt with cute guys, but c'mon. Customers are standing right in front of you that have been for much longer than "it won't take long". 
      Finally seated at 9pm. The food was delicious and our waitress was speedy and friendly. What a shame that I left with a bad taste in my mouth, and an even bigger shame for my friend that I brought who had never been here before. Not a great first impression for her.
Excellent service, delicious food, great drinks, all-in-all a fantastic restaurant - Go there now!
What's not to like about Culinary Dropout? The antipasto was not only phenomenal, but during happy hour is an incredible bargain. If you're into vodka, the Moscow Mule is a fantastic drink served in an old-school copper cup. The ribs were incredible and almost too much to handle for one person. I managed to finish them off though. Full menu at the bar, and the service was great. This is a very cool hang out.
Cool-looking place, decent food, pretty good service.  Why only two stars instead of three?  We made a reservation over the phone, showed up on time, and still had to wait over an hour, being lied to repeatedly by the hostesses in the process, while other groups with later reservations were seated before us. Not worth it.  Avoid.
We are here every year for Spring Training and we stay down the street, by far the best bartender is , BLAKE he is amazing. My boyfriend and I are bartender from Northern California and a he hands down has made the most amazing drinks I've ever had! Dirty martini shaken with an olive??? Wow. Man I've learned so many new techniques. You my friend are here to stay. Service and drinks top notch! Come here! You'll be missing out if you don't!
I had given up on Culinary Dropout over a year ago after my first couple of trips.  The food was ok, but the service was not good and there was a general chaos and disorganization that seemed to permeate everything.  Last weekend we returned for the first time to meet some friends, and I have to say that the experience has changed dramatically.  The service was en pointe, the food was very good, and we had a fantastic time.  They have turned things around and we will definitely be back.
Eh.

First, the dress code is really off-putting. If I had children, I would never bring them here. I felt very uncomfortable with half naked women walking around in what I thought was a "nice" restaurant.. it just seemed very unprofessional. 

We had a coupon for free pretzel fondue, which we've had before and loved! I can't believe it's 10 dollars though. Really?! It can't possibly cost more than $2 to make. 

I ordered the pub burger and was completely unimpressed. I asked for well done and the meat was pink inside and oozing liquid which made me bun soggy (gross). Also, there was barely any BBQ sauce... I couldn't even taste it. The pickle was delicious.. and the fries were below average. 

My husband got the grilled chicken club and didn't care for it. 

Ultimately, there was nothing on the menu that we were excited about... Nothing sounded good. (besides the over priced pretzel fondue).

I doubt we will go back, there are so many other choices out there. 

OH AND THE MUSIC IS TOO LOUD!!!!!!!
I've been to Culinary Dropout for dinner several times now and have always had a good experience. We tend to eat early so I haven't encountered the lines or service problems other reviews have mentioned. We've always been seated immediately and have had great service. A few people have mentioned the way the staff dresses; it is true that the female staff dresses somewhat.... uniquely. I'll just say the words "wholesome family restaurant" are probably not what comes to mind. 

Anyway, all I care about is the food, which is excellent. My daughter loves the Iberico ham. Their Iberico isn't the 36-month aged acorn-fed amazing stuff you get at Robuchon, but is still quite good. My other favorites there are the Korean-style ribeye cap, fish and chips, pub burger, and fried chicken. The ribeye cap is a must-have, imho. Tender, juicy, and a unique flavor from the marinade. The batter used on the chicken and fish and chips is really nice - very light and airy, crisp and crunchy. The fish in the fish and chips is fresh and flaky. Flavors in the chicken and fish and chips aren't particularly unique or interesting, but the batter, quality ingredients, and perfect cooking really serve to elevate them. The pub burger (with bbq sauce and bacon) is flavorful and juicy. The only dish I've been disappointed with was the meatloaf. Waiters on two visits recommended the meatloaf so I broke down and tried it even though I'm not a meatloaf fan. Sad to say that after trying it I'm still not a meatloaf fan. YMMV if you're partial to meatloaf.

Drinks are a bit pricey, and I wouldn't pick this as the place to guzzle cocktails but the bar area always seems to be hopping. 

Overall, one star off for lacking a bit more creativity in the menu, but four stars for solid execution on what they do have, along with very comfortable seating at both tables and booths.
Nice to place to hangout.  I couldn't find much on the menu that really excited me so I got the Turkey Pastrami.  The sandwich was huge and was fine.  They have really good drinks.  I also like the live music.
3.75 stars. My friend and I were new to the area and decided to try something different. We waited to be seated for about 45 minutes. The decor of the resturant is very interesting and I enjoyed the overall experience. Our waitor was great! The food was good and they have a selection you dont see to often...like the pretzels with fondue! I would recommend this place if you need to grab a bite because it is a different ambiance from most resturants.
This place is perfect! Somehow, it can accommodate a family setting with children and a typical scottsdale bar hopping crew at the same time! It has delicious food but the drinks are unbelievable. BEST BLOODY MARY in town!!
A very eclectic menu here, something for everyone.  The food is excellent, but the music was a little loud for us.  Otherwise, it's a great place to have a very nicely prepared, flavorful meal.
Great food! The balls are great. Staff is nice. The curry chicken was bomb. Was a nice treat from out of town. The drinks are different too. A+++
This was recommended to me by the concierge at the hotel I was staying at. I was by myself and sat at the bar. Definitely a lively place but the bartender was attentive. He made me several excellent cocktails. 

The food was decent, although my mussels were a bit undercooked....definitely not good for shellfish. I had the kale salad as an entree and they added salmon to it for some protein. All in all tasty, but not outstanding.
I was so excited to try this place out for my best friend's 22nd birthday, but I was really disappointed. We had a reservation for 12 people, but the birthday girl and I got there 5 minutes early so we could sit at the table and be ready when everyone got there. The hostess was very rude and said we were too early and that we needed at least half of our party to be seated. Firstly, 5 minutes is too early?!?! Secondly, when we had 5 people she would not seat us, because we needed 1 more person... 
When we finally had 7 people she looked us up and down very disapprovingly (probably because we weren't in skimpy clothes) and walked us to our table.
The place was packed and very busy, and our waiter was running around a little frantic. I understand it's busy, so that didn't bother me much. He was really great and said happy birthday to the birthday girl and apologized for not coming sooner. We all ordered some pretzel bread, which was amazingggg, and some drinks and he was really excited for us to be there. However, we didn't order a second round of drinks and he got very cold and started to become almost rude. Apparently if you're not a big drinker don't go there, even if you order $300 worth of food. Overall, wouldn't go back or recommend, but the decor was awesome.
This is the place to go if you want comfort food. Fun menu and cool decor.  This place definitely has the South Scottsdale vibe going on here. However, I went in the afternoon and there were a couple of tables seated with kids and strollers. So, I think this place is pretty accommodating to all.
Great place to eat. Very impressed with the meat and cheese appetizers. The main courses were unique and not too pricey considering you're in the heart of Scottsdale. 

This place is a must visit if you want a quality dining experience that won't break the bank.
Let me start out....I am a huge fan of Fox Concept restaurants and have had nothing but good experiences at most, except Culinary.  The staff and service are both excellent, but I cannot get on board with the food.  Nothing special and a little pricey for what you are getting.

The atmosphere and decor of Culinary are both awesome and trendy, but the menu needs a little updating.  The drinks are fun, but the salad and the burger that I have had are bland, dry, and not worth the cost.  

I am always more than excited for a Fox Concept restaurant, but Culinary is not my favorite.
I love the atmosphere aThe music is great also but usually a bit too loud. Will definetely go back!
I was in Scottsdale last month for a work function and one of our colleagues recommended dinner at Culinary Dropout. I loved the  feel of the restaurant. It wasn't pretentious , a little against the grain (another plus for me) & food was top notch.  We had the prosciutto deviled eggs and humboldt fog cheese  for appetizers. Both were delicious. I washed it down with a Kilt Lifter. For dinner I chose the Korean style ribeye cap while my friends ordered the meatloaf and ribs.  The ribeye was perfectly seasoned and cooked exactly as ordered.  Everyone in my party enjoyed their meals and commented  several times about the quality of the food, atmosphere and  friendliness of the staff.  I highly recommend it and will go back next time I'm in town.
One star for the atmosphere besides that the food was really bad I got the grilled cheese sliders and they were just plain gross. The cheese was nasty and tastes like it was fried in old grease. Harsh I know.
Skip it.  Great atmosphere, but over-priced mediocre food.  Grilled cheese was nothing more than I could make.  Chicken club was edible... But nothing special .  Food quality was way below expectations and nothing was very good.
First impressions last the longest.  This was our first time there.  We were impressed with the atmosphere...very "hip" (and loud) indeed.  

Our server came to our table...he could have been a homeless person for all we knew...bearded out, tattooed, gadged earrings, and a nose ring that told us he was a rebel and perhaps did some prison time?  Rad.  He took our drink orders. Came back with our drinks and my date and I asked for straws...came back with un-covered straws.  What I mean by that is he came back with straws that were open to the elements.  Whatever.  I put my straw in and took my first sip of Water and to my dismay, tasted something sweet on my straw.  It appeared that something was on my straw!  Was it our servers sticky fingers?  I wasn't thirsty anymore.  Diner's beware, ask for a straw with caution. Drink responsibly. 

We ordered the pretzel fondue for starters.  Very good. (Thanks Yelpers)  Asked the server for suggestions as to what was good there and he basically read the menu...thanks man....not helpful but thanks anyway.  It was then that I decided that it was my goal to see if I could make him smile or show some sort of human emotion  (I failed...). He was a bit of a harda$$.  Hard to crack but he was "hip"...fitting place for him to work. I ordered the ribs.  "36hrs" of something enticed me to get them.  Meh. They were boiled and had a decent sauce in them.  Nothing special.  My date got the fried chicken.   She offered a bite, I took a bite and grease poured out. Nasty.  That just tells me the oil used hasn't been changed for a while.  Mmmm...tasty. 

Overall, great place to drink and people watch.  The Scottsdale crowd is great to entertain us people watchers.  Food and straws are funky.  For that I give them two stars. Maybe that's why their called "culinary dropout".
Love this place, great food and great service!
I was a huge fan of all the staff! Everyone was alive with energy, the waitresses wore cute little dresses, the waiters were all boy band like! Not a place to take your kids in the pm hours , but you are coming to drink, and eat right?
. This is a trendy, fun, chic little spot. Great drink menu and an amazing selection of meats and cheeses to nosh on. The black mussels,, to die for!  i was so full I did not even get to try an entree which means we'll be back!
A few friends recommended Culinary Dropout, so gave it a try on a Friday night.  While it was busy, it's a very large space with outdoor seating, and we had no wait for a table.  It's in the Scottsdale Waterfront area, many restaurant choices so guessing you can always find a spot to eat without a long wait.

The menu seemed a bit small, but some good choices.  I had the Rainbow Trout which was fantastic and I'd have it again in a minute!  My girlfriend had the Kale Salad with Bacon.  I tried it and liked it, but she thought it was so/so (too much dressing for her taste).  They also had a Bacon Bloody Mary on the menu (though neither of us tried it as we were having drinks later).  Would go back to try that.

If you are very conservative or a bit stuffy (or planning on going with someone who is), be prepared as it's a bit "hipster".  One odd thing was that they had a live musician.  "Interesting" choice of music...he started playing a Quiet Riot song ("C'mon Feel The Noise") but as more a folk song.  Not really our thing so didn't stay long after dinner (there were more lively venues elsewhere in Scottsdale).

Would go back again, though there are other great selections in Scottsdale that I might go to first.
One of my favs and the fried chicken is totally worth the wait!
Went here late night with some buddies for some grub during a Bachelor party!  Food is great, atmosphere was great, music was great.. overall a very good time!
Stopped in for lunch so I did not experience a wait. Loved the atmosphere and the staff was really nice and attentive. The food was tasty. I had the pretzel fondue and the Italian chopped salad.
There is nothing not to like here.  Must try the fondue pretzels.   Sit at the bar if you can for good interaction and people watching.
yum!  two words..roasted artichoke!
Have been wanting to try this place for awhile, so I took my mom for mother's day.  I made a reservation via open table, for 3 pm the Saturday before.  It's a great space.  Lots of indoor and outdoor seating, and not your typical tables.  Big, comfy chairs and big tables.  Music was louder than what should be at 3 pm, suggesting a night club atmosphere, and with the big tables, it was hard to hear conversation.  Food was "fantastic" as my 15 year old daughter said.  She had the fried chicken.  My husband ordered the meatloaf, which he said was almost as good as my mom's.  :)  Since she was dining with us, that was more to save face, I think.  I ordered the kale salad with grilled chicken, which I thought tasted like a True Food salad.  (exactly what I would want)  My dad had the french dip, he enjoyed it.  My mother ordered the gorgonzola salad, with grilled chicken.  This is where it gets....not so good.

Her salad came with lettuce and chicken.  No cheese.  We looked for our waiter for quite some time, and finally flagged down a hostess.  Our waiter came back, only to explain that the cheese is mixed in with a chicken "salad" and since she ordered grilled chicken, they don't mix the cheese in with that.  He could give her some cheese, but it would be an up charge.  My mom is 70, and with that age comes a bit of frugality.  She knew I was paying for lunch, but didn't want me to get charged and "up charge" for it, so she got a little....mad.  The waiter brought over the cheese sauce they use for the chicken salad, and she put it on her salad and liked that.  There wasn't an up charge for the sauce.  

A little bit of drama that didn't need to happen.  From both parties, IMO.
Every time I come here for drinks and dinner I am more and more impressed. The service is great and the atmosphere is awesome. The live music is always so good and add so much to the experience. This place is great for a date night or dinner with friends. I recently took a group here for a bachelorette party and it was so enjoyable. They accommodated our large group effortlessly and the food was fast and delicious. I recommend the preztel balls and dip for a snack or appitizer!!
Best fried chicken.  Period.
This is a great spot in downtown Scottsdale.  I am visiting from NY and found this place to be trendy with a great atmosphere and even better food. Everything my group of 4 ordered was amazing. Definitely order the frIed chicken or ribs as an entree. The pretzel fondue was fantastic as well.  If you are visiting Phoenix you need to check this place out.
This place is pretty gooooood.  I think the meatloaf is still my favorite by far, but the best part is imbibing on too many cocktails.
The food is always good, and they are always changing up the menu in someway! I tried a couple of their signature cocktails this time and really enjoyed them! Another great experience!
Okay....a restaurant is called Culinary Dropout which lead me to believe it was probably another "foo foo" restaurant......I was wrong!! Went there for the first time today and found it casual and a good place to kick back with friends. It has a good variety of appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, etc. We had a couple of appetizers and then I ordered the chicken tortilla soup......it was incredible! I am a "tortilla soup aficionado" and this was as good as any I have had in the valley. Will definitely go back!
Just tried Culinary Dropout for the first time - delicious!  Of course the pretzel bites with cheese sauce were great but we also enjoyed the burrata, roasted beets, and grilled asparagus. Great table out on the patio and the staff was super friendly. I will definitely be back.
What a great experience! Saira our waitress was awesome...the ribs are amazing and her suggestion on adding kale to the salad! Thumbs up!
Been traveling last week through America and this was by far the best food I have eaten. Steak was cooked perfectly and service from staff was awesome.
Back for the second time in 3 days and Culinary Dropout did not disappoint. A late lunch on the patio with great service by Jake. Of course I had to get the pretzels again but I also tried the chicken club sandwich. Everything was delicious and I have this restaurant as one of my favorites when I visit Scottsdale.
I love this spot for hh. $3 mug beer (not too bad of a selection), a good variety of apps for $6. The pretzel fondue is a MUST - it changed my view of pretzels and cheese! Everything we ordered was good, service was pretty good and it's a nice area to enjoy outdoor dining. Check it out for HH!
second stop on our booze cruise. we arrived a few minutes before the horde of other riders so we got a spot at the bar. 
we asked the bartender about the moonshine drinks and she was able to explain them (it's not like the 'shine my grandpa use to make....). we tried the blueberry, apple pie, and strawberry moonshine drinks. they were all tasty but not too sweet. 

when the other riders (about 100 of them) showed up, the place got busy. but what was so impressive was watching the 2 bartenders work that place! they were in such a flow, it was amazing how fast and smooth they worked! 

we didn't eat this time, but they have a good, albeit small food menu and the decor is as usual, very cool!
Great food, okay service.  Could use harder workers and people who are a little more attentive to the customers and less attentive to how they look.
This place was beyond cool. Geared toward the young adult crowd. This place is a gastropub with occasional live music, a great menu, and awesome decor. They have these leather couch benches that extend the length of the entire restaurant. 

The food was delicious. Culinary dropout of not, this chef knows what's up!

The corn, avocado, kale, and beet salad was one of the best salads I have ever eaten. I added a piece of roasted salmon and it was cooked to perfection. The portions are huge and I was flying home the next day, otherwise I would have taken mine home to eat again.

We did not order the pretzel and cheese dip, but we saw it brought out to a bunch of tables and it looked really good.

They also have really interesting cocktails, of their own creation. I had this cider drink with lemon flavor and something else added. I wish I knew the name because I would order this a million times over. The also offer a surprise beer in a brown bag for $1.95. Too cute. It is actual served in a brown bag, but it happened to be a Milwaukee brew.

We had a small issue with the bill not matching the menu price, but that was corrected once we brought it to their attention. This cost them a star because if we hadn't noticed then they would have up charged us.

We had a great meal and incredible drinks here. This is a great spot for groups or even a date night.
Ambience was a little odd but ok.  We ordered the pretzels with the cheese fondue to start off with.  The cheese was cold but it eventually melted with the candle under it.  The pretzels were only hot on the top of the top layer no doubt from a heat lamp.  They were cold inside.  Otherwise they had a good flavor. 

For the main course I had the fried chicken.  The chicken was not worth the wait.  The French fries were burnt,  the Cole slaw was nasty, and the biscuit was cold,  although the butter was melted.  My wife had the prime rib and was not impressed either. 

The 2 stars are for our waitress.  She was really nice and she can't be responsible for the menu
Pretty much agree with the other reviews but have to say that the super long wait for a table and ridiculously loud atmosphere (although it is really kinda cool and trendy) is worth it for the turkey pastrami sandwich. Forget everything else on the menu and get this sandwich. Just do it. It's the best sandwich I've ever had and I've had some amazing sandwiches and I'm super picky, too!! The cole slaw is amazing. The turkey is smokey and lean. The pretzel bun is to die for. SO good. We also always get the cheese plate. We're from Wisconsin. We know good cheese. This place has a great cheese plate. I also tried the grilled cheese sliders but seriously, nothing else is as good as the turkey. Sat next to a guy who almost had an orgasm over the monkey bread dessert but I didn't try it (should have!) Overall, it's worth the wait and noise but they really, really need to get on Open Table and start taking reservations. Would help a lot. Also need some waiting areas and to cut back on the volume of the music or add some acoustic elements so you're not deaf when you leave. Wouldn't mind some better cocktails, too. I've had two and neither of them were very good. I'll go for wine next time. Will still go back for the food but hope to see some improvement on the flow of the restaurant, overall. I'll continue to try to go on weeknights and late at night so I can get in without standing outside for an hour.
It was my first time here and I absolutely loved it! Food was delicious and staff was very friendly. Very clean and comfortable. Will definitely be back!
My teenage daughter and I used to love this place! However, the service is getting so bad... We likely won't be back. I thought maybe because they are busy... but as they started to clear out it got worse! We sat for over two hours, one drink and had to ask for it twice! We asked for BBQ with meatloaf, twice... She brought it when we were done. How do they stay in business?
The food is just OK.  I liked the pretzel bites, and they definitely the slew of good brews they have.  But Meh I wasn't wowed.  Go there for a before dinner snack, and you'll be happy
Many recommendations brought me here. Sadly I don't think it was that good. The service was poor due to the clueless waitress not knowing much about ingredients in the items on the menu and the food came out cold. Also, our entrees didn't come out at the same time. Couldn't really tell if food was that good bc it was cold. I didn't try some of my boyfriends famous turkey sandwich but I didn't really think it was anything to brag about.
Went for dinner with my parents. We had an antipasti plate with prosciutto, jamon iberico and manchego cheese - absolutely delicious! I could've eaten it for dinner! Instead, I had the chicken curry and it was wonderful as well, but not nearly as spicy as I would've liked. I would definitely return!
Drove by and decided to give it a try. Had the 36 hour pork ribs. The best ribs ever!
Very good restaurant with eccentric vibe. Got the Gorgonzola Chicken Salad, very refreshing on a sizzling day. Staff all around were super nice! Would definitely go back.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the music, the service, and the food. the crowds didn't bother me and the music was nice too.
Love this place!   Don't forget the to start with the pretzels!!
Awful. The staff here is a joke. Made a reservation a week in advance for a group of 10 people for a bachelor party. They gave away our table as we were waiting and were forced to wait another hour as other groups arrived and were seated promptly. Definitely ruined the one group dinner event we had planned and did a good job of making us feel as if our business did not matter.
I really had high hopes about this restaurant but we were honestly super disappointed. I started with a bacon Bloody Mary and it really missed the mark. We also ordered the pretzel bites and the crunchy shrimp Caesar salad. I get those three things pretty much everywhere I go and I'm really just not feelin dropouts version at all. The best thing I ordered though was the shandy with strawberries and shock top. It was so delicious. Sam was our server and she was wonderful. Nice atmosphere might go there again for drinks.
The name says it all, culinary dropout, food and service both worthy of expulsion. 

I have never been so disappointed or disrespected in a restaurant as I was at culinary dropout.  I placed an order for pickup and when I arrived, the food was sitting by the cash register at the bar in the open. It wasn't under a heat lamp or in anything to keep it warm, I even made a comment to the rude bartender who wanted to finish drying his wine glasses before approaching me asking why the food wasn't being kept warm and that it would be cold before getting home and his response was that it was warm. Then he printed out the check and all he said was "cheers!" 

I ordered the steak, fish and chips and soft pretzel, all of which were cold and soggy, the steak was already cut up and half of it was fat. Not just marbled with fat, pure  yellow fat! The fries were soggy, fondue dipping sauce was solidified, fish and chips were cold and limp. 

Giving the restaurant one star is generous, they can bet their bottom dollar I won't be returning,
I've been to Culinary Dropout a couple of times; the first time I took it as a fluke since the service was so poor, but after another experience that was similar, I'd say it was not a fluke.

The first time we went in we opted to just sit at the bar & have drinks & dessert. No one was attentive; we had to flag down the bartender to take our order & get our check. Additionally, I got a lot of attitude when I told them that I didn't really like the dessert. Overall, it was just a blah experience, especially considering how much we paid for our order.

The second time we went, the service was a little better than the first time. We sat down for dinner & ordered the mac burger & the fried chicken. The coleslaw which came with the fried chicken wasn't very good; if ordered again, I'd get just the chicken with mashed potatoes & gravy. The mac burger was large & my date seemed to enjoy it.

Overall, however, I find that there's nothing great about the meal or the experience when dining at this restaurant. I understand there might be other meals that are worth the money but as I've experienced it, I can't justify going back & getting $16 fried chicken & mashed potatoes.
Great place for hang out playing games with friends and family! Delicious food, best Bloody Mary's!!!
Incredible food! I have had several items on the menu, and every time I am blown away. Great service, location, and specialty drinks. One of those places I always bring friends and family when they are visiting from out of town. Definitely recommended!
There are very few places that I go to eat.  I'm a big guy, I'm picky, and I know what I like.  I took my mom in to Culinary Dropout the other day, and I must say, I WILL be going back!

Starting off, the hostess was extremely presentable and nice, and extremely courteous to us. She was by far the best hostess at any place I have ever been to.  

She sat us in a section across from the bar where it was half booth and half table,  and our servers name was Tyler. 

Tyler was awesome at explaining the menu and the antipasti menu to us.   

Alas, we did not order the antipasti.  Instead we ordered what any sane person would order there.  The soft pretzels.   They are amazing!!!!!  
We then ordered our own food. I had the hoagie and she had the equivalent of a French dip.  Again every thing was amazing.

Tyler then can back and explained the deserts to us. We chose the Monkey bread..  Ladies and gentlemen, if you do not know what monkey bread is, you need to go there and order it.  It's quite possibly the best dessert I've ever had...  


All in all, this place is a solid 5 stars. No joke.  All the staff is fashion forward, well groomed, and it's an all around fun place to start out your night!
Have been here twice.  Food is good.  Just think its a bit overpriced
Irish Pubs are not my thing at all - so it seems odd then that this particular one was easily one of the best nights out I have ever had!

Having decided to show up simply for a quick drink before heading to the cinema, myself and three friend ended up staying all night and completly missing the film.

The staff are funny and fresh - drinks are cheap(ish) and the decor is modern and yet still distinctly Irish Pub-esque. However, these are not the reasons we ended up staying for as long as we did - the atmoshpere is fun and energetic, one of the most relaxing and comfortable places I have been to in a long time.

Needless to say, I will be back to Malones - hopefully before the next St. Patricks day!
Malones is a brilliant new Irish themed pub with booze and banter in plentiful supply. 

From the street it looks relatively small, but looks can be deceiving. Once you're in and past the bar, the place is massive; there are booths to sit in and high tables with stools, if you look up the ceiling must be at least 50ft high. They have live music every night, and it's surprisingly good - so good in fact that my friends and I thought it was a CD playing until we clocked the band on the stage. The staff are all friendly and welcoming, and will happily ply you with shots (tequila,sambuca and Tabasco - definitely not one for the fainthearted!). 

As those with some Irish in them might say 'it's great craic'!
From the outside, Malones looks like yet another typical Irish themed bar in Edinburgh! However, once inside, Malones has plenty of surprises in store! 

The bar, which, at first seems to offer nothing apart from Guinness and Guinness Extra Cold offers a range of drinks and delicious themed shots! On top of this, Malones, sells crisps from Ireland, crisps which are a cut above your normal Walkers! 

From the bar, you are struck by the size of the place! Upstairs, Malones offers several booths while on the ground floor you won't be stuck for any seating! The place has been indulged with Irish themed decor which in a large bar makes it seem quite warm and cosy! 

This bar has had many different faces in recent years, however the thing that makes Malones stand out from Odd fellows or Fat Cow is that it has a energetic atmosphere which is created by the fantastic music on offer! Every night bands play live, with traditional folk music too quick paced Irish songs on offer! 

Malones goes beyond the typical Irish themed pub with its energetic atmosphere and music, and adds to the already legendary pubs on Forrest road.
Malones is an Irish bar and unlike many pretenders to this title it follows through.  The main drink here is Guinness and compared to other drinks it is reasonably priced, both because Guinness is slightly cheaper here and also because other pints are slightly more expensive - there's only one pint they really want you to drink and it's with a sigh they'll pour anything else.  That said they do offer a good range of shots and the barmen do know their spirits.

If you're lucky enough there might be live music on and if this is the case you're in for a treat.  I've never seen a bad band here and more often than not they've got strong Irish roots.  For the experience it offers this has to be one of the best Irish pubs in Edinburgh.
This place has changed hands (and names) 3 times in the last three years, so when Malones took over from The Fat Cow I really didn't see it lasting that long. But I was wrong!

The inside looks like the standard Irish pub, with lots of dark wood and green and beige dcor, but they've quirked it up a bit by painting famous quotes about all things Irish all over the walls which kept me entertained when my friend had nipped off to the loo. We perched in one of the high booths in the window, which offered a prime people-watching vantage point, but they have a whole load of sofas and tables throughout the huge downstairs area to choose from.

Drinks are roughly 3-4, which is more exensive than a lot o other bars in the area, but the service was fast and the beer was cold, so I didn't mind. We were only there for a few quiet afternoon drinks, but I've heard that it gets really lively in the evenings and from what I saw advertised they have regular ceilidh nights and live music evenings, which I will be sampling soon...
Malones is a great Irish pub which offers friendly staff and comfortable environment for you to relax in.  The drinks are reasonably priced with most pints costing less than 3 and so it's an ideal place to go for either a quiet drink with friends or a good session before hitting the pubs.  
The decor is interesting with lots of maps, pictures and Irish memorabilia to look at whilst you enjoy your drinks.  The staff are lively and are perfectly fine with you getting (slightly) rowdy before heading out.  Whether you're just chilling out with some friends or properly going for it, Malones is the place to come.
Irish theme pubs are seldom places I really want to be, usually presenting a stereotypically twee picture of the nearby country which in all honesty I often find a bit patronising towards Irish people themselves. Much like the Scotch aren't all face painted, kilt-wearing "honourable savages", the Irish certainly aren't all comedy drunkards.

Malone's is a bit more respectful in it's Oirishness, and feels a bit less tacky and contrived than 90% of the Irish pubs you'll find littering street corners as far away as Sydney and Tokyo. They should have kept the old venue's name of "The Fat Cow" though, you can't go wrong with that one.
This pub has taken on many guises over the four years I have lived in Edinburgh and this is probably my favourite. 

I usually find Irish themed pubs horribly over the top and cheesy but Malone's has got the pitch just right. You can definitely tell that you are in an Irish bar but no one is wearing a Guinness hat, or forcing you to wear one! 

I think it also helps that it is a great venue; it's really spacious, loads of seats and all the staff are cheery even when it's packed out. 

There is an upstairs level that looks over the bar and the lower level which is fun for people watching and when there is live music on (which is every night!) you get a good view of the stage. 

A couple of times I've been the glass collectors come round and ask if you need another, then you just pay them and they bring drinks to the table- no queueing or effort requires- excellent!
Quite probably the best Saturday night venue I've found since my return to Edinburgh! Never even knew about the father pub, The Fat Cow, but when last I graced the floors of the now-grandad, Oddfellows, the atmosphere was sporadic dependant on day of the week and time of the year (aka. whether or not the students were around).

And the early hours of my first visit to Malones found it to be no different, in fact I was largely unimpressed because a) I don't do Irish bars, and b) they took away the biggest, bestest, most extensive video jukebox I'd ever laid eyes (and hands) on.... gutted!

However after about an hour or so a funny thing happened..... a pub crawl of American tourists came sauntering in. About 40 of the blighters. And suddenly the place was livened up. Hallelujah! However, knowing these jollied-up visitors were on a pub crawl, I thought best to prepare for the come down of when they were to leave again, headed for their next stop on the crawl, and Malones to come off the boil again.....

....only an even funnier thing happened.....

...when they left..... Malones had somehow got BUSIER!! Like an army of students, tourists, backpackers and locals alike had snuck in amongst this horder of pub-crawling Americans and set up camp right under my nose! where had they come from? I didn't even know Edinburgh had this many people!!?! How could this be? What had happened to this accursed venue in the year I had been absent to suddenly skyrocket it's popularity??

And then the guitarists came on...

Now I'm quite easy when it comes to live music. I love it. I'm also aware that not all others share my open-mindedness on the subject, however for sheer atmosphere, banter, liveliness and fun, Malones has succeeded spectacularly in the wake of its failed predecessors. And the large majority of neighbouring venues.

HIGHLIGHT: Revolution is still close enough to suck in all the chavs like moths to a flame, keeping Malones relatively ned-free!

LOWLIGHT: The nearest and most easily accessible after bar venue is Dropkick Murphys...! 'Nuff said.

Note to Malones: Must obtain late license!
As everyone else on here has said, I was very pleasantly surprised by this place.  I remember the days of Odfellows (when it had this annoying huge open un-used space), The Fat Cow (when that space was broken into equally annoying hidden booths), and now Malones (which has combined open space with booths which aren't hidden).

The only time I've been here was during Fresher's week when a friend was playing a gig.  I'm about 10 years older than anyone who could even consider attending a fresher's event and despite feeling quite out of my element, I was still able to see and enjoy the bar for what it was.  It was full of people having fun in what has turned out to be a well-used, well-decorated space.  You can even get away to the upstairs tables which seem to be always available, even when the main bar is rammed.  

My friends have eaten here and have reported well done pub fare, so I'm now looking for an excuse to come back here for a bite and a pint.
I stopped by here for what could well be my last meal with the ever-awesome Mr M for a while in Edinburgh armed with a groupon voucher. It was a Wednesday night, 6.30ish, so this review is mainly of the bar meals rather than the Saturday night pub vibe that Joe A and Emily V describe.

The groupon voucher gave us one main and one dessert - anything we liked. So it was the standard menu fare, rather than a special meal. The menu has your regular pub dinners as well as an Irish section with some delicious sounding things - especially the warm haddock salad. There was also a breakfast salad which we both found highly amusing. Ah how Irish. Take salad. Add bacon, sausage, egg et voila - Irish salad. Anyway.

I opted for the chicken burger as I wanted spice (with added jalapenos) and Mr M had steak (obviously). The staff were super friendly and chatty, recommending lots of things off the menu. I was torn between the chicken burger and the chicken soaked in cider with cabbage and mash.

When my burger arrived it had cheese on it which I hadn't asked for. Meh I scraped it off as I wasn't overly fussed to send it back but when the waitress saw me doing this she offered to get me a new 'top of bun'. I'm sure they would have made me a fresh burger if I'd asked, and she seemed genuinely apologetic. So that was nice. And I got extra jalopenos.

The food itself was totally A-OK. Not overly inspiring, but definitely well done pub grub. Chips were crisp, the chicken breast really deliciously seasoned with an almost sweet spicy Jamaican flavour. Also my apple crumble for dessert was too good. I planned to only have a nibble but the stewed apples hidden underneath were plentiful, mixed with giant raisins and cinnamon. This was definitely hand made and made with love. None of that too-much-syrup not enough fruit nonsense. Chris' sticky toffee pudding disappeared toot sweet as well.

Overall it was a nice central spot to grab a hearty if not-too-healthy pub meal on a lovely sunny Wednesday evening. Great great staff, would go back here for a drink at the bar and banter any time. For a pub in the middle of a student area it hasn't fallen prey to quite a few of the vices that they can (sticky tables, bored staff, uninspired food, same old same old.)

Nice one guys, nice one.
Unfortunately I didn't get the chance to sample their offerings as the 'doorman' asked myself and my two friends if we wouldn't mind 'going some other place'. On asking why, we were told we were 'too drunk'.

An interesting observation given we hadn't been drinking???! On informing said knuckle dragger of this slight flaw in his argument, his response..."arh, ummm, arh...urghh". 

Too many great pubs in this town who readily welcome sober, responsible folk, as such will not bother with this venue again.
Me-likey.

I was having a great time at Malones, listening to music through the speakers, having some fun conversations, getting a pleasant little sugar-rush off my cola (hey, no judgy lil' eyes there, we were going dancing and I needed my head about me!),

What can I say, it's a rather lovely bar, there's a balcony upstairs where you've got some uncomfortable teenagers eyeing each other from the darker corners (awwww), and the odd predatory man in a shirt that's too white and too tight (ewwwww).

The public looks decent, the only downside was that they started playing live-music. Why? Well, because it was a. not very good, b. too damned loud so all pleasant conversation had to be stopped (and we were upstairs from the band) and, c. it was well, Saturday night .. I don't want live-music on a Saturday night before dancing. I want cheesy pop-chart music that makes me giggle inside.

Yes, you can start ripping my a new one for that, but careful there, I have dance-moves that I'm not afraid to unleash on the next Gaga song, fair warning! I will use my powers of awesomeness against you.
I was here on Sunday for their St Patricks day celebrations. I had an excellent time however this was more due to the company than to the venue itself. 

I have good things to say about it though! 
Guinness is very good. 
There is lots of room
The staff are fairly good craic.
The live music is good.
They have lots of TV's for sport if you're into that sort of thing
The music they played was good (if on repeat)
It's the best of the 4 bars that have been in that location since I moved to Edinburgh.

I have a few bad things to say about it too
The toilets are rank and got worse and worse throughout the day
It gets REALLY BUSY sometimes.
They have tables in really stupid places that make it hard for people to flow past the bar.
They seem to apply completely reactionary and mad one in one out and bouncing policies rather than using NUMBERS TO COUNT HOW MANY PEOPLE WERE IN THERE


Other than that I it;s a touch expensive for what it is. 3.80 for a guinness. 6 for a double vodka coke..... Touch on the expensive side for location.

Still I enjoyed it - maybe you will too....
This bar gets stars because it has Club Orange and Taytos. It has all the usual Irish road signs around the place, which always makes me laugh as this seems to be a staple for Irish bars abroad. Other than that it's an OK bar. Sometimes I like it, sometimes I'm not that bothered. This is probably more personal preference as I seem to like smaller, cosier bars, but also I have found in the past the service can be a bit slow, and this was when it was quiet not at night when you expect it to be hectic. This might have changed though as the last time I was there it was my friends who went to the bar. I did go to their Father Ted "Tedinburgh" event which was great fun, and I would recommend. I like that it's full of Irish and if I feel like I'm missing Ireland a bit I can go in there and hear all the irish accents around me.
It's been a while since I reviewed Malones - just under 2 years ago. I've been quite a few more times since, but not much has changed from my first impressions. But I do feel it's only fair to give them an update and since my first chicken burger here, I've been to Malones for football drinks, Fringe festival venue drinks, drinks with a big group, drinks with one or two people, and each time it's been totally a-ok.

It is an Irish bar, first and foremost. (See Sara C's review excitedly stating they have Tayto chips. When I was last in Dublin I failed to try Tayto, although I did try King's Cheese n' Onion as recommended by a Dublin Yelper. Not bad at all). Anyway, it's an Irish bar and it plays up to that theme. Tayto chips, lots of Irish decoration, big on the ol' St Paddy's, and hosting a Father Ted night: Tedinburgh.

I've never had any problem here NOT being Irish, and I think it's a place that lots of Irish folk go. So if you want to meet the man / woman of your dreams, and in your dreams they just happen to be Irish, you could try here.

It definitely feels like an 'institution' or at least a chain, rather than a traditional, old-man, Irish boozer. It's got 'student bar' and 'sports bar' even written all over it. It also has lots of live music, that is perhaps played a tad too loud.

It does, however, have lots of space, lots of booths for big groups, and an upstairs and downstairs. So it's highly recommend for big groups who want somewhere to go, drink and potentially eat. Food isnt great but it's not terrible. There is better nearby but hey, it's grub all the same.

I don't think I'd choose to come to Malones unless I had a craving for Tayto's or an Irishman. But it's got a charm all of it's on, so it does.
I love this place so much. It's almost always a stop on student pub crawls so on any given day you will find some club or society acting silly, which is great. It's a lot bigger than other pubs (2 storeys) and has lots of drink deals. My friend Garret and I loved going there in the middle of the afternoon for the free wifi to drink and do work.
If you want to see a sports game it's also a good option. And once a week it has live music. The drinks can be a bit expensive when you're on a student budget, but it's not a dive bar so don't expect the prices to be super cheap.

Do check it out! From the outside you wouldn't expect much but head inside and you will be pretty impressed. You walk in and see a seating area for about 10ish people and a bar up ahead, but once you hit the bar you see the massive interior in the back. Upstairs there are big booths with a gallery view down to the main floor, which is a great place to see the live music if you aren't dancing. 
When I was in Edinburgh for uni I was here at least once a week, and for good reason!
It's your standard pub. Drinks are average and the prices are similar to what you would find at nearby establishments.

It can get pretty rowdy at times though, especially since a lot of uni students like to congregate here. It's fun! Worth stopping by but I probably wouldn't plan my night around it.
Situated in the picturesque students' union building Teviot, the Library Bar (not to be confused with the Library Cafe!) is one of the nicer student bars operated by the Union, which makes it a little bit more expensive!

It's aptly named, as there are old, valuable looking books encased in glass cabinets, spanning the two floors of the bar. The food served here is quite wholesome, and though there are snacky options such as nachos and duck springrolls, they also serve a range of impressive pasta dishes and I would certainly recommend their burgers; big and juicy with a generous side of chips and salad!

The bar is extremely cosy and is richly decorated; maybe a bit strange but the first thing I picture when I close my eyes is A LOT of polished wood! It's also great for events, as I've been to a university ball there. 

This is one of the few university cafes/bars I would recommend to the average Edinburgh tourist, because the food here rivals that of any other in town, especially for the price, and I could spend hours in those comfortable chairs... maybe even fall asleep!
Within Teviot there are a number of bars and the most popular has to be the Library bar. It only came into existence a couple of years ago when it was decided that Teviot needed a new classy bar. Since it was open I have to say it has become one of my favourite student union bars.

Spread over two levels, with a spiral staircase connecting the two, the Library Bar has a rustic, old library look with a slightly more modern looking bar. The majority of the bar is dominated by dark wood furnishings and many, many books in the glass cabinets. 

The bar opens really at midday when you can order lunch, food is then served till quite late at night. The food is good for a student bar, but at times, service has been slow and sometimes the food has not been as hot as it should be! 

However, apart from that drinks are at student prices and additionally you can order cocktails which are slightly more expensive. The bar has acoustic open mic nights, a quiz night and you can play board games, ranging from Risk to Trivial Pursuit!

This bar is always lively during semester time and does not disappoint!
First off, you must be warned: Do not eat the food here. Seriously. I mean, ok, that might be a bit too harsh. I may have got them on a bad day, but they managed to overcook the pasta to the point that it crumbled in my mouth. In a bad way. Also, don't order a Bloody Mary. They don't understand what it is. I'm fairly certain the last time I did what they gave me was tomato juice with black pepper. And that's it. 

But, as far as university bars go, the Library Bar is the best one. It's also the one that looks least like a hole. It's got lots of pretty old books lining the wall. But beware! You're not allowed to touch. They're such teases. 

To be completely frank, the best and possibly only good thing about this bar is that it's really cheap. You can get a pint for about 2.50. And their range is ok. I mean, could be better, but not totally disappointing.
Really good food (burgers, pizzas, pasta, nacho menu) you would easily pay twice as much for anywhere else in town.  The library burger in particular is quite nice, as are the pizzas, though there can be some inconsistency in the quality of the pizzas and pastas.  Beer is also well-priced with a decent selection, and the atmosphere is classy, with 2 levels and comfy couches if you wish (and if they're not taken!).  It can get quite busy in here, it being in the student union and all.  

The downsides are that the food quality can vary a bit more than I would like - e.g. pizzas not being done exactly right, pasta sauce slightly more liquidy on certain days - and the tables never seem to get wiped/cleared promptly, or at all sometimes.

Overall, I find it hard to convince myself to go eat out anywhere else, as it will cost twice as much for similar-quality food, and I love the ambiance!
I loved hanging out here as a student, nice atmosphere, friends about, and can't beat the prices!  Sometimes overly crazy, but also sometimes quiet to sit and play scrabble.  Recommended - as it is a quintessential of Edinburgh attached to the esteemed university.
I have a dream. My dream is that one day I will be sitting on a plane, and a very rich old man whose intentions are completely pure will strike up a conversation with me. It would have to be a long flight because he would have to learn a lot about my future plans, and what I want to do with my life. 

Here's an intermittent transcript of his half of our conversation:

-Edinburgh?! When I was a boy...
-You remind me a lot of my daughter... died.
-Teacher, are you? Well...
-Such a bright (young) woman...

-A bar - in a library? What an innovative and brilliant concept!...
-Books? On the wall?...
-Two floors? Winding staircase... hmm...
-Desk lamps on the table?...
-Serves coffee and tea during the day?...
-Cheap beer and mediocre food at night?...
-Ahh... I see...
-Yes. Like a local... a place where you know everyone...
-Like Cheers!?!?...
-Oh no? Not like Cheers.
-Hmm... 
-I love a good investment... here's two million dollars. Good luck to you. 
-No, no... I don't need any updates...
-Send me a postcard... 
-Let me know you're happy...

Unfortunately the Library Bar has already beaten me to the punch. I will have to take my idea and pretend it's original elsewhere.
Awesome student bar
classy yet easy going
A solid night out
All my new Edinburgh reviews tend to start with, "So, while I was at Fringe..."

And this one is no different!

So, while I was at Fringe, we saw a late night show and wanted a late night drink. Our host, the great Jenny L, knew exactly where to take us. A bar. In a library. In the oldest student union in the world.

And it was beautiful.

I loved this bar. Made of wood throughout on two floors with cabinet after cabinet filled with old books (I liked the complete volumes of The History of War) that were lit up with red lights, giving this an old school bar vibe. 

There's a bar on the ground floor and tables and chairs there and on the top floor as well. Can't snag one of those, there's plenty of standing room as well (although we were clearly standing in the wrong spot as we kept getting jostled.) 

It was very, very, very busy when I was there and I assumed it was Fringe but I was told it can sometimes be that busy everyday when school is in session.

Still, good drinks, quick service and a terrific surrounding. Who could ask for more?
The Student Union that houses the Library Bar is a warren. I still, to this day, can't quite remember how to get to the Library Bar; and instead stride (confidently) from corridor to corridor, to staircase, to room, until I find it / stumble upon it.

I rarely come here during term time, as it is part of the University and the students' Union. But during the Festival it makes a great indoor, late-opening bar that has a genuinely decent selection of whiskies and drinks.

The queue can get pretty deep and hectic. It's a short bar, installed into the main room of the library. But if you're not in a rush, and more looking for a nice, quirky place to chill with friends, then this is it. There's a balcony area with comfy couches, and they do food. So you can get some guiness, whiskies and just chill.

I'm pretty sure I'll end up back here next August too.
The Library Bar is one of my favorite hangouts in Edinburgh. First of all, it's a bit sprawling and has two floors, which makes it easy to find a place to talk more privately with a bunch of friends. Also, the decor is amazing - the rooms are lined with bookshelves (hence the name....) which makes everything feel quite classy. Drinks are a bit pricey, and it can be difficult to jostle your way through the crowd to the bar. It's worth it, though! The pizza is also quite good.
Possibly too popular at the weekend (stag parties etc.) but mid-week not a bad option for watching football as they've a large projector screen as well as a few good sized tellys. On the down side it's one of these places that feels the need to drum up custom after 22:00 by hosting too loud covers bands of varying quality. Nice & central though so at that point you can easily make your way to an alternative establishment.
It's nice to see that this place has managed to finally reopen, after the building that houses it burned down a few years ago. In fact, it's the only one of the units that has managed to open its doors again so far.

But as much as it's nice to see businesses staying afloat in the current climate, that's as about as excited as I can get about this place. It's got Guinness, it's got TVs showing sport, and it's full of irish tourists. But so are so many other pubs in Edinburgh.

It's ok if you're in a huge group, or you're on a pub crawl and are just popping in for one, but I wouldn't spend a whole evening here. The drinks are pretty pricey and there's hardly anywhere to sit.
Finnigans Wake has recently reopened after a long and frustrating year. It was closed down and had to go under a major refurbishment after a fire in restaurant next door. Alas, the bar, full of Celtic memorabilia and coloured in green dcor and wooden sitting areas was no more. 

However, this week I entered the new, reincarnation of the pub, and it has gone under a radical transformation. The old pub, full of history and memories is gone, replaced by a pub which is full of wood and fits into the categories of Irish themed bars that are alike in every major city in the world.

Instead of the bar being in the middle, the bar is now on the right hand side, looking modern and fresh. In the middle there are large high tables for groups, with padded seated areas on the left hand side of the bar. Further seating is in the back.

The pub has live music every week it claims, but even though it has this, I feel with this refurbishment, Finnigans has lost its old looks and atmosphere. The bar is lacking that individualistic character that makes pubs what they are. 

The place was quiet and empty; the staff were new and obviously will improve with time. It was quite bland compared to the bar before the fire.

Its due a visit though, after this long closed, it will be visited by people who often paid Finnigans a visit. So raise your glass to the memory of Finnigans of old!
I spent a great new year in here a few years back. The year when Princes St. was closed because of the wind - 2006/7 I think it was. Since then Finnegans Wake has been through rather a lot.

A couple of years ago I remember waking up to the news that Kushi's (my favourite Indian in Edinburgh) had burnt down and the buildings either side were ruined by smoke and water damage. One of those was my favourite club in the world, The Liquid Room (which has now reopened and is EXACTLY the same - hooray!), and the other was Finnegans Wake.

So it's nice to see that both those places are back on their feet. And Finnegans Wake is just the same - it's an Irish bar that has a live bands and sports and Guinness and stag parties. It's a fun place. Everyone's your mate in here. Not a place to go for a quiet drink, but great fun if you're in a big group.
I was in Edinburgh for some time and one of my favorite places to go was Finnegan's Wake for live music.  Although a small stage, the music was great to listen to and there are booths for sitting so my group of friends were able to get some reasonably priced drinks and relax to the music or stand stage-front and dance.
I don't hate tourist spots. I don't. 

I like meeting a rogue Aussie or Spaniard on the Royal Mile and getting to be the oh-so-knowledgeable local that can give them the details of 'the best pubs' or whatnot. 

But this place is Prague in Edinburgh. English/Irish Stag-dos a plenty, backpackers under 21 and Canadian girls on the prowl. A line about 200 miles long for 1 pound pints of piss and 200 people I never want to meet or talk to in ever. 

Not individually (I'm sure you're all a nice bunch of people), but it's one of those places where you think to yourself... this place would be way better if everyone in here dissapeared off the face of the earth. 

I don't often say this about Irish pubs because, being from Boston, they're like home away from home... but if this is home - I am never going home.
Very nice place with live music almost every day. Drinks and beers are cheap although the quality is nto very good. Guiness for example at this place is awful! apart from that a nice place to go with friends for a pint and listen to some good music.
Also known as "the loudest busiest place on earth during rugby" I have been to Finnegans a fair few times. I went along for the rugby again this weekend. 

Since it's redesign due to the fire next door it's lost much of it's "old edinburgh" charm - however it's now a much better space for the number of people that they like to cram into the bar. They have a room out the back which you can book and that's actually a pretty nice space.

Beer - a very important thing..... but not something that they do well here. It's pretty dull - Guinness is the pint I'll be drinking in this pub I think. They have it in cold and EXTRA COLD.

All in all - a good atmosphere for the rugby and the band they had on afterwards were not too bad also. The singer had funny tattoos and was wearing a silk waistcoat and a wife beater which basically makes him either a legend or mental.
This pub isn't to my taste, but then my tastes might not be to others tastes.

I can here when it was England V Scotland in the Rugby. It was mobbed. It's not a basement pub, but it felt like it was. Really low ceilings, low light, no windows. Absolutely full to the rafters, and a sports-type crowd. Nothing wrong with this, but not my type of crowd.

I dont feel any desire to come back here. It filled the job of sports-pub but didnt really seem to have any other appeal - good drinks, good music, good crowd.

If you want a pub to watch a game in, with lots of atmosphere (shouting, spilling beer, not my oxygen to go around) then this is your place. Just not my cup of tea.
My band recently played as part of a music night here and I'd say that it was suited to the event. Based on the night alone, I'd say it was excellent but I'm not entirely sure there's anything calling me back. Although, I did like the wide open floor feel which gave the pub a friendly vibe and the stage with barriers was a nice touch! They did have a Yelp sticker at the bar which made me smile! Not a bad bar at all!
We were in Edinburgh from the US on vacation and stumbled on this place. The bar staff was awesome. Very friendly and after a couple visits they greeted us by first names. Only downside is I wish they served chips or something, actually the salty snacks make for more beer sales. This is my favorite bar/pub in Edinburgh and hope we can make it back there soon.
Nobles is a very classy pub, that much is obvious simply from its jet black exterior and the list of  upmarket bar food posted beside the door.  Inside, it lives up to this promise, as it is tastefully decorated with old-fashioned stained glass in the window, round tables and comfy sofas, a bar gleaming with expensive alcohols and careful details such as a frieze of ships around the ceiling.

When I went, there was an open mic night in full swing, and there was a lively crowd of people of all different ages and clearly all having a good time.  I'll definitely be coming here again, perhaps to check out their weekly folk night, or maybe just for a quiet pint in a mildly opulent setting.
Headed down to Leith tonight with the aim of dinner and a quiet pint with friends. Saturday night and everywhere was full so worked our way round to Constitution Street and lo and behold Nobles Bar was open again and looking spick and span. Managed to get a table and order some food. Staff were really friendly and the atmosphere was very relaxed. Food was superb and very well priced and the beer was cold. Live music at 9pm had us sit longer than planned and a return visit is definitely on the cards. I hear they've revived the Sunday jazz brunch which is sure to be worth a visit.
Having been in here on a night when I was off the ale I can't comment on the quality of the pints on offer but there is certainly a good number of taps providing a range of lagers & beers. The fridges looked to be holding an equally broad selection and the spirits gantry was similarly well endowed.


 Neither can I comment on the food but I did make a point of looking over the menu and it looked good enough to make we want to remedy that issue in the near future. Service at the bar was good and the glass clearing, on what was a pretty busy night, was exemplary.


 As mentioned below the interior is very nice (it has I think very recently been refurbished) and proudly displays aspects of Leith's heritage, maritime and otherwise.


 The one negative note that was struck for me was that it is not an ideal place to have a band on if that is to be the centre of customers' attention. The "stage" area is barely big enough to hold a three-piece group so larger bands are forced out onto the floor somewhat which in turn can impede egress and exit from the building. A band as background accompaniment to a night in the pub rather than the focal point is possibly a better way to go.
After we finished our pint in The Constitution Bar, we headed over to Nobles Bar which The Man thought looked cool because of the big stained glass window in the front.

We walked in and it was MILES different from The Constitution.

Nobles Bar has gorgeous lofty ceilings, dark wood panelled walls, and a good number of tables dotted with the occasional comfy seat.  The stained glass window provides a wonderful focal point for the room.  

Additionally, they have a great array of beers which the staff are more than happy to let you try.  I was trying a new beer whch I wasn't terribly keen on when a second staff member walked up and suggested a few others I might like.  Both members of staff were so lovely and seemed genuinely interested in my opinions of the beer and finding me one which I liked.  

We liked the atmosphere, staff and decor of the pub so much that we decided to stay for dinner.  We each had a burger and I am happy to report that they were delicious, as were the hand cut chips and cole slaw which came with them.  We had all three members of staff ask us if we liked our meal, but not in an intrusive way, just in a genuine way.  

Another nice plus with this place were the toilets.  The ladies, at least, was decorated with old framed post cards which are a hoot to read.  

This place just wins so much I'm still smiling, and I am so jealous of the people who get to call this their local.
Superb performance for Sunday brunch! Two massive fluffy pancakes, bacon cremated just the way I like it and a smothering of maple syrup. If it's socially unacceptable to lick a plate clean, then push me to the front of a post office queue and call me Roy Chubby Brown.
The place itself is relaxed and has a strange old churchy smell about it. Tons of space and a huge bar that looks well stocked for a good night out. Coffee's good and service is reassuringly laid back. Prices are reasonable so all in all a pretty sound place to unwind after a hectic weekend. Would have gone all the way with 5 stars but it was a tad on the cold side heating-wise. Going to have to return for an evening meal and a couple of pints.
Noble's Bar is an absolute find. I went there last night to a live music night which was fantastic. They have live music most days of the week, in fact. The atmosphere was great. I liked the fact people can be dressed up or casual in there. 

The food menu looked really good but as we arrived about 9pm it was a bit too late to order anything. Lovely bar and good selection of drinks.

I really liked the stained glass windows, I think it has to be one of the nicest bar frontages I've seen down in Leith. I defintiely will be making more of an effort to go there.

They have an upcoming Hogmanay night which looks great for 15 entry, so would recommend that for anyone without plans for that time of year, as i'm sure it will be a great night!
I have to admit....I would not have normally contemplated a bar on Constitution St as a drinking option. Have to say this a cracking pub.

With a splinter cell of yelpers who had broken away from Victorias I foudn the decor to be really nice, staff seemed friendly enough. Nice seating areas and a "dude on a guitar" all good.

Importantly at this time of year for me they have a good malt selection so have to say while I am Leith resident I will be back!

JD = happy man!
I had the pleasure of being introduced to Nobles last night for the first time, and what a treat I was in for.  

It has been a good while since I ventured down Constitution Street and nobles has never really been on my radar, but once I entered I immediately seen what all the fuss was about.

This stunning Victorian Era bar doesn't look like much from the outside but it has a large bar area and plenty of seating - although the majority of it was taken when we arrived, despite being a Wednesday night, showing just how popular it is!  With so many of the original features intact and preserved, including staind-glass windows and carved wood everywhere, it has a massively authentic feel to it.  You can just tell that if you walked in 100 years ago, it would have been the exact same.

The bar had a great range of drafts beers and lagers, including many independent Scottish brewers which is always nice to see.  

This place is all about its live music it seems, and with a great little stage at the front its well equipped to do this.  I believe they have live music every night, and last night was in the form of a solo artist with an acoustic guitar (with the occasional help of his pal, who provided light drumming on a box and washboard)  doing a range of covers that was a pleasure to watch but wasn't so loud that you couldn't talk over him if you just preferred background music.

I'm sure anyone living locally will already know and love this place but for anyone else, the decor, atmosphere, staff, music and drinks all make this place well worth venturing out the way for and one I will be making the effort to seek out again very soon.
Very Nice Establishment. We enjoyed Dinner here which was simply a club sandwich and Duck sandwich, with bread and oil as a side, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. Great location too as not far from the shore. Service was good and very nice atmosphere. Loved the stained glass &  cosy, old fashioned interior.
I've been a loyal fan of Nobles for a few years now. The bar is beautiful, with stained glass windows and original Victorian features and there's always a great atmosphere.

There's a wide selection of drinks, including many Scottish beers, ales & whiskies, and the food here is delicious. I headed along for New Year's brunch during Hogmanay and ordered their ENORMOUS full Scottish breakfast - it's a beast! The perfect fuel before a trek along the Water of Leith.

There's a pub quiz every Monday, but what I love most about Nobles are the regular live music nights, in particular The Jack o' Diamonds Scrimshaw Shanties night which currently runs every Wednesday.
This is such a gorgeous pub, all cosy with dark wood, delicious-sounding menu choices, comfy sofas for drinks or tables with candles to eat. And good wifi! Yet it seems to have some sort of memory force-field at the door that means I leave and forget how much I like it, until the next time I stroll in and I think, "oh, of course! This place is great!" and then I leave and forget again. 

So this is my Note To Self - Nobles is lovely! go there!

Not in the evening, though - unfortunately it suffers from the blight that is Live Music, and I can't be bothered shouting over some amateur guitar racket... 

But in the afternoons, spot on! I'll be back soon. If I remember.
Although I used to live a 20 minute walk from Nobles, I never actually visited it until I moved away from Leith. 

I went for a drink one evening last year and it was packed but great fun. When we went for the Yelp brunch on Saturday I saw a very different side to it. 

During the day it is very chilled and and nice to relax in. I would happily just go there for a coffee, their cappuccinos were surprisingly good. I had the Eggs Benedict to eat and it was great. It came with a really generous amount of bacon, the poached eggs were well cooked and the English muffins were fresh and soft.

The staff were also very friendly and helpful despite being faced with such a huge table of people, they coped just fine.

I will have to go back soon for lunch/dinner!
So glad to be introduced to Nobles at a recent Yelp brunch. Gorgeous interior, inviting atmosphere. Will definitely keep it in mind next time I'm in Leith. It seemed like a great place to stop in for a drink, and brunch was definitely a hit, as well. 

I had the full vegetarian breakfast, which was huge and very well done. I appreciated the big pile of spinach - a creative addition to the standard inclusions of veggie sausage, veggie haggis, mushrooms, tomatoes, potato scone, and eggs. (Did I leave anything out? I feel like I did. It was a lot of food.) Coffee was good, and the waitstaff kept the big carafes of ice water on our table full. I will never get tired of free ice water.
I joined my fellow yelpers for Sunday brunch this week in nobles, which has been on my 'must try' list for a while. I'd heard how good their full Scottish brekkies are which is a favourite of mine! But...Damn! I had a lunch date to go to immediately after so I had to opt for a lighter brunch option. I felt greedy enough without shovelling a cooked breakfast in my face as well as lunch (which turned out to be a burger!) I watched with pure green-eyed jealously while David tucked into his full Scottish :(

My choice was the pancakes & bacon and I was disappointed. The bacon was lovely and crisp, just how I like it. No fatty bits! But the pancakes weren't good at all. Really tough texture, not fluffy at all, and I really hate to say it but they had a bit of a fishy taste...?!? Like they'd been cooked in a griddle that had some residual fish on it... Now i haven't eaten fish for over 20 years so this was particularly unpleasant for me. Not wanting to make a fuss I still ate the things, asking for a double helping of maple syrup to wash them down. I really don't know why I ate them really... I don't normally hesitate to send something back but i did give them honest feedback upon paying. 

Anyway, there were lots of positives and I would go back. The atmosphere was nice, casual and a bit more up market than some of the other pubs serving breakfast at the shore. The Coffee was nice and strong and the service was pretty good considering we were a large group. It seems a great pub actually (fishy pancakes aside) and hopefully on my next visit I'll up the rating if my food choice is better.
What's up Doc? A rabbit burger on the brunch menu, that's what. 

I've never seen a rabbit burger on any menu, anywhere. So when a group of Yelpers rocked up here for our monthly brunch, I was already excited about trying the famous Nobles Benedict - eggs benny on black pudding. So when my eye first of all noticed the duck sandwich, I was excited. And then the RABBIT BURGER. Oh lordy.

I went for the rabbit burger (without the bun, as I'm wheat free) with a portobello mushroom and gruyere cheese on top, fries on the side. It was a great portion, and filled me from breakfast, lunch and some of dinner. The other dishes around me seemed very hefty too - the full breakfast were impressive, the Eggs Nobles on black pudding swiftly demolished by Joe A, and Susan M was very proud of her clean plate that had contained eggs with smoked salmon. Everyone, except those who ordered pancakes, were really happy with their brunch. Now I can see why it's so famous in Edinburgh.

The bar itself is beautiful. Not one most folk will walk by, given it's out-of-the-way location on Constitution Street, heading into Leith. But through the small doors you'll find a big, open, airy space that is constrasted with the dark wood, and then some stained glass windows. The only thing I found amusingly awkward was that getting into the ladies toilets are difficult as the space between the two doors is tiny. But that amused rather than frustrated me.

I really liked everything about Nobles. It was busy, almost full, of Sunday brunchers in the morning and afternoon. They host a weekly open-mic night on Wednesday's with The Black Diamond Express' Toby Mottershead - I'm a fan, so will probably come and check that out soon.

The staff were very, very helpful, lovely and friendly, and really were the cherry on the cake of this lovely Yelp brunchy munchy out.
A visit to Nobles is worth it for the stunning interior alone. Gorgeous old Victorian building, tiled floor, stained glass, leather couches, brass, ceramic, beautiful.

They do a great job here of walking the line between cosy old pub and brunch destination du jour. They do a good list of brunch favourites with some more hearty and original dishes like shredded duck sandwiches and rabbit burgers. A couple of cask ales complement the decent on-tap beer selection. It's an excellent choice for a quiet drink or a stylish lunch.

My standard brunch of eggs benedict and Bloody Mary was excellent. Not quite able to knock Treacle off the top spot but very good nonetheless. I'll be back to try some of their other choices and will certainly include it on my list of staging posts during weekend afternoon rambles around Leith.
the plan was to go to brunch, but plans change and we ended up heading to nobles bar for a late lunch instead.  however, it was good to note that nobles serve their brunch menu until 4:30pm on sunday!! so anyone that wants some breakfast for lunch, this is definitely the place to go.  

we entered the bar and it was comfortably busy for a sunday afternoon.  after checking with the bartender, we found our own seats and had menus brought over.  while brunch was on offer, i was more tempted by the awesome burgers they had on the menu.  i went for the black isle beef burger with blue cheese and mushrooms while the boy went for the rabbit burger with bacon and mushrooms.  it looked like they had a decent selection of beers on tap and in bottles along with a nice wine menu, however we just went for some soft drinks.

while waiting for our food, it was nice to sort of sit and observe the bar.  it's a cool layout, with a big main area in front of the bar, but then a nice little raised bit that has cosy tables and little stools. we were sat in the raised bit and i think this gave us a little extra privacy as there was only one other party there and we had a whole corner to ourselves.  the stained glass above the doorway to the toilets is also really nice and i liked the candles in empty spirits bottles as well.

food arrived and the burgers looks tremendous!!  a handmade beef patty encased in a nicely toasted bun with a good helping of tomato relish a whole portabello mushroom and melted blue cheese.  it was a very messy meal but the excellent burger was totally worth a well used napkin!!  the toppings combined perfectly and the beef patty was moist and very tasty.  and the hand cut chips...OMG!! these were actually some of the best chips i've had in awhile.  chunky with skins on and crispy, my glutton side wished there had been more on the plate!  my stomach thankful that there wasn't as this was a massive meal that certainly served as breakfast, lunch, and most of dinner.  my boyfriend was equally pleased with his rabbit burger which he throughly enjoyed although i did get to try a bite.

after paying, we managed to roll ourselves out the door but i think after this initial first impression we will be back.  hopefully to try their brunch offerings next time as if the burgers were this good, i'm sure the brunch will be equally as delicious!
This is a fantastic bar, have yet to try the food and I cannot wait to try here again. There was such a relaxing feel about the place, which a bar should have. I've heard great things about the food (best brunch in town apparently) so I am really looking forward to get back here.
I had the eggs benny and my partner had the french toast. I would have given this place 4 stars but the french toast was hardly french toast. When you order french toast you expect a fluffy fat piece of bread with a coating of cinnamon, egg and nutmeg (or whatever other deliciousness). Nobles offered up a thinly sliced seeded piece of bread with hardly any coating at all. It seemed to me to be more like toast with a slight dusting of sugar. 

Our friends both had full Scottish breakfasts which they loved, so if your going for that type of thing, this place does it good. The eggs bennedict were good but the bacon was so-so. I personally prefer canadian bacon or ham. Overall good stuff.
Amazing Leith bar, quite simply everything you could want from a local and thankfully it is mine! The beautiful interior is inspired by the maritime Victoriana in keeping with the location.  Look around a you'll see pretty stained glass windows, comfy large bar seats, ship murals up high, chesterfield sofas and eclectic vintage framed pictures clustered on the walls. 

Nobles hold a pub quiz on Mondays, open mic night on Tusdays, live bands all week in the evenings, super friendly staff and customer alike. I've never eaten in here but always heard good things about it from friends.  Go and visit, you won't regret it.
I hadn't heard of Nobles until i reviewed it for Bite magazine earlier in the year and have to say, I've been back several times since.

The menu has a great selection of seasonal dishes and is clearly all made fresh and with care.

On a mission to find the best burgers in Edinburgh, i went for the Lothian rabbit burger with mustard mayo and gruyere (9.95)  (our waiter's recommendation) while Sarah went for the Black Isle beef with tomato chutney (8.95) option.

The rabbit was well cooked and seasoned and the buns used were truly excellent.  I liked the way they didn't just fall apart under a river of grease and added to the dish, rather than just be a vehicle for the meat element.

The gruyere added a slight nuttiness to the rabbit and the hand cut chips (you can also have fries) were equally as good as the burger.  Fluffy and light inside but nice and crisp on the outside, next time i'm in for a pint, I'll find it seriously hard to resist ordering a portion to nibble on.

Sarah's burger was just as well made and seasoned and great value for the price compared to some other places that charge slightly more but don't deliver on the quality as much.

Nobles is always spotlessly clean and a great place to sit and relax.

Toppling Nobles in my best burger quest will be no mean feat.
According to my mum, Nobles used to be a go-go dancing venue, so pretty dodgy! Suffice to say she was very impressed by how it looks today!

I've been to Nobles a few times (great eggs benedict) and so when last night my parents were through (bringing my sister to live with me for seven weeks...) and 'decent pub grub' was called for, Nobles seemed an obvious suggestion. My mum looked them up on Facebook and was surprised to see that Aberfeldy were playing there later (too late for us, but still very cool). And my dad's ears were pricked at the mention of "rabbit burger".

They didn't have any tables for 5, but we squeezed into a four near the back and managed to snag an extra table later when the couple next to us left. Gorgeous tables with 300 year old maps on them. 

When it came to the menu, we were spoilt for choice. My pescetarian sister even commented that she almost never finds a menu where she wants nearly everything on it, but Noble's was ticking all the boxes. Scallops and a baked duck egg (served in a pot with creamed spinach, mmmmm) were ordered for starters and shared, and the 5 of us went for 2x tuna nicoise and 3x rabbit burgers for mains. Delicious, and such big portions! Big plus for the red onion coleslaw too (I LOVE COLESLAW). My dad said he wouldn't necessarily have been able to guess that it was rabbit, but that he did enjoy it nonetheless.

Oh, and the puddings were great too. The chocolate brownie was huge and frankly outstanding, and my lemon tart was a sweet treat too. Plus really good quality ice cream, which makes all the difference.

Nobles is brilliant, and the service was friendly and quick too. Suffice to say we'll definitely return.
This is one of those mystery pubs that every says they've had an amazing time at, with fantastic music and a lively atmosphere. This is one of those pubs that every time I have been, have just been meh. The atmosphere has only once been what I classify as 'lively.' Every other time it's been incredibly quiet, especially given they have live music every night I believe. The music...well...has always been a bit dull. I'm sorry to say. I love melancholy music, and it's cool if I'm listening to it myself. But in a venue such as this it simply does not work. Firstly, it's quite big, and does an upside down 'L' shape, so anyone unfortunate enough to get stuck in the back, back, way back corner sees and hears nothing. Secondly, there seems to be some issue with the amps or voice projection or lord knows. They are never loud enough. Sometimes one can barely hear the lyrics. I'm no expert but perhaps the staff should sort that out for the musicians if they have no clue. Often times I could barely hear the what was being sung. I couldn't appreciate the musician and for that I felt bad for being bored. It was always such a disappointment as I'd often go in on a Sunday evening after having been at the Carrier's Quarters listening to the Jammy Devils, who are quite energetic and lively. It was always such a downer I'm sorry to say.
I will say that the few times I have eaten the food has been really nice, and the staff are always really friendly when I go in. Of course I would go back, it's a nice enough pub...but this far I haven't been in about 5 months? I'm in no rush.
Terrible venue:

(-1) Bad drinks (they add water, confirmed by 3 people).

(-1) Bad Crowd (the guys upstairs playing beer pong went gangsta out front).

(-1) You cant drink and be on the dance floor at the same time, because it's 18+ on the dance floor, and the bar area is way too far away to enjoy a show with your drink.

(-1) Dingy (as in dirty, unclean).

(-1) BYOPS (Bring your own parking space); It's a really tiny parking lot for a ginormous venue.

----------------------------------
The only reason it deserves 1 star:
(+6)  FML will be there once a month on Fridays; so it will be the ONLY chance to see good electronic dance music in Tempe. If we can get 100 people to show up, we can pre-party with good drinks at home and then enjoy the space for FML dance purposes only.

Otherwise (at all other times in Tempe dance venues), expect top 40 B.S. with beats and lyrics that struggle to match a toddler's sophistication.
Looks and smells like DOS still but ALOT HAS CHANGED
Kinda dirty, like they might have a cleaning crew, once a week at most. 
Their bartenders seem to know their drinks, but also know how to pour short.. if you normally drink 4 cocktails, plan on it being 8 to get the same outcome..or just drink beer
Oh on thursdays its .50cents to drink... but sometimes its worth the extra 4 bucks for a cocktail to not be around the guys who cracked open their piggy banks to come out
You ever heard of hole in the wall? Well this place surpasses that and then some. If a buddy of mine wasn't performing here then I'm sure i would never step foot in this place. The bathroom are disgusting. I don't think they've been clean since New Year's Eve 1999. (That would be last century for some people who might've not gotten the joke.) I'm going to the nearest urgent care after i leave here to get a tetanus shot.
Overall I had a pretty poor experience with this venue. The staff seemed to cater to the "regulars" which seemed to just be the friends of who was working there. I found myself waiting for extended periods of time for service. When I was finally able to receive service the staff was very brief and more concerned with what their friends were up to.

 I would not recommend this place. I was able to get a cheap Corona this Thursday night but I had to deal with an incredibly uncomfortable atmosphere. I would say it's a much better idea to take your money to Four Peaks or one of the better reviewed bars off Mill Ave.
Went to see friend's band on a Friday night, and place was completely empty besides those who were there to support the 3 bands. Much different place than when Dos was here.
I really wasn't sure what to expect from this place. I was coming up from Tucson with a few friends to see the first Folk Metal show that has come anywhere near Arizona in our lifetimes.  

This place has a lot going for it, but its location is not exactly one of them. Its a little off the beaten path being basically between a neighborhood and some train tracks. It doesnt really affect the bar/venue at all, but I do feel kinda bad for whoever lives in those apartments right next door.

I really like the setup of this place. It has a mostly outdoor bar area themed like a mexican cantina which offers all the standard bar drinks and has a small menu of bar food. But this is not just regular bar food. This was amazingly delicious bar food served in large enough amounts to share. Personally, I have to recommend the mac and cheese bites. They come with some sort of chipotle dip that just sends them right over the top. 

The venue was good and had good quality sound. Its not huge, and the stage could definitely be a bit larger, but it all kinda fits the size of the whole place. Plus it makes things a bit more personal. Many bands came into the bar and venue after their sets and hung out with everyone which made for a really great experience. 

All in all, I would definitely go back here for a show or just a random drink and grub sesh. I had a lot of fun and went home highly satisfied.
I went to see GlassJaw there last night. It was the worst experience I have ever had at a bar. It was hot. They had fans but none of them were running. The misters were on but were not functioning well. The bartenders were slow and took a long time to acknowledge everyone. The security guys were very aggressive. The reason I went there was to see the concert and since it was a bar I assumed I could drink while watching the concert. Nope... They do not allow you to drink in the room where the concert is. So I go to buy some water. They only accept cash at the nearest bar. I didn't have cash so I made my way through the crowd to the other bar. They are out of water bottles. I finally make it to the other bar where there is a $10 min purchase so I had to buy 5 bottles of water. So frustrating!!! The concert tickets were way over priced. I don't care who plays there in the future. I will never go to this place again.
I recently discovered this gem in Cave Creek.  The coffee is excellent, atmosphere is warm and inviting and the service is friendly.  I wouldn't dream of asking for more, but there is more.  They also serve food and judging from the delicious sandwich I had (a ham and swiss on multi grain, grilled, of the "build your own" variety), I will be back for more as soon as I make it out to Cave Creek again.  The patio area is a lovely place to enjoy the sun in a true desert setting.  We enjoyed watching birds (Cardinals, Cactus Wrens, etc) and also got to meet the owner's dog, a sweet and laid back afghan strongly resembling a stuffed animal.
Cute place, nice decor, great bathrooms, coffee is alright too.  Nice staff.  Dirt parking though, and I get that it's Cave Creek but still, some of us like to have clean cars.  This is a necessary stop on a trip up to Cave Creek.
I stop by Janey's Coffee House every other Wednesday at 8AM for the most AWESOME masterpiece oatmeal breakfast and delicious iced coffee.

Let Samantha (the owner) or any of the crew know that Reza sent you and you want the oatmeal as Reza likes it, and be prepared for the oatmeal experience of your life.

The picture is of my most recent oatmeal!
There are a remarkable number of indie coffeehouses in Cave Creek/Carefree for such a small area, but Janey's is hands down my absolute favorite. The coffee is superb - beans are supplied by The Roastery of Cave Creek - and always hand-crafted perfectly to your specifications. The food is delish, always fresh and made when you order, not before. They have a lovely, well-edited wine selection, including a Riesling I was pleasantly surprised to also see offered at Zinc Bistro, and some great beer on tap. Stop by Thursday nights for local music, or weekend mornings to enjoy chats with the locals around the outdoor fire (in the winter, of course!).

It is important to me to spend my money in locally-owned, family-operated business whenever possible, and that's another reason why I love this place. It is truly a family labor of love - all of them work here, and you'll see them all circle through if you sit there long enough. You're apt to be there all day if you sink into one of the overstuffed leather armchairs... Free wifi so you can work if you're so inclined.

The highlight of Janey's, other than the great coffee, food and bar, are their two affable Afghan hounds, Moses and Ghandi. While some people come by just to play with the dogs, I suggest you at least enjoy a cup of coffee while you do so : ) Bring your own pooch too - Janey's patio is a great doggy hangout!

Yoga Breeze was doing a full moon yoga session on the patio in warmer weather, and hopefully that will resume when this Arctic freeze we're experiencing ends.

And by the way, if you can't handle a little dust on your car a la the dude from Glendale below, you probably shouldn't be coming to Cave Creek. But I think if dirt parking lots don't bother the owners of the multi-million dollar homes in town with vehicles to match, you could probably let it slide, too. If not, there's a $5 car wash up the road.
I stopped here while visiting Cave Creek and found it to be a very nice place, it's a coffeehouse but they sell spirits too. I only had coffee but found that the inside and especially the outside seating options were nicely appointed. Outside was tranquil and bordered by saguaros and I could see jack rabbits and birds having a jolly time in the Sonoran brush.
Great place for breakfast.  You get a small chart and must tick off the garnishes for your breakfast sandwich or oatmeal.  The food is always good.  The coffee is delicious.  The service is great.  We keep going back for more!
Why I'd go back: to grab a coffee and study or sit outside and enjoy a beer with a friend

Great place to go if you want to sit and read a book during the day and enjoy some coffee or grab an Arizona brewed Four Peaks beer with a friend.  Nestled back off of Cave Creek Road, the atmosphere is low key and inviting.  

The only thing I tried here food-wise was a turkey panini that was good.  Not amazing but for the price and my hungry stomach it filled the need.

One of the last things worth noting are the friendly and genuine staff.  You do not feel rushed and their interested in talking it up a bit if not helping another customer.
Have to take a moment to reflect on the evening last night at Janey's.  Found the location in my search to see Chuck Hall.  A quick look at yelp indicated all the strengths I look for - excellent coffee, open patio, light fare, and full bar - combined with the musical styling of one of my favorite local guitar players and we had the makings for a memorable night.

While enroute,  encountered a moderate thunderstorm right over cave creek.  Not sure how are evening might be impacted.  Found the location and arrived as a local yoga class was ending under light rain - nice people.  Met Jake behind the bar who quickly greeted us and helped with food and cocktail choices.   Pub board was great - loved the olives, the warm pretzel and fresh fruit.  Build your own sandwich was fresh and tasty. 

Rain cleared, friends arrived, and blessed with a temperature drop of about 25 degrees, we settled into the patio for drinks, cigars, and fantastic music.  Sitting on the patio with the Sonoran desert backdrop, full moon, ideal weather - I did not want it to end.

Later met Mitch and Sam.  Outstanding hosts.  Sam is an alchemist with the lattes - I believe our group finished off six of them - the two "spiked" versions were my favorite.  The coffee was fresh and flavorful and went down like butter.  Mitch and Jake helped out our ambitious crew with a round of tequila shots and provided friendly and gracious service all night.  

This was my first night at Janey's, but it won't be my last.  Looking forward to catching Hans Olsen here the next time he is on the schedule.
This place is a little tricky to find but definitely worth the effort. Their sandwiches are made with Boar's Head meat and generous fixings. The side of fruit actually includes berries. The drinks are high quality; I prefer the fresh brewed ice tea. The decor is boldly rustic with a strange mix of heavy materials harvested from the wreckage of a late 1800's southwestern mining town, and well balanced with the feel of a high class bodega from that same time period. A garage-sized door behind the bar opens up into the landscape of our beautiful Sonoran desert.

They also offer live music performances at night.

Check 'em out!
Great place for coffee and food.  Staff is super friendly. Great place to visit if your in the area.
I've been hearing good things about this coffee house in Cave Creek so when a friend suggested we meet there I was all for it. Easy to see furniture store Big Bronco and Janey's is behind it. Very good coffee and I'll come back to try the food.  Comfortable place to just hang out.
Very nice atmosphere.  Super casual and they really paid attention the details.  Nice outdoor patio area too.  My husbands says the bathrooms are great too!  Very friendly staff and the keep the place very clean!!   I ordered the loaded oatmeal and after eating out a lot lately it was exactly what I needed.  Lots of fresh fruit, nuts, flax seeds.  Very filling.   Husband got the breakfast sandwich on sourdough and swears it is the best breakfast sandwich he has enjoyed in a long time!
I've been hearing good things about this coffee house in Cave Creek so when Big Pete Pearson was playing there I decided to go. The show was excellent and Big Pete Pearson is wonderful person the service was attentive, and the food was good. Comfortable place to just hang out with your date. It would be nice to see more of the outdoor entertainment like this.
I have only been here once. But definitely plan to come back again. Coffee was very good. The place was very relaxing. Love the patio tables. Great place to hang out and read a book. Staff was super friendly. PB&J was yummy and served with fresh delicious fruit. mmmmm yummm!
Great spot for food, drinks, and entertainment. The staff is great and its a cozy spot for just chilling
We've lived here for over 2 years and recently discovered this quaint place when C4 shut down.  We've been here in the AM and late at night and we love it!  The breakfast food is delish.  You have to try the poptart or their cinnamon bun.  Their hot chocolate is also tasty, and not too sweet.  The prices are very reasonable.  I prefer this place to Starbucks.  In the PM the live music is awesome.  The ambiance is relaxing no matter what time of day you come.
Great find. Great ambience but..really meager pour on martinis. I ordered their well vodka for  a martini and it was a 3oz pour, which is pretty small.It was $7. At nearby Venues in carefree, during Happy Hour, their 6 oz. martini to the brim with the Well vodka is $7. I am very eager to go back as their wine is good and reasonably priced but since I am a martini drinker, I may not go back. A shame.
We love this venue.  Its a little treasure in Cave Creek.  Don't let the "Coffeehouse" sign fool you.  They have a large selection of beer and wine.  The patio is amazing too.
A nice place to catch a little music on the patio.
Love, Love Janey's!!! The atmosphere is so groovy with a welcoming, laid back energy! The owners and staff are attentive, professional, and friendly.  The indoor section is so comfortable and chill.  The outdoor area is lovely with fire pits; huge Saguaro's all around.  They often have live music, like Big Pete Blues Band, which is so fun.  The dance area is small, but who cares, the groove is so good!! Good selection of beverages and munchie plates.  I still need to check out the breakfast menu.....I'm sure it's awesome! You'll love this place!
Setting:  Spent the day with the neighbors and found this gem while walking around the area.

Ambiance:  Great view of the Sonoran desert while sitting on the patio.  The inside is very relaxing with comfortable seating and a surprising bar.  We ended up staying for a couple hours losing track of time with only ordering drinks.  The mood and feel is somewhere you want to shut your mind off for a while.  I would highly recommend for hanging with friends, flying solo, or even getting work done.

Food/Menu:  We only ordered drinks on tap while the ladies had smoothies.  Everything was great with no complaints.

Service:  Excellent service with no complaints!

Overall:  Small businesses thrive on repeat customers.  Whenever we are in the area, we will be sure to stop by and relax for a couple hours.
Love the space and the live music! Tenia is excellent! Thank you Janey's!
I like this place, it has a nice setting and a great vibe. We went there on a Friday and they had a great blues band and the place had a lot of energy. They have a couple tasty beers on tap, my only complaint would be slow service.
Service is bad, very bad. When you walk in they look at you like they want to chase you out. I said hello to the server, the reply was "be with you in a minute", after 10 minutes he proceeded to take another customers order who just walked in the door (obviously a regular) then went back to ignoring me. It was obvious he didn't want to be there, and therefore neither do I.  I am not asking for royal service but that was blatant  discourtesy.  The cafe across the street is better choice!
Great little spot in Cave Creek and a really good alternative to those big bars in town.  It's got a really cool vibe and feel to the place and a good selection of interesting craft beers, which is why we go here.  
The menu is primarily sandwiches, which are good but slightly overpriced.  They have a nice patio and the signs indicate they have an interesting group of entertainers that play here, although we have not been there at night to check it out yet.
It's set back from the road, so watch for the wooden marquee sign.

The place is cozy inside and equally relaxing outside. Cushy chairs, secluded nooks, and service counter to be right up front with the action. Free Wi-Fi is bonus and the signal reaches to the patio.  

Here's the best part: they serve coffee AND wine!

Nice place for a quiet moment or to share laughs with friends.
Small place, few breakfast choices but good and delicious I had breakfast sandwich simple but made right way no grress at all, satisfying Angela had oatmeal with fruits that she also enjoind, it not fancy at all place, but I really enjoyed patio
Saw Big Pete Pearson at Janey's in Cave Creek on Friday night. Really nice setting, great wine, beer and coffee/tea selections. Their patio is really beautiful - you are sitting in the desert with huge boulders watching a band and enjoying our cool nights with a couple of outdoor fires. Very comfortable, reasonable cover for the quality of the band. Big Pete was really fun to listen to. We will be back soon and bring our friends and family!
Was my daily (and sometimes twice daily) fix for a year or more. Can't ever get enough of this place- everything is delicious. The coffee and espresso are rich and toasty, the lattes are creamy and sweet, and the chai is the absolute best stuff in town. The staff is super friendly, they discount my drinks frequently and occasionally, it's on the house. Pays to be a regular, I suppose. 

My favorite coffee place in Cave Creek or Scottsdale. Worth the trip, every time.
This is our favorite spot in Cave Creek! This is a home away from home.  If you are in the area stop by for a beer and sandwich.
Coffee shop w dozen beers on tap.  Great for the coffee drinking Harley contingent.
One of my absolute favorite places to go for coffee, or a beer or glass of wine and lots of chilled, rustic but classy atmosphere.
Great meeting spot for me and my motorcycle buddies before a ride. 
Beer and wine selection is excellent (I'm a proud beer and wine snob).
The coffee is great (also a coffee snob)
The wait staff is not only awesome - but they're also a bunch of cowgirl hotties. 
Janey's is ALL about atmosphere and top quality food and drink.  The food menu is definitely limited - as their kitchen is extremely small - but everything is fresh.
I'm not a big review guy - at all. More prone to give a bad review than a good one, but Janey's is a special place.
This place is just right. It has a rustic feel and great service. Coffee and sweets are great. Under new management, the owner is wonderful. All around, a great place to hang out and chill. We love it!!
Had a great time with friends.  Great outside area.  Listened to a very good Blues band.  Good selection of Micro brews and wine.  The owner and staff were very friendly.
Left a prior disappointed service review and to my surprise the new owner responded and extended a nice offer for me to return as the service has been much improved with the new owner. Looking forward to returning to the wonderful atsmophere it offers.
Janey's is simply the best. We walked in and felt like we could relax here all day - and then we did. The coffee drinks are all delicious not to mention all the beers on tap. We enjoyed personalizing our oatmeal and yogurt at breakfast and later our paninis from the amazing lists of options. Everything is fresh and made to order.   The decor is very authentic Cave Creek.  We will be back.
I'm a local. I love Janey's, great atmosphere, good beer and great staff. Stopped there on Friday night to get a beer and a bite .... Was greeted at the front door with a $10 cover charge .... Really...now this is Cave Creek ! If you can't attract customers with your ambiance, venue, product and service time to make a decision.
Janey's is a great little place in Cave Creek for coffee, lunch or a craft beer or glass of wine.  The Turkey Sandwich with Gruyere is very tasty.  12 craft beers rotate on tap and a very small but diverse wine list. Great coffee as well.
Pretty good cup of java in the AM!  Loved the "crawl out from under your rock and greet the sun" atmosphere.  It is casual desert living at its finest.  Good service and people.
We visited this establishment on a Wed night  (June, 2014).  Found a large wine selection but the bartender was not a good communicator and lacked enthusiasm for what he does.  He did let us sample our choice tho at our request before making our purchase.  Settled for the Red Sangria and ordered the Pub Board.  Neither were all that good especially the Pub Board, very disappointed from what I had seen there earlier and prices were high.  After 2 glasses of wine and the Pub Board it cost $30.00 which I thought was very expensive.  Very disappointed.
Here's the description of JD's from Scottsdale Plaza's website: "J.D.'s Lounge
Enjoy the atmosphere of an English Sports Pub at J.D.'s Lounge at the Scottsdale Plaza: shoot a game of pool, play a few holes of Golden Tee, catch some sports action on five large TV's and choose from a fine selection of beers on tap all accompanied by the best free popcorn around.
Open at 11 a.m. to midnight, daily"

Pretty much sums up my numerous visits there during my stay for one night at Scottsdale Plaza. The food was good, better than your average bar/pub food. We got the Southwest Chicken Sandwich and Tuna Sandwich. The tuna wasn't really flavorful, kinda bland. Nothing special. The Southwest Chicken was good, but messy. It fell apart really easily. Chicken was cooked perfectly though, not dried out at all. The fries were okay, would prefer them to taste more fresh to order, but instead they were sort of stale.

The favorite is the $4 schooner of the Sunset Wheat. Such an amazing deal! We got that at the start of our day and end of our night.
This pub was great, but the food was not that great. They're open late plus they offered us a 15% off coupon! There are numerous big flatscreens all around, which made it great for grabbing lunch, beer and some sports. They have a Sunset Wheat that's pretty much like a hefeweizen for $3 for a pint. Great deal in my book. 

The food was OK. The service for the food was a tad slow but maybe because the pub was packed at the time. The ranch was delicious, totally made my meal.
Ate here as we were at a conference and did not have a bunch of time in between sessions. It is just ok not great not horrible. The free popcorn was yummy and the perfect amount of salt. The chicken fingers I split with a coworker were extremely overcooked and dry. Ok when you are rushing between sessions.
The reason you get two stars here and not one is the fact that the wait staff is good and the food was decent. However the decor is drab, and well past it's prime. I was here for a conference, and therefore there was not too much of choice to get a cold one and watch the game. There were several TV's, although most of them were small and this place is pretty crowded when you get 15 or 20 people inside. The food was pretty good I must admit, but again the stale green carpet and dark wood paneling leave a little to be desired.
For my 1300th review, I am going to review a lounge named after me...?!  :) Awesome!  I found this place via Groupon.  It's a small lounge/bar area in the Scottsdale Plaza Hotel.  There's a small bar sized (6 ft) pool table in the lounge as well as a few TV's so you can watch sports.

During Happy Hour it gets pretty busy.  During my visits, I sampled the following menu items:

Nachos
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=NoabkdWqBta-5RRtK-9opg#NoabkdWqBta-5RRtK-9opg

Potato Skins
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=BhrLIs6tTlghmU_u3AuU-A#BhrLIs6tTlghmU_u3AuU-A
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=5IOo_SDPNd1AfPEdQwNzwg#5IOo_SDPNd1AfPEdQwNzwg

Cheese Sticks
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=gfj_9__b4wBDoFmKVNq1IQ#gfj_9__b4wBDoFmKVNq1IQ

The food was average.  The Potato Skins were bland and quite small.  The Cheese Sticks were just OK.....so were the Nachos.  For a sports bar type lounge, that surprised me.  Usually, they get the bar food down pat.  

The service was so/so too.  One visit, it was good....the other it was bad.  There are too many other choices in town.

Return Factor - 30%
Two stars for the food, 5 stars for the bartenders and free popcorn. Sent the dog biscuit dry chicken back, got dry flavorless ribs in its stead. Don't eat here. But great place to come for drinks!
This is a cozy place for locals and hotel guest to hang out with no pressure. The best part if having Holly singing on Friday and Saturday.  It livens up the place. Too bad unless you know about it there is no sign on a marque for people traveling in the area.  That would be my only suggestion.
Good pub faire in a decent setting. I had sliders with a fruit salad. All ingredients were fresh and tasty. My experience last week was good, with friendly and efficient service. Although, I was a single diner arriving at 2:20 pm on a quiet Saturday afternoon.
They hosted our Notre Dame game watch party - we had a wonderful time! Great people, great service and very good food!
This was an incredibly mediocre experience. I am trying to find words to say and things to write, but everything was so incredibly plain and unimpressive that I am not inspired to write anything great or profound. We had a party of 8 and the service was fine. The decor was pretty dated. I had a salad but don't really remember much about it. I'm going to stop now because I have nothing productive to offer, it was that unmemorable.
Great venue! Friendly staff! Outstanding service! Great food! Best happy hour in town! $2 draft beer!
This was an amazing place! We visited on 80's night, featuring the band The Spazmatics. Incredible facilities, very good food, great service, amazing, fun night!! We will continue to not only visit The Canyon, but are hosting a party there in the near future, and will definitely recommend it to many others.
Went here with friends last week; the first any of us had seen it since it changed to The Canyon. It's clear they are in the process of making this place more music friendly - with the decor and entertainment. 

The food was pretty good and service was good for us too. We went on a Friday night to watch a Bon Jovi tribute band. As far as the music; the sound seemed to be a bit off but I would expect that as they learn how the sound system works and tweak it a bit it'll improve. The band did a great job at entertaining us for sure... dressed the part and made an effort to get the crowd involved. 

We had a fun night out with friends; maybe spent a little too much for drinks but ah well - it was worth it.
What has been formally known as Fox Sports Grill has now been renewed into The Canyon Club - "Where music meets the soul."  This venue transforms nicely into the goals of The Canyon Club.  Three 10 foot projection screens, extremely large bar area, ample seating, as well as an area for live music, enables The Canyon Club to cater to it's mission on bringing live music, sport event viewing, and great food to Scottsdale.  

Their menu boasts a nice selection of appetizers, along with sandwiches, burgers, salads, and complete entrees.   Happy Hour is available Monday-Friday from 3-6 p.m. 

Their grilled chicken sandwich is made to your liking with toppings of your choosing, besides their standard fare.  Most of their menu items come with your choice of cole slaw, French fries or sweet potato fries.  For an additional charge, you can substitute the side for a salad or soup of the day.  The grilled chicken sandwich is tasteful and of large size on a soft Kaiser roll.    If you crave more meat, their Prime Rib Dip on onion bread is a stomach pleaser, complete with caramelized onions and plenty of juicy beef!

The Canyon Club has a bright future ahead here in Scottsdale.  Two California locations have already performed successfully, and now they aim to please here in Scottsdale.  With live music and televisions enough for any sports fan, The Canyon Club will be able to cater to most anyone's interests, be it sporting or music.  I look forward to seeing what live acts come into The Canyon Club in the future, as well as sampling the rest of their menu!

Continue reading on Examiner.com Live music, watch sports, find both at The Canyon Club - Scottsdale restaurant | Examiner.com http://www.examiner.com/restaurant-in-scottsdale/live-music-a-place-to-watch-sports-events-find-both-at-the-canyon-club-review#ixzz1UCcOODBs
Horrible horrible horrible the service here was poor, food was all right and nothing about the experience would drive me to go back. When we arrived the tone was set, there were no more than 6 tables and yet they ran out of menus and it took them over 10 minutes to find enough for our family. It Took over an hour for our food to arrive and almost 30 minutes for the waitress to take our order after getting our drinks. She did more talking with co workers at the bar then working.  When the food finally came my girlfriends steak was medium rare when she asked for well done and it took them two trips back to the kitchen and the order was still not right and it was still pink. The waitress also seem very erratic and very confusing at times almost as if she were drugged or drunk, the grill was dead and only a few more families were there it seemed very empty for a bar and grill on UFC fight night. The canyon grill was very distasteful and I will never go back. I would never recommend this place again!
Excellent draft beer selection. Over 50 beers on tap. Friendly, attractive bartenders. Great new venue in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Upper level, overlooking the Cityscape. Live comedy theater next door.
Superb job by the Copper Blues staff during last night's grand opening. The crowd was asses to elbows but we never waited terribly long for snacks or drinks. When you consider it was a hosted bar and the girls probably weren't making a ton of money in tips their effort becomes even more admirable. 
If you like a beer selection that runs 60+ deep, eclectic music, a killer patio with Downtown views, and wading in a sea of attractive people, odds are strong you'll have a good experience at Copper Blues. It really is a beautiful space with exposed ceilings, rich wood floors, gorgeous bars areas, and sumptuous attended bathrooms. 
Aaron May's menu is still a bit of an unknown based on last night's samplers but it's hard to doubt the man responsible for so many restaurant successes (Vitamin T, Over Easy, Mabel's On Main, etc.). The big man was in attendance last night overseeing the finger food service, which included caprese on crackers (meh), meatballs (strong), tuna tartare (spicy and delicious) and sweet pea guacamole (five stars). I'm looking forward to getting busy with one of his entrees soon.
Copper Blues is a big win for Downtown.
first and foremost, i was glad to see so many choices of beers which was the main reason my friends and i came. i wish they had more double or imperial ipa"s which i love. we all had a great conversation with all the wait staff and bartenders. what most impressed me was how knowledgeable some of the girls were on the beers and their recommendations. i dont expect them to have tasted every beer so the 1.00 shooters are a great way to try different beers. the food we tried was really good, the burrata with almond honey and flatbread. we ran out of bread and had plenty burrata left and the staff was nice enough to bring us extra bread, no charge. nice touch, dont want to mention names but was very appreciated. very nice upscale bar decor and atmosphere without the attitude. local beers are featured and i suggest craft beer lovers give this place a try. things are looking up for dowtown cityscape and wish much success to copper blues!
Why, hello Copper Blues, it's nice to meet you! I joined a good friend of mine for the opening this past week and had pretty decent experience. Let's just dive right in shall we?

The Atmosphere: my friend and I were lucky enough to grab a booth in the bar, since it was literally standing room only. The booths are very comfortable cushion wise, however since the place was very very busy, it made it hard to get out of the booth once you got in the booth. It seems that the tables have been placed too close together to comfortably move about during peak dining hours. I'm only about 115 lbs and I had to excuse myself to the woman at the table next to me every time I wanted to get out from behind the table, not to mention climbing over purses etc due to proximity. The musician that was playing on stage provided a lighthearted atmosphere, with acoustics that didn't blow your eardrums out either. Nicely done. Also, I love the lighting scheme, and the views from the patio. 

The Food: For the opening event we were lucky enough to be able to try various samples of food. I loved the green pea guacamole, the filet bites and the mac and cheese of course. Since we only got to try the sample sizes, I found myself definitely wanting more. I cannot wait to go back and try a full plate! I ordered a glass of the house Cabernet and suffice it to say I think I'll get something else next time. The cab lacked the full bodied flavor I was looking for and actually tasted very sweet for some reason. Anyhow, that is shame on me for ordering wine in a beer-oriented place. 

The Servers: I found that the servers were all very nice, but hopefully over the coming weeks they work on their flow. Since Copper Blues is connected to Stand Up Live comedy theater, you can bet that every night prior to a show it IS going to be very busy just as it was for the opening. That being said, they did not offer the full menu or specialty cocktails for the opening, which will undoubtedly make the servers job more challenging on a busy night. The servers will need to work on their speed and organization if they are truly going to be able to keep the customers happy with their serving time. For the opening, I found that I had what I call a "ninja" server. I would order a drink, and just as I was getting to the point of "Where in the heck did my server go to get my cocktail", all of a sudden it would magically appear on the table and I would see the server walking away. Very nice server, seemed to be knowledgeable about the products, just a strange flow.
Good joint with awesome band...don't forget the hot wait staff with the cool hats...
Got to check out the cool bar that is Copper Blues. They've got something like 60 beers on tap and live music! The bar itself is just a nice bar, great place to have a beer. The windows overlooking city scape actually pull down so you can have a cold beer al fresco. The staff was friendly and the drinks were well priced (I think $6 for most beers). The only drawback I had was I ordered a mixed beer that was supposed to be blue moon and milk stout but they couldn't get the milk stout to work, so they just substituted Guinness for it. I still drank it, but would have liked them to ask if I minded. Not a huge deal, just a bit presumptuous. Overall cool place to have a beer, nice addition to Cityscape.
We stopped in to Copper Blues on Friday night after a Mercury game at the US Airways Center.  Fantastic place!  Unbelievable beer selection, great views of downtown and an excellent band the night that we were there made for a really great downtown experience.  Will definitely be back again soon!
Aside from their exaggerated number of brews on draft and one marvelous view of the city, not much else alleviates the whole experience of an unmemorable suburban-flop-house-meets-swanky-airport-bar that is Copper Blues.
I'm from Denver and I am not loving it, maybe because it's a holiday and no one is here, but this place totally won me over. It's empty but everyone here is nice, and Linz is fantastic. I am a beer nerd and she hit it out out of the park on the first try. Incredible selection, fun people, and good music (sublime, incubus, and rockin the casbah in the first hour).
Very cool place - lots of beer on draft, great band playing Saturday night when we were there, and cool atmosphere!
Finally another downtown lunch option.  I'm viewing this as the "in-between" place, in-between Arrogant Butcher's heavy on the lawyer, heavy on the political scene diners, and in-between "Celtic-Hooters", I mean, Tilted Kilt upstairs.  The food menu is interesting, a lot of appetizers.  Not enough salads for my taste. 
Compared to Arrogant Butcher and likely Tilted Kilt, the menu has less salads and less fried foods, but it'll be hard to find something healthy to eat.  It veers towards the comfort food side, with options like chili with cornbread souffle, and flatbreads served with burrata fondue.  There are a few flat bread options on the menu which is their version of pizza.  The day I went, the lunch room was busy. (You enter in through the a lobby shared with Stand Up Live).  Didn't get a chance to try out their amazing beer selection, will have to try that out the next time I'm here for a show.  The management and service is very friendly.  (Not in a scary way, just in a "I really want to enjoy your experience way).  This is in sharp contrast to the service at Lucky Strike across the way which I've found to be downright rude at times.  Keeping my fingers crossed that they continue to do well.
I like the idea of this place - live music, fun to sit at before you see a comedy show next door. The food was tasty. My only complaint is that the service was ssssslllllooooooowwww. It took over an hour to get our appetizer of chips. They were delicious, but it should not have taken an hour. Other than that, great beer selection on tap. Hopefully the service improves with time.
A very extensive tap beer selection and the menu features several delicious small-plate apps. I had cheese puffs and the shrimp appetizer and both were prepared beautifully and with good, interesting flavors. Service is not intrusive and the use of space and seating is comfortable and upscale. I was not fortunate enough to see live music, but the stage is positioned well for good viewing. I will make it back here when I am in the downtown area.
Excellent draft beer selection. Over 50 beers on tap. Friendly, attractive bartenders. Great new venue in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Upper level, overlooking the Cityscape. Live comedy theater next door.
Dined on a Friday night during happy happy hour. They have a well priced limited menu that includes food and drinks. The resturant offers shaded cool patio space or resturant seating. The resturant seating had live music. My guest and I sat on the patio. We had to wait 15mins before someone asked us what we wanted to drink. This resturant does not have the 2 min rule like most resturants do for a server to greet you. The surrounding tables had the same experience. The resturant was not to busy just not enough servers.

The menu is limited but has a great variety of options to choose from for all dietary needs. I am not a beer drinker but my guest who joined me was VERY impressed by all the different brands. I ordered the Sasuage, Peppers, and Tomato Jam Flatbread. It was good. My friend ordered the same thing but his came about 20 mins after mine did. The server knew we were not splitting the dish but for some reason it took forever to come out. What appeared to a be a manager dropped of his flatbread with no apology or sorry it took so long. We both enjoyed it! For a place that is not known as a pizza parlor I was truy impressed. All the food that walked by our table was nicely presented and looked really great. We will go back to try the other well priced options they offer. I will mention they validate parking for up to 3 hours which is nice. Parking is in the same building.
Stopped by here one night when i was hanging with some friends.  I found the bar tenders to be rather rude and not interested in helping the customer.    The venue is really cool and does have a great vibe but bad customer service isn't worth it.
[Solid 3 stars for food and 4...dare I say 5 stars for ambiance] 

Sooo slacking on my reviews....I have been here a few times. Mostly to drink but I have been here to eat too. They have over 60 beers on tap and others in bottles. Wines and a full bar are also available. I really love their patio with is mostly enclosed and well ventilated with ceiling fans but if you need to be cooler go into the main bar area and enjoy the entertainment from a live band or karaoke (with a live band) that sits up behind the taps at the main bar. 

I have found the servers to be rather attentive and friendly. But each time I have been there they have not been "slammed". 

The last time I ate here I tried their beets and greens salad with candied pecans. I would have preferred the goat cheese crumbled on the salad with the pecans and not watered down in the "dressing" that coated the salad. It would have been much better with a light champagne or even balsamic vinaigrette. Underwhelmed and slightly disappointed I ate the beets out of my salad and half the greens. It was quite a generous portion. My dining companions both opted for the pulled pork Cuban sandwich, which they both seemed to enjoy. 

I work and live near by and I have and will continue to go back and enjoy my occasional happy hour, lunch or late night at Copper Blues....
4 stars for the atmosphere and live band.  Don't come with an appetite.  Saying the food menu is limited is an understatement.  Avoid the ribs in their Bigger Bites menu.  (See picture of ribs and my hungry hulk-like friend in the blue shirt.)  However, the manager on duty was really nice and made sure my friend didn't leave hungry.  Overall, good environment and friendly staff.
There's just something about this bar that made me love it from the second I stepped foot inside. Maybe it's because it is a glimpse of what downtown Phoenix could be: a hot spot for the night life scene. CityScape offers a very real potential for revival of social activity in the heart of the city, and Copper Blues is off to a good start!
My wife and I went on a Saturday night. We live right down the street, so we had to see if it was worth adding to our list of hangouts. The vibe was very casual, hip and festive. They offer around 50 beers on tap, some delicious small plates (and some larger ones), and live entertainment! That night we tried the Filet Bites, paired perfectly with a creamy horseradish sauce, and knocked back a few beers while enjoying a band playing some great covers! The prices were a bit higher than surrounding local bars, but it was well worth it to enjoy a more upbeat night in a NICE setting!
I wound up here because Tilted Kilt was full and I am so glad I did. I had a great time here and am sad that I left to go back to Tilted Kilt later on. I went on a Thursday at 6:30pm. They had live band karaoke and the crowd was fun and lively. I have never seen so many beers on tap in one place in Central Phoenix so needless to say I think I've found my new downtown post-work watering hole. The bartenders are friendly and attentive and it's just a cool place to hang out. I have to go back to the beer selection again because it really is breathtaking. There are SO many choices it will take you a while to decide which one you want. The Breckenridge Vanilla Porter is AWESOME!!!  Another great addition to Cityscape.
Copper Blues is a great addition to downtown Phoenix restaurants and bars. With over 60 beers on tap and live music, this is a great place to hang out with friends. I tried the Mac n' cheese made with beer and recommend it. I will be back!
Officially our new hang out spot. We have been the last 3 Saturdays in a row! The atmosphere is great and we love the live music. Plus, 65+ beers on tap and great food! They also rotate the bands nicely...each Saturday (out of the last 3) they have had a different band. The one last night was great...never seen a lead singer play the drums before!
Really enjoyed this place.  Went there before a comedy show at Stand Up Live.  Apparently, you get the hook up if you are going to a show.  We got a hand held seating buzzer for priority seating in the show room.  Nice!

The filet with horseradish app is delicious but the horseradish is on the weak side.  

Great beer selection and the waitress we had was great.  Very attentive.  We will definitely be back.
I've been getting pretty beer-y for awhile now, and LOVING Copper Blues! With their ridiculous selection of beers on tap and $1 beer shots during happy hour, I am able to sample a wide variety of craft and local brews or a fancy and more whimsical (to me, haha) beer blend and not break my bank. 

I love the beer shots for sample tasting, and also for the reason that you don't have to be a decider, because I'm really not. Order 4 different brews and if you don't like one, it's only a buck and you don't have to disappointedly chug down  of a pint. 
The House Chips on the HH menu are freshly made kettle-style potato chips drizzled with hot sauce and cheese... I was skeptical but now I can't walk in without ordering them. I haven't actually dined here, just grazed during HH. Friends have liked the flatbread pizzas here, and it seems to be the consensus. 

All of the waitresses I have been served by are pretty good about suggesting a choice, or describing something on their menu, though you probably wouldn't guess it by looking at them. I swear I'm not being rude, it's just a nice surprise when a waif-like blonde girl with those dumb feather extensions has something of substance to say about a stout.

Also, their stage set-up for live music is awesome. It is directly behind all the taps at the indoor bar (or stage bar) and gives the whole room a great view of whoever is wailing. Plus, Vinyl Station plays here, so that's pretty much an instant 50 pt bonus.

For the most part, I love where downtown Phx is going with the whole CityScape thing. Copper Blues is now one of my go-to places for an after work drink or a weekend night out downtown. We actually got to try this place before they officially opened as they participated in the Spring Fling pub crawl even though their grand opening wasn't until the following weekend. The waitress gets bonus points since she successfully coerced one of my party members to try a local beer rather than the Coors Light he ordered, and he liked it!
Good drinks, great food, and cool music. There is a stage right behind the bar. We tried the Fingerling Potatoes in Tomato Jam and it was fantastic.. I recommend.
I have only been here once, on an early Sunday evening after a few friends and I walked over after a D-Backs game. It was before the evening comedy show crowd arrived. This is the reason I listed noise as average, as I wasn't there when live music was playing. 

I like the setup of the place, with an outer bar area in an all glass area; gorgeous view of downtown. The interior bar, like the outer bar, has over 50 (I think around 60) taps. They have everything from your mass-brewed American lagers/pilsners (PBR, Bud, Coors, Miller, etc) and a good selection for the beer geek/snob (Sierra Nevada, Stone, Dogfish Head, etc). If you (over several visits) choose to consume one of each, you get two VIP tickets to Stand-Up Live (the attached comedy club). The interior bar area has some different style seating arrangements (booths that face towards the bar, high seat tables, and a nice wraparound bar by all the taps. There are a couple of TVS for sporting events and whatnot, but this is meant more for background sites than to be that place you go to hear the commentators during a game (I don't get the impression this place is meant to be the hangout during the game, but a great after game spot). 

The food was very good, we had a cheese pizza with sun-dried tomatoes, basil oil (tasty). We also got to try a Cuban sandwich pizza; that's right, if you love the pork, cheese (Swiss), and pickles of a Cuban sandwich, you will LOVE this pizza. Overall the beer and food rate from a 4-5. 

The owner (who spoke to me and my friends about our first impressions), Peder the head chef, and the on duty manager (Michelle?) were very friendly and answered all our questions. Breanne (sp?) was a very nice, and knowledgeable server. All of the waitstaff was very nice to my friends and I, even when we started to wear out our welcome. 


I enjoyed my time here and look forward to going back to complete my beer list. I want to come here during a lunch, and during live music/weekend to make sure I have a complete picture of the place before giving it a five. However, my first impressions are that I will ultimately do just that.
They had a bit of a rocky start in my opinion, but each week they improve. I generally end up here for happy hour every Thursday with my school and always end up enjoying myself. The servers are attractive and attentive, the drinks tasty and the karaoke entertaining. Bathrooms are clean (they fixed their wonky toilet seats) and they now have a bathroom attendant that sells assorted goods and gives you towels (classy ^.^).

Fun place for happy hour!
Copper Blues has become my go-to place downtown. Let me share some observations:

Pros:

1. Love the feel of this place. The design of the stage behind the bar with the tap handles on full display is pretty awesome.

2. Enclosed outdoor patio (never good at describing these things) is well designed. Less noise from the band out here. Great view of Downtown. Few more TVs if you want to watch the game.

3. The beer selection is fantastic. Over 60 beers on tap. They will have the beer you are looking for, including some local brews on tap. 

4. If you sign up for their Around the World Beer challenge, you get credit for each different beer you try. Try all 60 or 64 (can't remember exactly) and you get 2 free VIP tickets to a StandUp Live Show (which is right next door).

5. Solid food choices. Filet bites, Burger, and Cuban Pork Pizza (which may have been a special item for the day) are excellent.

Cons:

1. If it is really busy (usually right before a comedy show starts), you may want to head to the bar and order your drink. Drink service at the tables has been slow at times. As a result I can't quite award that fifth star.

2. This isn't a problem for me since I live nearby and walk here, but if you are coming here after 8pm, skip the parking garage and find a spot on the street, west of 1st Ave usually has some spaces. Somehow, someway, everyone who comes to CityScape seems to have to fork out a small fortune for parking in the garage. There also can be a line if a show has just ended.
This place has potential - 60 beers on tap, live music, cocktails and food! I like the fact that there was no cover charge and that the food and drinks are reasonably priced.  The stage is set up in a pretty awesome way - behind all the beers. 

With all the great things going for it, a few things felt off...for starters, the band playing was not the band listed on their website.  It wasn't even a bluesy band - just some rock cover band! I was wanting to kick back with some blues that evening, but instead got a cover of "Your Sex is on Fire." 

Also, what is up with the pea guacamole??! There is NO avocado in it (literally, its not just me being picky) - it is just mashed up peas with onions and garlic and lime.  I think that qualifies as a yummy pea DIP, but with guac, you need some avocado!
Great addition to the CityScape lineup!  This is a big place with TONS of beers on tap, sweet cushy leather seats and friendly employees.  So far I've only been for happy hour, which is great because they offer deep discounts on local beers.  I'm definitely looking forward to sampling some of the food options.  
My one complaint - most of the songs we heard here (I've yet to see a live band here) were horribly outdated top 40 hits that I wish I had forgotten about.  Clearly that's a matter of taste though ;)
Looking forward to going back!
I've been here twice - the first time, almost all of the local brews on tap were out. I tried to order more than 4 local brews, and they were completely tapped out. They only had the worst beers available. 

The second time I was there, I wanted to eat. They said that they were a "tapas restaurant" and only had small offerings. I got their baked shrimp for $12, and it was disgusting and small. I also ordered a diet coke, and it was completely flat when I got it. It was incredibly frustrating, and the service was terrible. I love City Scape, but if you're in the mood for a great place with good beers and drinks, either go to Tilted Kilt or Arrogant Butcher...this place won't last.
We have been here a few times before comedy shows and have always been happy with the service, drinks and food.

Copper Blues is a fairly large place that sits next to Stand Up Live.  One of the nice things is that you can buy a drink here and take it to SUL.  Though it doesnt count as your two drink minimum.  

Their appetizers are pretty tasty.  We ordered their beef tips which were delicious and also an order of their wings.  The wings were ok, but nothing fancy.  

My only beef would be that when a live rock band goes on, they forget that it's a restaurant/bar and crank the volume as if they were in a 20,000 person arena.

Over all good place and we always go here before a show.
Live cover band, fantastic drinks and tasty sweet photo chips and other yummy appetizers in cast iron ware! So cute. This place is awesome for a Saturday night with friends. An array of beer selection on tap.
Absolutely loved this place! I am a huge fan of live music & a big beer snob, so I was thrilled to find a great band & a huge craft beer selection at this funky joint! Service was friendly and quick, we'll be back for sure!
SO I was downtown taking pictures of "First Friday", then attended a meeting for #OccupyPhoenix. After I figured before I hop onto the light rail back to my vehicle I'd stop in here for a beer, a fellow co-worker recommended this place to me.  
When you walk in, there are about 60-70 bers on top, VERY attractive to a "beer connoisseur" as myself. I ended up just happening to talk to the bartender "gabby" who actually I know from my side of town, (the north west side of town). I did not eat here, just had a few different IPA's and watched 2 bands played, very decent place if you're downtown.
Very nice happy hour spot!! Located beside Stand Up Live with a great view into the city Copper Blues is your happy hour destination.

Delicious food at a reasonable price, live music, nice crowd, strong drinks what more can you ask for?
Pricey, but a lot of craft and seasonal beers!
This place is a blast. They have a huge draft beer selection, live music, and it's huge. I used to go out a lot in Scottsdale and Tempe, back in my hay day. If you bumped into someone or somebody bumped into you, which was inevitable, the other guys seemed to always want to fight you. At Copper Blues everyone is out to have a good time, listen to great music, and have a few quality drinks. I didn't try any of their food, but the atmosphere, the drinks, and the music will definitely encourage me to come back again.
60 beers on tap... what else do i need to say? ok- ill say more.  They are on the second floor at Cityscape downtown and the bar has a enclosed patio area that overlooks the downtown area.  The inside bar has live bands, open mic, and jazz on different nights of the week.  More of an upscale bar that a business person goes to after work with friends i wouldnt categorize this as a "night club".  Again 60 beers on tap.
I had been here once before and the food was pretty good and I love all the beers but the music was WAY too loud - couldn't hear my friends talk. I went there last night before a comedy show and there were many empty tables but after an hour of waiting I got just 1 beer and had to run down to 5 guys and scarf down a burger. So food and beers are good but service isn't.
I would like to mention first, this could have EASILY been a three- or four-star review.  My bf and I went on the Friday before Halloween, which was 80s night and I liked the live music; HOWEVER, our server never put in our dinner and we were on a tight time-frame to get to the Louis CK show down the street.  I loved the atmosphere of the place.  The menu was extremely selective, which kinda sucked but I can't even say whether or not the food was any good because we never got it :\  Nice beer selection though
Not a very well run establishment. Came here twice and won't be back.  The service was less than mediocre. I had left something behind on my last visit, went back for it, was told they didn't have it but I left my number just incase it came up. I got a call in the middle of the night from someone's cell later that night telling me they found it. Then I got a few butt-dials from the same person around 3 am! Not very professional.  And when I went back days later to pick it up, was told they didn't have it. No apology, no explanation- nothing. I asked for manager & told her what happened and even gave her number of the employee that had called me. Manager never even got back to me. What a joke.
I didnt get to eat here since we came in on a pub crawl but this place looks very very cool.

Lots of great beers on tap, the staff seemed friendly, good band playing.
Great semi-local spot in the corporately developed "heart" of downtown Phx. Impressed by the selection of draught beers of course, but the kicker was how quickly they stocked up on Phoenix Ale Brewery which just opened relatively recently. Fair happy hour and comfortable staff.  I'd like to see a little more risk taking as far as hours and specials, this could be a staple in the downtown community if they play their cards right... we'll see.
No more fingerling potato appetizer? :[ 
Been here about 4 times. It is a hit or miss with service. They have decent drinks though, nothing amazing, just decent. Their salads are big sized portions and very delicious. I think what makes us continue to go here is happy hour prices with the pretty view from the side bar...
Wow. The Jersey Shore meets the Real Housewives of Scottsdale. 

This was our second stop of the night, and maybe because the first stop was so cool it made Copper Blues all the more lame.

I'm looking around and I'm seeing popped collars, gelled hair, really dark eyeliner, Ed Hardy and Uggs with leggings. Seriously? People still dress this way?

I will say, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap; about 60, plus a large selection of bottles as well.

The reason we came here in the first place was for the live music. Above the bar is a stage for a band but unfortunately, there was a "DJ" last night. This guy sure was moving around a lot like he was doin stuff and having a grand ole time, but I have no idea what he was actually mixing. He just played Top 40 songs from start to finish. So. Lame. 

Picture this if you will. 40something MILF wearing a mini dress with a slit down the back and thigh high stockings grinding on your dad. They were basically dry humping one another in the middle of the bar. If you're that old, can't you just go home and bone? I don't get it.

This is definitely not my scene and I will never return.
Initial impression was that this place was awesome - a ton of tap bears, great music, a kind of stage behind the bar for the DJ, lots of people everywhere dancing and hanging out, and what looked like a pretty kick-ass outside bar.

Upon further review - this is just a haven for douche bags.  Andrea hit the nail on the head - totally Jersey Shore, although I think the people here were more Jersey Shore wannabes.  

I'll go back again in case it was just a weird night.  Who am I fooling, they do have some great beers - I'll definitely be back.
I found this place to have a great beer selection and some pretty good music.  I plan on going back
If it's a Saturday night, then it's likely you'll find me at Copper Blues. With 64 beers on tap, ranging from locals to domestics to seasonals, there's a brew for everybody! They even carry Red Bridge in the bottle, which is great for us Gluten-Free'ers! There are cover bands every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday night, and you never quite know what you're going to get! 

The food is amazing! If you're a mac 'n cheese fan, you would be amiss not to experience this dish. They're also happy to make minor substitutions to swap out pita bread with corn chips for us gluten sensitive people. So while many items on the menu may not be gluten-free friendly, the staff seems happy to substitute.

You can always find a table inside or outside, and the service is always great.
The two stars are for the food. We shared a bleu cheese burger and the wedge salad along with the potato chip appetizer.  While I do think it would be difficult to mess up said items, they were very good.  Then again, perhaps it was only the depth of my hunger pangs that had me thinking so....

We dined on a Friday night before a Suns game a couple weeks ago. Since it was a busy day and time, we gave ourselves ample time to enjoy our meal.  What lured me into Copper Blues was its upstairs location which provided a beautiful view and the live music seeping out the open windows of the patio.  This place looked like the perfect spot for a beer and a burger on that mild January evening. And if the service weren't so poor, it would be. 

When we arrived at Copper Blues, there was one couple in front of us at the hostess stand and a large sign that said 'Please Wait to be Seated'.  We obliged.  We waited and waited.  There was not a host in sight so finally the couple in front of us flagged a server down who promptly sat them.  By this time, there were a few more parties in line behind us.  The server, having seen the line that had formed, I assumed would alert the necessary staff and/or return to seat the rest of us still there waiting, but she did not.  Again, we waited.  Five more minutes went by until finally, we flagged down security and he sat us- at a dirty table.  It was quickly cleaned and a smiley and sweet server approached us within a few minutes and asked for our drink order.  

We ordered a beer and 2 waters.  We got the beer, about five minutes later, and only one water.  We elected to share it and not complain.  We ordered another beer and the appetizer- potato chips and an onion and sour cream dipping sauce.  She returned about 10 minutes later with the beer and we put in our burger and salad.  Then, we did what I was beginning to see was a theme at Copper Blues- we waited.  The appetizer, which was an item that did not need to even be cooked, took 30 minutes. Then, a full hour after placing our order, our burger came out- with chips instead of fries.  We accepted it anyway and did not complain.  The salad had been forgotten but she assured us it could be out quickly.  The sweet server apologized once more. It was 10 minutes till tip off now.  We hurried through our meal and left just in time to miss only a minute or two of the game. Phew.

When we attended the Suns game the next Friday night, we went to Tilted Kilt instead.  There was not an unrealistic wait for the food and we didn't miss a minute of the game.
This is my new favorite place to go to at the new City Scape in downtown Phoenix. The food, drinks, music, and atmosphere are all great. Copper Blues is the perfect decision for pre-show drinks and dinner. The restaurant is attached to the Stand Up Live comedy club and this past weekend my girlfriend and I met up with another couple at the restaurant before seeing Stephen Rannazzisi. 

For an appetizer we all really enjoyed the French Onion Dip with some BBQ potato chips, despite my girlfriend's hesitation to order this dish since it was "something you can easily pick up at the grocery store." For the main course three of us got the Copper Blues Burger, which has cheddar cheese, hickory bacon, roasted onions and tomato jam. Usually I'd do without the tomato jam, but I figured the hell with it and kept it on. I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I have to say, I wasn't expecting it, but I was blown away by this burger and I'm definitely adding it to my list of best burgers in Phoenix. My friend's wife had the Caprese sandwich. Pretty standard, but it looked very good. All sandwiches came with a side of their house made BBQ chips, which we all ended up using to dip in the left over French Onion Dip. 

For the beer aficionados there are over 60 beers on tap. Check out their extensive list here:  http://copperblueslive.com/page.cfm?id=1028

Me? I'll take a Coors Light.
I am not one to hang out in Downtown Phoenix before or after an event because quite frankly it's boring.  However, when I visited Copper Blues on 2/4/12 prior to the comedy show next door I will definitely be hanging out after events.

Here's Why ... They have a live band and over sixty beers on tap.  It's a nice cozy environment especially if you sit outside.  Budweiser drafts were only $5 and soda was only $3.  We didn't try their food but I hear the same owner owns both Copper and Stand Up Live so I am sure the kitchen is the same so I am confident in saying that the food is delicious because it was at Stand Up Live.

Happy hour is 4PM to 7PM Sun-Thurs so its basically perfect when any event is taking place during on those days.

On this Satuday night people were having a good time.  The draft beer was perfect and fresh.  The music was good and the bartender was real friendly and answered all of our questions cheerfully.

We had such a great time that me and my wife are going back to Copper Blues on 2/23/12 to hang out and drink with friends prior to our comedy show next door.

This is a nice spot and you have to check it out especially if you are going to the show next door !
This is definitely a great spot to stop for a drink.  They have a huge beer selection and their signature drinks are excellent, but a little pricey.  We grabbed dinner here before the comedy show, and were both pretty pleased with our meals.  We started with the Spinach dip, just okay, nothing special.  For dinner I ordered the flat bread with Goat cheese, fig and honey. It was super tasty, but a little too sweet for dinner. When we left the comedy show I ran in to use the restroom, and there was a live band playing. They sounded great and the guests looked like they were having a good time, made me want to go back.  Overall experience was, good, not great, but worth going back and giving it another try!
BEERS!
GOOD ONES! 
ON TAP!
LOTS OF THEM!

BOOBIES!
FAKE ONES!
ON THE SERVERS!
MOST OF THEM!

(oh yeah, and music and comedy and food and stuff too)
Average.  I went for dinner, not drinks, and the food was unimpressive.  The bloody mary was served with a slim jim straw, which was different to say the least.  It seems this place is all about image, but not about substance.
went for apps & drinks before the symphony.Lots of great beers to choose from. Beer Mac & Cheese with bacon incredible enough for 2. Staff was friendly & service great
Good selection of beers.  Hummus was weird.  Onion dip and guac were better but not outstanding.  Why two stars?  Service was awful.  More than 10 minutes of servers walking past us and saying nothing until we stopped one that had walked passed us a handful of times.   We asked if we had a server and her reply was "well i can be."  Thanks.  Hope we aren't puting you out. It was downhill from there.  Forgot order and incorrect check, no management.  Looks like the inmates run the prison.    0 stars for service, 4 for beer and ambience.  Better options downtown.
The boy and I finally check this place out last night. 
It was everything I imagined it to be. Great view from the semi-outdoors bar area, lots of beers on tap, and nice patio area. It was a Monday night so they weren't very busy, which was nice, I wasn't in the mood for a crowed. 

When checking out their menu online I saw they have my favorite beer on tap, SeaDog Wild Blueberry. It was delicious! Completely different on draft, but yummy all the same. They also had an Apple Cider on draft, my pick over a pear cider any day, that I could have in my Black Velvet (cider and Guinness). I was a happy camper. 

Only downer was that they closed a bit earlier than we would have liked, but no worries we will just have to come back again soon to try some more beers. 

The bartender was great, she let us try anything we wanted before committing to a full on pint. I tried to get the boy to be adventurous, but he stuck with the Stella, not bad at all, just a little boring. Oh well ;-)

I am looking forward to checking out Stand-Up Live soon as well, and the live bands they have at Copper Blue. I also hear they ahve a pretty awesome Ladies night on Thursdays, saweet! Menty menty more trips in my future, I can just see it. :-)
Copper Blues is still the best place in Phoenix for draft brews. Cooper Blues is better than the Yard House. Copper Blues offers better value, has live music or other entertainment most nights, and it is conveniently located near all the hot spots and attractions downtown.
A TON of Draft Brews and Amazing live music!!  Always a great time and great service!
Went to a good show at Standup Live last night and not ready to call it a night when it was over popped over to Copper Blues next door.  The band was rocking, so I headed to the bar for an adult beverage.  Great inside/outside feel to the bar area.  But that's when the vibe turned sour.
The crowd is clearly a late 20's-early 30's bunch and I am old enough to be their father.  The "hip" mohawked bar keep must not see be able to see anyone who doesn't meet his age standards.  Look, I would have served the cute girl standing to me first too - but after that - come on.  My money must be covered in shit, because he just wasn't going to touch it.
Never did get a drink from the asshole.  Too bad - the band was good and we would have stayed for the rest of the set, instead we left.
Went last night for my birthday. We sat out on the patio because the description on Yelp stated it was loud. The menu was pretty limited, mostly beer. I had a Copper Blues Burger, wife had a Steak Salad, The food was great! Waitress, Amy, was cute, had her boobs pushed up to her neck. Which I kinda like. She spaced out a couple of times forgetting to get a drink, but quickly remembered, apologized and had a great smile. Which makes it up for me. I used to bar-tend and I'm pretty forgiving. And I like boobs. ;)  
   The music ended up not being that loud. Zimi was playing. We are 50, so it was mostly classic rock. They were okay. We planned on moving into the bar area until we got the bill. What burnt me was the drink price. $10 for a Jack n 7.  The drinks were pretty weak, not much ice so they tasted watered down. So we decided to leave. Ended up sitting in the parking garage for 25 mins. with a bunch of grumpy people that had seen Dana Carvey at Stand Up Live that just got out. He must not of been that funny.
the husband and i met up with some other bay area friends after last nights game, decided to drown our sorrows in beer after a crushing loss. holy beer selection! awesome! nice view, mediocre cover band, attentive staff (the joint was packed)...i'd recommend it if you're a beer person...dogfishhead 90 minute and lagunitas ipa on tap! can't really say too much as the husband and i had 2 beers and jammed out to relieve the babysitter aka my dad.
After reading the reviews about this bar/restaurant, my husband (G.) and I were a little wary, but saw little other choice since we were going to StandUp Live with a large group of people who were meeting at Copper Blues.

I am happy to say that we had a great experience at Copper Blues and that we have no complaints. Well, their prices are a little high, but we expected this based on the location. That is a minor quibble.

Although they were moderately busy when we arrived (4:30pm on a Friday), we were seated promptly in the bar area. It was very loud since there was a two-man band playing, but they were good so it wasn't a big deal. 

The beer selection was good... a little bit of everything. G. and I are both beer lovers so this made us happy campers.

I ordered the macaroni and cheese with bacon appetizer and G. ordered the hot wings. The macaroni and cheese was tasty... not the best I've ever had, but it was good and filling. My husband liked the wings although he said they weren't that hot. I tried one and I thought it was plenty hot, but I am a bit of a wuss so there you go.

Our server was excellent. She visited our table often enough to make sure we had drinks and didn't need anything, but not enough to be a bother. She was very friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. 

If we didn't live so far away, we'd probably visit again soon. If we go to StandUp Live again, we'll definitely stop in for beers and dinner beforehand.
Great beer, great food and hot bartenders!
~Update~
I have to assume that our service experience wasn't the norm because the manager saw this review and 1. Got back to me promptly (within hours) and 2. did everything he could to make the situation right. I think I'll give this place another chance and keep all you Yelpers posted! ;)

Original review:
Good in theory: Copper Blues has a huge, well-sourced beer list and live music.  I wanted to like it!  I really did!  Alas... I went with friends on a Thursday night and the place was almost entirely empty, yet it STILL took us an eternity to get our drinks - JUST DRINKS, no food.  No wonder it was empty...
Great Beer, AWESOME live music on Fridays, Good variety of beer, and good atmosphere. 

This place is a great place to come in cityscape (downtown phoenix) it seems packed every time we go there and is always a fun place. The live music is great, and most do cover music from anything to adele, mumford and sons, lmfao, and even black eyed peas. Its pretty neat. After the live band they have a live dj. There is indoor and outdoor seating. HOwever in the summer I DO NOT recommend sitting outdoors. Its a weird enclosed patio that has half open windows. They have ceiling fans but its hotter than the temperature outside really is, maybe it traps the heat in. Anyway, dont sit out side. Plus the servers outside suck pretty bad. On Friday night, or server managed to not get one of the drinks for our party, never get us water, and really never show up to get our other orders. But when we did find her and ask her for drinks she seemed happy to oblige. We had a group of 8 and perhaps it was overwhelming for her.

Anyway, they have some fun/different beers too. The top choices of my gf are the blueberry beer and there is another beer with a hint of watermelon. They have great porters and hefes as well. Lots of local beers, but I dont see many specials/deals for them in particular. The prices range from $5-7 for a pint.
My girlfriend and I went here early Saturday evening because we were seeing Brian Posehn at Stand Up Live next door. We arrived about 4:45 and it was pretty calm in there with only a few patrons at the time we arrived. 

When we're trying out new places we always like to have a variety... usually an appetizer or two and different main dishes so we can taste each others to get an idea of the overall quality of the food. Of course there is always the beer factor too. We both love beer.

The beer selection is excellent. They have a ton of local brews and I was impressed that they had Sonoran White Chocolate on tap. On top that that it was only 5 bucks which is fantastic. They have their local brew called the Copper Blues Bru which was decent too. Grand Canyon is good, also on tap. The only thing it was missing in my opinion is that they did not have Moose Drool. It seems so popular here in the valley and I can get it at so many places I was suprised with their wide selection they didn't have it. No worries though this just encouraged me to try new things. The waitress never left me waiting for another beer and was always there when we needed her.

As far as the food goes we started out with the mac and cheese and added bacon to it. We make mac and cheese at home all the time and believe me it's good mac and cheese. Especially smoked in the smoker for an hour or so. So we always have high expectations of mac and cheese and man this didn't disappoint. The cheese was nice and creamy and the bacon was nice and crispy! The flavor was fantastic and they added just shreds of green onions on top to bring it all together. We both were thoroughly impressed. 

For dinner I had the Southwest Burger. I ordered it medium and it came rare which I don't mind. I always order medium so there is room for error. Some may have sent it back though. My girlfriend did give it a try although she does NOT like rare meat at all. We both had the same reaction though. The burger was incredibly juicy and very good. One of the better burgers I have personally had in a long time. The only knock though is nothing stood out to make it a "Southwest" burger. The rest of the flavors did not do enough. The burger itself took center stage though. I ordered fries with mine and they were decent. 

Brandi ordered a Turkey Club sandwich with chips. Really you can't mess up a sandwich. Well I take that back yes you can. All of her ingredients were fresh and piled high. It was a nice large sandwich on a ciabatta bun cut in half. Just the right amount of all of the ingredients to make the sandwich what it should be. Everything worked good here unlike the burger that drowned out all the extras this was the perfect blend of ingredients. The chips were home made and crunchy. I personally love chips like this. The flavor was good and it was a good portion.

Overall it was a good experience for us. The time we went was just right. In at 4:45 and out at 6:00 to catch the show next door. We were done eating before that but just sat and had a few beers while waiting for the doors to open next door. We didn't feel rushed to get out or anything and that is a good thing. One last thing. You can take a beer over next door too... it won't count against your minimum at Stand Up Live though which is understandable.
I heard this place is really fun at night with the live music -- haven't done that yet. Went after work for happy hour on a Thursday, and it was super chill with a great beer selection and awesome cheese bread for an appetizer. If you are a hummus lover, don't get it here...it's not that good. I got the Papago Orange Blossom beer, and it was awesome! Service is better than I expected too.
Came here during happy hour for a friends birthday before a D-Backs game and we had a great time! Great selection of beers, great service, great ambiance and awesome location! It's great to see a place like this (and the whole dining center) finally going up in downtown Phoenix!
I was really torn as to whether I should change my original star rating to a 3 or 2. Some things were really great but some were really really not.

We went here on Sat for my husbands 35th birthday. I called a week ahead of time and reserved a table for 20 at 5pm w/ their concierge (i guess thats what she'd be called). She said we were all set. When we got there at 5 on Sat the hostess didnt see anything about our reservation but said she "guessed they could accomadate us". Then throughout the next hour, she proceeded to try and seat people at the other end of our table since not all our people had shown up yet (because of the dust storm) and kept pointing at us and telling the people she was trying to seat that it was our fault they couldnt sit there. Rude. So rude.

Our waitress (Lexy) was great. She was very nice, funny, knowledgeable and attentive. She was one of the best parts of our experience.

About an hour after getting there, we ordered food. Tacos ( that took 45 minutes), the "Pig" ( a half lb of bacon w/ maple syrup for dipping that took an HOUR), and a caprese pizza (that took an hour and 45 minutes). Unacceptable. I can do nothing but blame the kitchen for this since Lexy was great. One persons food came out promptly, ours see above, another couple waited an 45 minutes for their pizza that when it came out the very rude male waiter told us it was our caprese pizza when it was our friends pizza. When we told him that we'd waited an hour and 45 minutes for it, he said "Uh huh." shoved it on our table and walked away. Again, SO rude.

One of the managers came over to apologize (cuz the food service didnt improve) he said he'd take 40% off of our check. Fine. Great even. When we got our bill, not only was their no discount like Ernie promised, but he was suddenly no where to be found.

Im so disappointed that this place wasnt better. Thankfully, our friends kept my birthday boy distracted all night so he had no idea that any of this happened, thus not ruining his party.

I wouldnt recommend this place for anything more than a few drinks before or after an event downtown or as a stop on a pub crawl. Very disappointed.
Meh.

Not a bad place, I suppose... just not that special. Great beers on tap, I'll give them that, but it's a bar experience you can have at a dozen other places, honestly. If you're already downtown for some other reason (Suns game, dbacks, etc.) it's a decent place to grab a drink and some food, but not a destination place. I'd probably flip a coin between Copper Blues and Tilted Kilt, and not really care where I ended up. (both try to over-compensate for any potential shortcomings by subscribing to the "dudes like boobs" theory.)

Why 2 stars? It's a mix. Service wasn't great, and I think i was just a little disappointed in the general atmosphere - I was really hoping Phoenix had actually gotten a Blues bar. This is just a bar with "blues" in the name. I mean, the band was playing covers of top-40 hits. I mean... really? I guess I was hoping for some kick-ass old dude sitting in a chair in dim lighting that can rip out a couple BB King tunes. Or a great jazz quartet to pound out some Miles Davis. Oh well. 

Guess I'm just sick of bars trying to pander to the hip, college / scottsdale crowd. There's such a gaping hole in the "blues - jazz club" scene in Phoenix  (by "gaping hole" i mean "none") and I was hoping this could help fill that hole. Guess not.
Copper Blues is one of my favorite downtown bars!  I usually come here if I'm going to Stand Up Live to see a comedian.  They offer a great selection of beers at a very good price.  We come early for the great Happy Hour with drink and appetizer specials.   We also have come after a show and there has always been good live music!  The waitresses are usually very friendly and offer great service.  

Over all, I love this place and think its a very cool place to hang out with friends!
It's a short walk from Comerica Theatre. We had time to kill before a concert and stumbled upon Copper Blues. We sat at the front bar which was perfect. We could still hear the "band" but could have a conversation. The band, one guy on guitar and one on sax, was very good. We had two appetizers: Killer Chicken Quesadilla and Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella. Thumbs up for both. I'll go back for more. The appetizers are on the small size which didn't bother us. Better not to be stuffed before a concert. My only compliant was it took longer than expected to get our food. They said the kitchen was backed up but the place didn't seem busy. Otherwise, our bartender was attentive and kept the beer coming.
This is the place where the beer flows like wine.

Sorry Lloyd and Harry, you should skip past Aspen and head here. With what looked to be 40+ beers to choose from on tap, grab yourself a cold and frothy one on a moments notice. Order yourself some of their Rockin' Chicken Nacho's, a fig and goat cheese pizza, the southwest burger topped with roasted green chiles and Monterrey Jack cheese, or what can only be described as "Pig" on their menu. A 1/2 lb of bacon served with a side of dipping maple syrup. 

I've been twice now on a Tuesday for their Open Mic' comedy line up "Laughs and Draughts". $3 Santan brews, $6 Chicken and Mac n Cheese, and other nice priced bar foods to choose from like wings. As much as I want to love this local joint for a mid-week night of comedic stylings; unfortunately, I don't think I'll be spending too many more Tuesday's here. There's just something that seems to be missing. No, not the food. It wasn't the drinks, not even the service itself. That's right, the comedy. I'm not sure I laughed but 2 or 3 times the entire hour and a half I stuck it out. The saving grace was that the Olympics were playing on the TV's in the background, but I could have got that same olympic sized entertainment at my own home, and the beer is cheaper there.

If you're looking for a laugh on a Tuesday night, I'd try to stick it out til Wednesday and find your way over to Stand-Up Scottsdale; their open mic is usually worth the time and effort, and its put together in much better fashion - no run on comedians who don't seem to cut the mustard or know when to exit stage left. 

They do, from time to time, have live music or a DJ spinning records. Check out their main site for a calendar of events. While I can't speak on those particulars, I imagine you can't really mess up music too badly. 

I would like to leave you Yelpers with the following words of advice. If you're out for a great selection of tapped and bottled beer, wine, or liquor in a cool down town atmosphere. Race on down, cause you may have just won gold.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
They had a good drink special going on for local beers but it seemed like everything was out. The bartender suggested a beer and I liked it. Didn't stay very long, a little too uptight and stuffy for our group. But it seemed like a cool place to hang out. Staff was attentive and polite.
I came for lunch last week & had a great meal. I ordered the super food salad which was full of healthy stuff that I could only manage to eat half of since the portion is really big. The atmosphere for lunch is cool but I can imagine it being a lot better in the evening.

Great menu choices - I'm sure I'll be back to try more.
We went for late night before the band NORTH came on, and the chicken fingers were really great, thick breading and tenderly cooked white meat. The waitresses were awesome, I think Jenn helped us out, she did a really good job. I will be back for both good food and music, which is something I can't say about most places, its usually one or the other. No! Not at Copper Blues, amazing food, feel good music, packed house, energy and noms for this foodie. :-D
The bartender made us drinks after we said we didn't want more. Then he was like, just have them. Then he charged us. The place was empty. The live music was a dated blues band. They were talented musicians, but it was a boring show. The drinks weren't good at all and the also weren't inexpensive. I haven't any reason to return.
Copper Blues could become one of the valley's hottest clubs. I couldn't give it a five star however, because there are some annoying negatives.

The environment is very impressive. Inside it is posh with expensive looking furniture, and there is plenty of room. An outside area gives impressive views of downtown Phoenix.

The selection of craft draft beers is extensive. Some of them are hard to find ales like Dogfish 90. 

Wednesday night there are free dance lessons with no cover charge. After the lesson a live band plays. Dance lessons are from lindy hop guru Steve Conrad, who is teaching "blues dance". Blues dancing is an intimate style of dance that hasn't caught on in the Phoenix area, but will be popular when people find out about it.

Unfortunately getting to the club is frustrating. It's somewhat hard to find because it's on the second floor of a building. Parking underground is free but it's always full, so get used to the idea that you are going to fight for parking with Suns fans and other multitudes downtown. Expect to do a lot of walking if you intend on avoiding paid parking lots.

Dancing is problematic because there is no dance floor. For the lessons tables and chairs are cleared to reveal a nice wood floor. Usually you have to dance between tables. Considering that millions were spent to build this place it's incomprehensible that an expensive wood floor was installed without putting in an area that people can use to dance.

A band called the "Sugar Thieves" played the live music after the dance lesson. Unfortunately their music was far too fast for blues dancing (which is usually danced to very slow and sleazy blues or slow soul music) and was too fast for almost any dancing besides Lindy Hop. They are good musicians but obviously don't have a clue what kind of music dancers need to have fun.

To add the to the problems the live band is on a stage behind the bar. The distance to the band is makes the live music experience somewhat impersonal. Even worse, to order drinks you have to yell across the bar loud enough to be heard by the staff who are standing directly in front of the band. What a lousy floor plan!

Beers are expensive and yet the pints seem small because there is too much foam. The waitresses are cute but they don't know how to pour beer. Tsk! Tsk!
This place is nice on a weekend night. Parking can be a hassle, and drinks aren't always the cheapest, but its good to be able to choose from a full bar, and not just beer and wine. Depending on the night there will either be a live band or dj; both are nice and don't stray too far from the mainstream. What this means is the dj isn't gonna play some tracks that sound like cats farting into a microphone. Check out Copper Blues, especially if you're leaving a show at Stand Up Live.
Aluminum Greens
By The Rue

These guys aren't messing around, 
My new favorite bar downtown,
So many beers I want to pound,
Will leave you sleeping on the ground,
What a wonderful place to have found,
I like my beer to be dark brown,
My waitress recognized the sound,
Of my voice I was astound,
They will not except a Brittish pound, 
Elvis sings a song about a hound,

Micheal Madsen's little brother is in the band, 
Not really but they could go hand in hand, 
He looked just like him, a little more tanned,
In first grade my friend and I would eat sand,
To impress the chicks it tasted bland,
I wanted to touch their mammary gland, 
My kisses are magical no one can withstand,
Especially when I softly brush away that strand, 
Of hair in your face, I'm sure you planned,
To leave your underwear on the night stand. 

MERCURY!!!
What a FABULOUS find!  In town for a conference we were looking for a place to kick back and have some fun - but not quite as crazy as the college night clubs. Walking below I heard good music and a decent size crowd - SOLD!

They were fairly busy but the hostess could not have been more pleasant and was lucky enough to find us a table in prim-o view of the action.  A beer list the length of the mississippi river? yup!  A cover band? yes! (Hold the phone...the cover band behind the bar - giggity giggity!) Creative and delicious pizza? They did it! I was definitely expecting something gross and greasy.  All in all a good night.

So good, in fact, that we returned the next night.  Again, a great band, great drinks, and this night we met a table full of very friendly locals and danced the night away.

(So when can you move to Ohio, Copper Blues?)
The only thing holding this back from being a five star review is the bad service.
Great beers on tap.
If you love a live band and 64 beer choices this is your place.
A friend and I wandered in by chance.  We'd been at the symphony and wanted to grab a bite and a drink.

The hostess was very nice and seated us right away (they were not too busy on a Sunday afternoon, although that changed pretty quickly after we were seated).  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The menu of food paled in comparison to the beer menu, but I didn't mind that a bit.  

We started with the Spinach & Artichoke dip, which was heavenly.  Next time, I'm ordering the bacon appetizer.  Yup, just a side of bacon... makes me giddy.  I had the Copper Burger and my friend had the Cuban.  Both were delicious.  I would definitely make the trip back to try more beer!

OH!  Beer... we had the watermelon ale.  Amazing.  I believe they do $1 beer shots, possibly on Mondays, my memory is failing.  What a great way to try a ton of beers.
I would have liked to make it past the front door.  The hostess was nowhere to be found for an unreasonable amount of time. When she finally surfaced, I was very coldly told that there's a wait. Don't know how long, but there's a wait. I asked if we were able to go sit at the bar and she said there was a wait for that too.  After watching many people walk up and be happily escorted in, we left.
Food was OK. Beer selection was good. My biggest complaint here is the loud volume of the music.
I picked a bad night to go out as every place was an hour plus wait to get in.  The atmosphere here is great.  Live music playing and a very social and open layout.   Even just sitting on the patio waiting was nice.   The service was good, but not great.   I am not a big fan of finally being seated and then having to wait and wait for someone to take my drink order. 

I had the Carolina Pizza.   It came with pulled pork, BBQ sauce, and fried onion strings on top.  It was really good, and definitely a high of the evening.    

I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a lively place to go and hang out at.
We really enjoyed coming here before a show at Stand Up Live.  The atmosphere is great, looking out over City Center is pretty cool.  

I enjoyed the options on the menu, however, I was with 3 others that had a hard time finding something they wanted.  Every dish seemed to have a "kicker" item that they didn't care for.

The beer selection was great and helped those that weren't happy about the food still enjoy themselves!  Our service was great, the waitress was more than happy to talk everyone through the beer choices.

I would recommend this before a show or as a date night!
Super cool place I've been to 3-4 times now and only drawback is the noise if you are with someone you want to have a conversation with. Service could be better, but location and above average food at decent prices cancel that out.
I came here with a group of girls for my bachelorette party, it was awesome! We were seated promptly right in front of the live band ( party crashers) The band was great and the lead singer did a couple shout outs to me and my girls. The restaurant provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne which I thought was very thoughtful and amazing. This was the first time I had ever been there and all of the staff was very friendly the bartenders were fast with drink orders and always seemed to be smiling which is a breath of fresh air for sure. I was amazed at the quality of service from this place all without even making a reservation!!
A lot of beer on tap.
A lot of cover bands.
Not a lot of blues.
A lot of pretty bartenders with big...smiles
Not a lot of alcohol in the drinks.
Meh.
I prefer to get drunk and listen to music elsewhere.
Great lunch spot at CityScape and also great place to hang after work or in the evening! Huge tap beer selection, great cocktails and wine. Haven't been disappointed with the food either. Friends have had a variety of items but I love their flatbread pizzas. Went once at night for eats and drinks and to hear the live music. Great cover band was playing that night. At night it's definitely loud so it's not ideal if you're going with someone you want to talk with. But for hanging out, eating, drinking and hearing some good music it's definitely a great spot.
Great beer, good food, and awesome live music. I was going to give this place a 4 star but I took off one star because of the waitress that served my friends and I. She was really nice and friendly up until the end when we paid. Apparently 15% gratuity in cash was not enough. She scoffed at the tip which made me want to just take it all back but I didn't because she did serve us well. What a greedy b****.
Went to listen to free Tuesday night stand up. Shared the fig, goat cheese, honey and almond pizza which was amazing. House beer was very good, service was fantastic. Loved it all.
This is definitely one of my favorite places downtown.  
We love live music!  In fact, musicians play on a stage above the main bar and behind the beer taps.  Sweet set up.  There is no set dance floor so expect myself and others to be dancing around your table.  Some nights there are some really great bands playing and others have the bands that play the Vegas style top 40 mash ups that I find a little strange.
The staff are super friendly and know how to mix a drink.  I can always count on Willis to serve my vodkas up right.  Not too stiff, not too weak.  A great bartender that always adds to our fun time.
The location is fantastic.  The sister to Stand Up live, across from Lucky Strike, on the second floor of CityScape, so the view on the patio of downtown at night is a winner.
I haven't ate here yet, but if the food is the same as they serve at Stand Up Live, it's pretty tasty bar fair.
It's a great choice if you're looking for a fun time downtown.  (You don't need to be a hipster to fit in either)
I've been here a few times after going to the gym. The service whether they are busy or not is always meh at best. The beer on draft is plentiful, but they always seem to be out of my first choice. The atmosphere is nice. The food only acceptable, but PRICEY for a bar.
We went to copper blues for a couple of beers and appetizers before a Suns game and then went back the next day for late night drinks and live music.  The atmosphere was fun. The bartenders and waitstaff were knowledgable and friendly. They have SO many beers and ciders on tap to choose from. The live music was an added bonus! Would definitely recommend this to anyone, especially from out of town.
Copper Blues is a cool place to some and listen to some music or hear some comedy.   My husband and I have been to Copper Blues a couple of times now.  The staff is really great and the food is great too.   Also they have a huge selection of beer on top that you can choice from.  If you are ever in town for a business trip or on vacation you should check out Copper Blues in downtown Phoenix.  Thanks Copper Blues for being a great restaurant and pub.
I loooove Copper Blues! They have TONS of beers on tap and they frequently bring in local bands. They really make efforts to keep things interesting here by participating in local events and all of the live music. The food is decent and I love the huge windows on the patio--it makes me feel like I'm sitting outside.
Live music, plenty of beer on tap, and a very happening place.  This place was packed with people however with a group of 6 we still found tables and chairs.  

I enjoyed some beers on tap, but wanted to try some food so we ordered the Copper Blues Burger.  Very good burger, fresh tasting and the bacon and cheddar hit the spot.  The fries are good, which I normally do not eat at all.  

Nothing like enjoying a nite out with friends.  Live music, great food, and plenty of drinks and beers on tap to enjoy.  We all had a great time out.  Service was great and everyone seemed pretty friendly there.  Great atmosphere here.
Food: quite delicious. Atmosphere: rockin'. Customer service? I'm disheartened to say that it's extremely disappointing! Therefore the three stars is only for the food and atmosphere. I've been to Copper Blues three times now and every time there's always been some sort of hiccup. However, the hiccups were short lived and soon forgotten. Unfortunately the hiccup during this last visit won't be so easily forgotten. 

This past Friday night, we went to see Bob Saget perform (he is absolutely hilarious by the way). Before the show, we wanted to grab dinner so we decided to make it easy and eat at Copper Blues. When we arrived, we were given a buzzer and quoted for a 10-minute wait. We asked if there was open seating anywhere and they directed us to the outdoor patio and said that was the only open seating. After about 10 minutes of waiting, we checked back with the hostess on the status and at that point, she said it was going to be a 35 minute wait. We said that we were told 10 minutes initially and then she said, "oh well, then it's 10 minutes I guess." It was all very confusing. So after about another 10 minutes, we checked back again and at this point they said that they never quote a wait time and when I told them that I had been quoted twice, she said again that they never quote a wait time. I felt like I was on crazy pills! It didnt seem like the staff knew what was going on that night! Well, the saga continues on... 

At this point, it's around 6:00 PM and we are hungry and eager to get some dinner before Saget. It was also freezing on the outdoor patio and we were hoping to sit inside. We decide to check out the inside portion of the restaurant (even though we were told initially that the only open seating was outside). Well, when we got inside, we realized that the entire bar area was also open seating. Now this is where the hiccup will forever stay with me and it will be hard to get over this next part. We find two high top tables and are told that one is in use, so we take the other one. It has three chairs and we need two more chairs. At this point, a waiter comes up and confronts us. I let him know that we are in need of two more chairs and do they have any (this is in the open seating bar, remember.) He turns to me, stares at me dead on and says "well are you even planning on eating here or are you just going to be using this table to wait?" Now regardless of whether we were going to order one drink or a whole meal, I don't think a waiter should ever question a customer and treat them the way I was treated. I proceed to tell him that we are wanting to eat dinner and we have been wanting to eat dinner there for a good thirty minutes! I was blown away by the treatment and I will admit that I've never been treated so rudely at a restaurant before. Someone must have seen my anger and utter shock because about five minutes later they told us they found a table at the bar for us but sadly at that point, the experience at Copper Blues was ruined. We ordered several drinks and a couple appetizers (which were delicious) but after the treatment, decided to just eat dinner at Stand Up Live. 

I hate writing a disappointing review like this one. I visit restaurants wanting a good experience and wanting to enjoy the atmosphere. However, customer service can either make or badly break an experience.
I went here last weekend for a friend's birthday. I haven't been to any bars in downtown Phoenix in quite some time, as I generally go out in Scottsdale or Tempe. 

The crowd was diverse and friendly. 25-35 was probably the median. They had a live band playing some good tunes, and when they were on break the music on the speakers was a lot of alternative 90's music which I love and never hear at bars.

I was with a group of about 20 people and we were able to get tables/seats by the bar without any problem (something you have to pay dearly for in Scottsdale.) 

They also had 30+ beers on tap. I tried a 10.5% hoppy beer whose name escapes me. It was quite good. If I had any complaint it would be that the drinks are a bit over-priced... even for someone who frequents Old Town often.

Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be back.
Probably one of the (if not the) coolest spots in downtown city scape. Tons and tons of beer on tap, you can sit by giant open windows and look out to down town from the second story. 

I didn't have any food, so I can't say anything to that, but the beer was pretty good. They have probably 15 local beers too, which is awesome. Many I had never heard of. 

Unfortunately they don't serve food past 10, and they do last call at 11. What? It was still decently crowded on a weekday to close down that early. But it seems like everything closes early downtown on weekdays. Cmon now.
Good beer and good food. Saturday and Sunday happy hour from 4:00 to 6:00.  They also have great live music on some nights and it's differently the place to stop before and after a comedy show at Stand Up live next door. And with 60+ craft beers on tap Don't  order a bud light , if you are not sure you will like something ask for a sample. You never know what you mite like untill you try it.
Copper blues has somewhere in the area of 60 beers on tap and live rock music a few nights of the week with a stage built right into the bar. It is a really cool addition to the downtown area. If the music gets to be too much you can hang out on the patio (which in phoenix at this time of year is where we should all be anyway). The chairs are slightly uncomfortable, and it was a little confusing to figure out whether or not I was in the line for the comedy show or trying to go have a beer on the way up, but once you navigate through the comedy club line it was solid from there on out.
Very decent cover band pub with an excellent array on tap (including a decent cider selection) with very decent local coverage and a good selection of the 'in' pretentious imports to make the self-appointed cognoscenti feel special.  The food's typical bar fare, but not bad for that, and suffices reasonably for the venue.  The ambiance is excellent (consistent with the venue again) with an excellent location and situation (upstairs, windows, central venue...with several other entertainment businesses right by).  The cover bands have been very good and the crowds 'fun'.  I have been on several occasions,    drop by fairly regularly,  and consider it the 'go to'  local joint for the casual drink or two and a listen....or a brew and a nosh....  Recommended for the 'drinks and music' deal, for sure.  A special experience would depend on the circumstances, but for a decent and honest set-up, Copper Blues provides an excellent and consistent product.  Service can be inconsistent, but in my experience it's varied from fair to excellent...hey guys...it's a busy urban bar scene...don't be so farkin' 'precious'!    

Recommended meet for drinks and nosh, listen to some tunes, downtown pub.  Some of the covers are good enough to go just for them....
This place was so much fun!  The band was absolutely amazing.  The ONLY reason they didn't get a 5th star, was because I asked the hostess a few days beforehand if there was dancing, and she said "yes, the band is awesome and they move the tables out so people can dance."  The band WAS definitely amazing, but everyone kind of just stood there and my wife wanted to dance on her bday.  Other than that.... awesome!
Looooove this place! We came here for happy hour (drinks are strong, delicious and cheap) and decided to stay for the live music performance (awesome setup but no dancing). I guess you can't have everything you want in a bar but this definitely comes close. We'll be back and hopefully we can dance!
Great selection of beers The amateur comedy is always good sometimes funny other times a dud but good non the less... Then the night gets rockin with live music
I have a handful of friends who have been here and, of course, mentioned the myriad tap handles hanging out behind the bar. So, I figured this would be a good place to kick up my heels and take in a few brews and some dinner before a Diamondbacks game one evening.

I was wrong.

My friend and I showed up around 4:30, more than two hours before the baseball game and certainly before the thick of the happy hour crowds, as we sat at one of only two tables taken in the open-air, no closed windows section of the place. During a trip to the restroom, I could also see that the rest of the place was nearly empty too. Despite this, our lame ass, young/thought she was all that waitress still couldn't be bothered to come over and see if there was anything she could do about my empty beer glass in an establishment that boasts their tap selection as one of the place's attractions.  In just over one hour, I had "time" to order only 2 beers. On top of that, when the food finally came to the table, she asks if there's anything else we need. I said "yes, ketchup, please." Do you think that EVER made it to the table? I'll let you readers decide the answer to that based on my tone and the overall rating I gave this joke of a place. 

Bottom Line: Slow service, so-so bar food that I would never take time to write home about, and waitresses who would rather chat with their friends around the bar area than do their job. The management needs to wake up here. Since it's no longer Phoenix circa the 90's, you can go to MANY other places with live music and huge beer selections. I don't plan on coming back to Copper Blues.

P.S. I hope the waitress enjoyed all the conversations with her friends that kept her from doing her job well and the suck tip that I happily gave her in return. Call it instant Karma. :)
I honestly haven't tried the food at this place. We went here as a group after dinner because we wanted to experience something else besides the usual Scottsdale and I I was hooked since the moment I walked in. It was a Friday night and The Instant Classics Band was playing that night. Amazing voices, music, and show! I know some other reviews say that Copper Blues compares to Blue Martini, yes I agree, except that it is more casual and I can testify that the live bands are waaaayyyy better along with the prices. Let's just say I danced all the way until they closed. The band stopped playing around 1 am I believe ( I had a few cocktails so that statement may not be fully true) and then they just played 90s and top 40s. I highly recommend this place. It is in Downtown Phoenix, very nice, chic, affordable, and FUN, FUN, FUN!! Perfect for going out with friends and have a lovely time!!! Now, if you are like me that looooooves to dance non-stopping and your date is not really a fan of dancing, this is still perfect. Because you can eat, have a beer or cocktail,  sit if you want to, dance your butt off, sit down again, go outside and have a ciggie, go back and have a tequila shot, dance again, another shot, and FLOOR! Just kidding!! you get my point! All you need is here =)
Okay the place itself is awesome and I'd give the building five stars... Where it goes downhill for me is the staff. When a few classmates and I  came for a few drinks after class we arrived and sat down at the bar. We ordered a few beers and then had to move to a bigger table to accommodate more people who were coming to join us. After we moved to a table close to the bar just big enough to accommodate all the members in our party a server came up to us and informed us that we were siting in "HIS SECTION" and he seemed annoyed to even be there. He continued to look at our table and roll his eyes at our already order drinks. Okay sir I totally understand the annoyance of guests moving around to different tables but in no case is it appropriate to give your customers attitude about moving to accommodate for a larger group of people especially on a slow night when there's plenty of tables open. Our rude server didn't come back over for at least 30 min so we continued to order food and other drinks from the bartender. When he finally came back, we had just received our nachos and more beer and once again he rolled his eyes scoffed and walked away.  We didn't seem him for the rest of the night which was fine by me.

I must say the girl behind the bar was very knowledgeable but she also wasn't too pleasant. The employees seemed to be friendly to one another and cracking jokes but as soon as they were talking to a customer it seemed like a flip was switched and they were now annoyed. I asked a few people that had been in before of what their experience was like they all said they had been in for dinner on a non-music night and the service was awful. Those who had been in during a show said they had a great time and the service was decent. 

I must say that this location would be awesome for a music venue which it is... So maybe ill be back for a show but I will not be back for dinner on an off night.
Pretty neat bar with cool atmosphere.  Live band on some nights.  Food isn't bad for a bar.  I had the bbq chicken pizza - the dough was tasteless so I didn't eat the crust.  The chicken was like jerky.  But the overall flavor was pretty good.

I'll probably come back for happy hour specials.  The prices seem fair and I love live music.
I am now a fan of the cider options on tap with fireball shots in them on a Saturday night. Good way to relax and listen to live music.
I don't even know how to describe this place.  It's kind of like sensory overload and anywhere I sit, I feel like I always have to watch my back.  This is not the place to go for a relaxing cocktail.  This is the place to go when you have a very limited taste in music, you're desperate to be seen and you don't really want to interact with the people that you're with.
Copper Blues has been on top of our list of happy hour places after work, and has proven to be a solid establishment for that purpose. This weekend, as part of our Drinko de Mayo festivities (which involved going to predominately Irish pubs to order margaritas), this place topped the charts. Seriously, the margaritas here were crazy good. And you get to take the skull tequila bottle home with you.

The servers are consistently amiable. The beers are always incredible. And the music last night, as in most nights, was stellar.
During a conference held downtown, a company hosted a happy hour party here.  Although I've been in the area dozens of times, it was my first experience in this place.  The party was held out in the patio area.

It was a great spot to host the party....we had our own bar and food setup, so getting drinks and appetizers was easy.  It was an open bar during the party, so I don't have a sense of how much the drinks are here.

The party was held in early April, so the weather for a party out on the patio was perfect.  The place looks like a cool spot to come hang out before a Suns game....will have to keep this in mind for next season.

Return Factor - 80%
Amazing beer list and best Mac and cheese ever.  :)
Awesome beer list, fabulous live music, great ambiance....  HORRENDOUS service.  Egregiously bad.  Do not try to go here before a concert, event or game.  It took over an hour to get our food and when the waitress brought it, it was wrong.  My husband asked 3 different people for more water, and all that happened was that our airhead waitress took his empty glass away.  What?  I hoped that they would have had their act together a little better considering their proximity to USAC, Chase and Comerica.  I will say that the various servers were friendly and polite, I just didn't understand why we were ignored so badly.  I can't really comment in detail on the food, since all we wound up eating was a side Caesar salad and an order of the filet bites.  I wasn't a huge fan of the filet bites, it was more like overcooked carne asada than what I was expecting.
I wouldn't have had a problem paying high prices for mediocre food if at least the service was good. You would think that being as close as they are to US Airways center that they would staff accordingly too. No such luck tonight. $70 later, still hungry and thirsty, I would not recommend this place to anyone. Managers should pay more attention to the guests less to the hostesses.
Stopped in before a Diamondbacks game for a quick nosh & drinks. The weather was great so we sat outside - the waitress was right there (and I mean right there in all her glory!!) to take our drink orders. After 1 round, we ordered a couple of starters which were very good and another round of drinks. Then she went missing. There were other patrons outside, too, and they were waiting for someone to wait on them. Finally, we caught an employee's eye and asked to get our bill. Very poor customer service.
Wife and I met friends for food and drink before the DBacks game.  Although it is 4 blocks from Chase Field, the walk isn't bad.  The good news is the food.  I had the wings (honey hot, long on honey, short on hot) while the wife had a small pizza.  Our friends followed suit.  
I think we all agreed the food was good for the price (we ordered off the happy hour menu), especially considering the location.  The beer selection was exceptional.  Between the four of us, using fingers and toes, we could not count the taps.
There was a two piece band playing.  One guy on guitar and vocals, the other played sax and, incredibly, the accordion.  But hey, the were good and I enjoyed their performance even though it did make conversation more difficult.
So much for the good news.  Now, about the service....it was slow but not as bad as other reviews might suggest..
Bottom line, we'll be going there again!
Fun Saturday night date night! The band was OK - played your typical "drunkin bar sing along songs" (like Don't Stop Believin' and Sweet Child O' Mine and Sweet Caroline) and since we drank, we sang. 

It's a cool downtown venue that actually gives you that urban big city vibe we lack here in Phoenix, which I always find strange since we are a big city! The waitresses were wonderful and cute, and there are LOTS of beers on tap so the hubster was happy, while I drank the Mojitos which were delicious and refreshing ona hot summer night! 

The crowd  is eclectic and mixed ages, and I would say a little more toward the "trendy" side but not like Scottsdale crowds, and definitely not many hipsters like you normally find in Downtown venues. Casual and cool.

We would go back for sure! It was fun, not too over priced, and bonus! We can take the light rail there!
Guinness mac and cheese... dollar beer shots on happy hour. AWESOME live music... just don't go to the comedy club next door unless you want to feel like you got raped at a casino.

Nice place to pre-game before a basketball game, since its walking distance. For 1 over priced shitty drink at the game you can have 10 beer shots and be buzzed and ready to go all night.
Tons of beer on draft, very chill place.  Live music and just caught a glimpse of celebrity, Gabriel Iglesias, who happened to walk over from the Stand Up Comedy place next door.  I'll definitely back!... I gave it a 4 because I was freezing.
Ok, Copper Blues isn't cheap dive bar, but it's worth it everything they charge, and worth leaving a decent tip!

The bartenders (and that is plural) are always alive and crazy busy trying to help you behind the bar.   They get you a drink if you can only squeeze an elbow in through a crowd.  But it does get crowded at times.

If you are at a table, the staff is still pretty decent, they get it.  They know it's a popular and busy place, and they try to keep up.

At least of spring 2013, the staff and service makes it worth going to on a Friday or Saturday night. They make you feel like you matter.  I can't say it's the cheapest place, or best food.  But, the selection of beer and the service makes it worth spending some money there, if you have it to spend.
Came on a Friday night and had a great time.  They had live music (free!) and the overall vibe was fun and relaxed.  They also have a lot of different local beers on tap, ranging from $5 to $10 each.
This place has a nice atmosphere. Cant believe I haven't been here sooner. Mixed drinks are a bit high but the atmosphere and crowd is very cool.
Fun, fun, fun!! We had a large time at Copper Blues on Saturday night. The band Furious George, helped us usher in the first night of vacation. The music was rockin and the drinks were flowin! We sang well past our bedtime and had memories of tasty shots the next morning. Way fun!!
Super friendly bartenders and I had my first Moscow Mule experience (vodka, ginger beer, and lime-YUM!).  A little sad my drink didn't come in a copper mug, however.  Great place to grab a drink before a game or show downtown-a little pricier than what I'd like but that's my only complaint!
Okay. Gave this place another try and It's pretty cool. I'll be back again.
Best place downtown for sexy music, sexy staff, and strong drinks! The Instant Classics will blow your mind!!
Awesome experience! The bar and wait staff were attentive and friendly despite the huge Saturday night crowd. The band was phenomenal! I'll be making the trek from Scottsdale to enjoy this establishment very soon!
Overall the place was a pretty good establishment but there were a few things that take it down a few notches in my opinion:

1. The band (The Instant Classics) - while they were pretty decent they kept calling attention to the fact that they were doing more and more shots.  I'm sure that this was to encourage patrons to drink but it was pretty noticeable that they were getting a bit out of hand with their booze.  

2. The crowd - obviously the bar and band can't do much about this but when people yell "freebird" after every song, the band makes fun of them, it only encourages it to continue and takes away from the music.

3.  The service - I understand that any time you have live music or a club scene, its going to be loud and thus hard for servers to hear.  That being said, when you ask for a water and they bring you a Pumpkin Beer and then charge you for it, that's just bad service.  On top of that when asking for my bill (included my girlfriend, the others in the group weren't ready to leave yet), the first time the server brought me a bill that was completely incorrect, as in not one of the drinks was one that my girlfriend or I had.  The second trip she brought every ones bill EXCEPT for mine.  Apparently the third time was the charm (although it did have a beer on there that wasn't ours which the server acknowledged and removed before running the card).

Lastly, I am not a huge fan of the lack of parking downtown.  They treat downtown Phoenix as if it were San Diego or Chicago with the parking in that its all garages and any little event going on down there gives garages the balls to charge $12 for parking.

Overall the music was good, drinks were decent and okay on price, service left a lot to be desired and the location (downtown) isn't my favorite.
I love the strawberry fields martini!
Came for happy hour and had a mixed drink and the spinach dip. The dip was really good with sliced baguette slices but the mixed drink was weaker than something from a cheap bar. I watched the pour and it was barely a second and it cost me ten bucks. Complete ripoff.
Overall it's two separate bars, basically a sports bar, and then a dance bar (most people grinding along the bar). Of course I chose the bar with more energy and fun to sit at. The music they were playing was not recent, basically 80's dance, not my favorite but some like it. Try to come when there's actually live music playing. It's mainly a bar, with part dancing. Not a place to lounge, it's a restaurant style set up, thought that might be helpful to know. The interior was decorated alright, good use of lighting and color but most of the space was used for restaurant tables. There are some couches you can sit at with some tables.
Love this place. We always have a great time. The bands are always good / great and the beer is fantastic. Gotta say, never had a bad experience. Customer service is outstanding. I always make an attempt to come here whenever I'm in town.
I have brought many people here for birthdays. Every time we get a booth around 6-7:30pm and stay at the booth. My only issue is the waitresses (it's usually women here lol truth) who switch shifts or something and it ends up you can get 3 people in one night sometimes. This and putting items on the wrong bill. We have had some great ones, but last time we were here our waitress wondered off, didn't bring the 3 shots as asked, then charged some other guys item's from the bar (we were at a table since 7pm) to our bill. We still come here as a couple of groups of 4, but when we bring more people we now check each others bills because of the mistakes that occur with a party more than 4.
2 stars because they have a ton of great beers, and they are all not crappy, over-hopped hipster beers!

give them 1 star for food. overpriced and under-flavored. 

go here to drink, not eat.

others in the group said their wings were good, but the rest of the food was not.
I joined some of my peeps here the other night for drinks.  

I didn't really know what to expect, given that I'd not heard anything about this spot.  It was a Friday night, so it was pretty packed and super freaking loud.  No bigs.  They have TONS of beers, most of which (or maybe almost all?) were craft and/or local brews.  Score!  

I ordered a pint of Left Hand Milk Stout, which was the best one I've ever had.  The look is cool/casual.  There are two bars: one when you first walk in and one that the band plays behind.  

The music left something to be desired, but that could just be because I'm a music snob.  It was a cover band that seemed to be Maroon 5-ish (whom I loathe).  That's not to say they didn't do a good job singing and playing, just not my kind of jams.  

The service was decent, didn't really interact with the staff much.  I'd definitely go back on a week night to check out the vibe.
Loved the decor- came here on a bar crawl before a show and it was packed. We had no trouble getting a seat though (sat at the bar) and got service immediately even though it was pretty much standing room only. The bartender was friendly even though she was super busy and found time to pay attention to us even though she had many duties that evening. 

They have a massive beer selection and great beers on draught as well. We did order some nice stuff, but they also had $3 pints of a really nice beer on tap, so we partook in a few of those as well. It's great to see the range in prices- something for everyone. 

We even nabbed (ok, were given) glasses from a snazzy beer that they were discontinuing.  

We will come back the next time we're in town.
Love this place every time I stop in! Went this past Saturday night to listen to the band. They were amazing! Large crowd on a Saturday night but nothing to make you claustraphobic. They also have a late night happy hour, even on a Saturday night! We ordered a spinach and artichoke pizza which was perfect for our late night munchies. As we were walking in a man on the street offered us coupons for any pint beer for a dollar. Score!!!
Copper Blues is one of my favorite Cityscape spots. A great venue for live music and great beer selection. Whenever I have a planned night out downtown I check the music calendar and if EastonAshe is in the house I make sure to stop in. They play here often and they're one of my favorite, rockin' Phoenix cover bands. 

It can get crowded when the bands playing but the outdoor patio is usually a little less crowded so you can at least step out there to get away from the crowd, if needed. 

We were offered penny pint tickets on the way in and that was a big score! I'm sure the bartenders love those deals as well. We definitely tip more when the drink is pretty much free! ;)
What a fun place--and right next door to Stand Up Live! 80+Beers on tap, great food, excellent service. I couldn't have asked for a nicer visit!  Crowded but not overly so, food served hot, beer served ice cold. Can't wait to go back!
Copper Blues was a random find prior to a DBacks game. Pure Awesomeness. A veritable sea of beers to choose from!

Hoh. So. Happy! 
(Shoot me. I'm biased. I never met a beer I didn't like.)

Warning! The entire bar area is first come, first serve seating. So pony up soon! Those seats fill fast. 

Happy Hour makes everyone happy. Right? But before a DBacks game you can score big! M-F, 3-6pm make everyone happy! (Have no fear, weekends happiness abounds. Just 4-6pm.)

$3 Pints (Domestic & Local)
$4 Pints (Crafts)
$5 Call Cocktails 
$3 House Wines

I initially offered a $1 beer shot. THEN I learned it was a way to explore different types of beer. Cool-i-o. 

They also have a neat set of specialty drink on special called Rocktails and Rocktinis. They looked beautiful, but for another time. I'm a BEER drinker!

With beer, you (meaning, I) had to indulge with the following:
- "Pub Chips" are actually potato chips layered w/blue cheese & hot sauce. You haven't drank a beer until you've tried this. Seriously. So simple and oh so good.
 
- Fried shrimp = We shared, otherwise I might have licked all the mayonnaise stuff.
(Did I just say that out loud? ;)

Oh, before I forget! The servers in their trendy little vests were a hoot! Both times! Great service. Seems like a neat place to catch live music. It's on my list to try again on a non-game day, perhaps before a comedy show. 

Thx Copper Blues!
If you're here for the beer and live music, you are in the right place! (Check in for a free beer sample, too!)

To be fair, I have not eaten food here and have been multiple times in the evening (9-10 PM), but I love the beer selection and, more than anything, the excellent bands they have on stage. 

Service is pretty good--waitresses are always friendly and don't mind if we hang out for a few hours with drinks (after all, that's kind of what the venue is hoping for, I'd think). Prices are average. Not super cheap, but not breaking the bank. 

The outdoor patio is also great if you want some fresh air--and they have another bar out there so you don't have to keep running inside if you want another round! All and all, a good time.
This is a great place to stop by before a game or event downtown.  Live music and great beers on tap make for a good time on their own.  Throw in a hip environment and solid food and your golden...err...copper.
This one was tough to pick out the 'rating number' for... as it's been mixed. The food has been good. Fairly typical bar food but with a twist of sophistication. They also have a humongous beer selection!! 

If you sit AT one of the bars - the bartenders there are HILARIOUS and super helpful... one of the gals even mixed two beers for me to make a delicious blueberry oatmeal one for me... LOVE her for that! (And guys - the lady bartenders here are SUPER cute!) Whenever I've sat at a table in the evening to watch the bands the service is really slow, which is too  bad. I've actually left CBL because drinks have gone so long without being filled. Last time I was here with a gf of mine, we waited (after waving her down) over half an hour for our check. Bleh. 

I say visit CBL, watch the awesome groups/bands they have FROM THE BAR... or sit at the outside bar and find some fun entertainment from those bartenders. Of course I'll be back because it's as neat place! Check em out!
Always a good time !  Best live music, lively and Upbeat atmosphere, mixed crowd of Twenty-Somethings to Fabulous Fifties type folk.
GREAT selection of local beer, good food, trendy and semi-classy, loud live music that kills conversation and packed. 

If you are looking to go out with friends for a drink and a live band and don't care about conversation, this is a great place.  The set up is cool, the band plays behind the bar, but that makes it really hard to talk to the bartender. They have A LOT of beers on tap and I was impressed by their selection of local brews. They even had a few THAT Brewery beers which I can't recall seeing anywhere else.  
Another good feature is that the kitchen is open late and the food is very good, it's much better then typical "bar food."
Last weekend, my boyfriend and I visited Bisbee, AZ and met a gentlemen there who told me to visit Copper Blues when I returned to Phoenix.  I'm a big beer fan, so when he said that the bar had 60 plus beers on tap, I was ready to try the place out.  

My best friend and I wandered into the bar around 8 pm on a Wednesday, and I was surprised to see many customers sitting around the bar and at tables.  We sat at the bar right in front of the stage, and the bartender greeted us promptly and took our order.  I was pleased to find some of my favorites on tap - Delirium Tremens, Lost Abbey, Chimay, etc.  For those of you who do not drink beer, they had a great liquor selection to choose from.  

I thought it would be ridiculously loud sitting at the bar once the live music got going, but I could still carry on a conversation with my friend without screaming at her.  A reggae band was on stage that night, and they were quite entertaining.  

The only thing that I really didn't enjoy was the food.  My friend and I were both quite hungry when we ordered the food, but it wasn't good enough for us to finish it even though we were starving.  We got a plate of wings and the chicken nachos.  The buffalo wings were quite salty and lacked flavor, and the honey hot wings were not hot and tasted just like honey was poured on the wings.  As for the nachos, the actual nacho chips were way to salty, the salsa didn't have any flavor, and the chicken topping was dry and cold.  

I really enjoyed the atmosphere at Copper Blues.  I would definitely visit again to have some beer and cocktails, but I know I am going to pass on the food.
GREAT atmosphere!  The place had a ton of people in it but the place is laid out so you can still move around without having to squeeze between crowds.  We came here on a pub crawl and it was by far the best bar we went to.  It was the last stop and my wife was a little hungry so she ordered some food -- she was eating it within 5 minutes.  I can't remember the last time we had service this quick after midnight at a bar.  Definitely going back again.
Our favorite place in Downtown Phoenix. Best happy hour specials, both in price and beer selection....service is outstanding (and pretty easy on the eyes, not trying to sound too chauvinistic). Great place to settle in and enjoy a few before a show next door at Stand Up Live, food selection is "sophisticated bar food" (which is right up my alley); artisan pizza selection is to die for. Smoking patio you can drink on, which has my favorite view of Downtown Phoenix at Central and Washington. Great place to see a band, as their stage is right in the middle of their wraparound bar. Great place to start or end the night.
Great food and drinks! Really enjoy their happy hour, especially because its on the weekend too! It was perfect to stop by before a Suns game!
Fabulous tap selection which always pulls me into a spot. Live music is always a great show! Nice crowd with a variety of individuals. I highly recommend grabbing some drinks before&after attending a stand up show next door.
They have a great selection of beers on tap. But notably for me, they don't have the "favorite" ones. They have New Belgium's 1554, but not Fat Tire? O'Dell Brewing 90 Schilling but not the Red Ale? Dos Equis lager but not Amber? (Well maybe 90 Schilling is everyone else's favorite and the Red Ale is just mine.. but no Fat Tire?) Lucky for me though, Kiltlifter is on tap so I am happy. 

Happy hour is $3 drafts and $4 crafts. I still haven't figured out who wants/orders a beer shot and why this is available. 

The food is just ok. Ordered the trio of dips - beer cheese, guac and salsa. I would just say it's so-so. Not amazing, not bad - but pretty expensive at $11 for what you get. I would skip it for the price. 

The Mediterranean chicken sandwich is just ok - the bread is dry and the chicken is sparse. I wouldn't order it again.

This place gets packed on the weekends. Expect long waits at the bathrooms - partially because there are that many people there, and partially because you can't tell which stalls are filled and which aren't. 

They have live music on the weekends - which is pretty darn good cover bands. It's a fun atmosphere and the only reason I would dock it down is because the service can be sparse. Also - parking downtown just generally is not awesome. I found that the best place to go is on Washington between 3rd and 4th ave and just walk.
Energetic atmosphere and lots of different beers.  The music was good too- a nice variety on Saturday night. Karioke on Friday was a blast too.
After reading all the other reviews I'm wondering if we came on an off night.  We had a groupon and went there just for food, a little later on a Sunday night.  Our waitress was nice but inattentive.  It took a long time to order.  Upwards of 40 minutes.  We ordered the pretzels, Mac and cheese, and the bbq pizza.  The pretzel sticks were so chewy there was no way they were not reheated from hours earlier, I could barely bite pieces off.  The cheese dip that came with them was the only redeeming part.  The Mac and cheese tasted like metal, as if it had been sitting in that cast iron pan all weekend before it was cooked, and they left off the chip topping that was described in the menu. Also, we got the wrong pizza.  The pizza we had was okay, don't know what it was- something with pepperoni and sausage.  I realize we didn't come during prime food hours, but still.  I'm usually the least picky restaurant person at the table, and I thought everything from service to food was pretty bad.  We will never, ever go back.
I'm all about the bartenders, the floor staff is doing better. The food could use some work.
Really one of the better tap selections in the Valley. What it lacks in higher-end Belgians or obscure specialty beers, it makes up for with Arizona taps. And, with those Arizona taps at only $3 during their generous happy hour, this makes for a must-stop bar for beer lovers. Almost every available Valley brewery seemed to be represented, as well as most of the ones in Flagstaff. Impressive.
I love the space too. Cityscape is such a cool development and it's nice to see it doing well. But, in the front bar, you've got this great view out of huge open windows. It's a wonderful spot to sit for an after work drink, and it seems as though the clocked out office workers constitute much of their early evening business.
I've had good service here, but I don't appreciate their Hooters-style skimpy clothes. It just doesn't seem necessary.
The food isn't great, but it's really cheap during happy hour. We had the mac & cheese, and I would more appropriately call it "mac & grease, with cheese."
The bathroom (men's, at least), is pretty weird. It looks like that of a very fancy restaurant. I wouldn't be surprised to see a guy in there handing out towels later in the evening.
Overall, I really liked this place and have already suggested it to others.
I would say this place is "eh".  Actually I tried to get my co-workers to leave after a few rounds but they seem to like to stay put whereas I would rather bounce around.  Biggest complaint...inconsistency.  My first waitress brought by Vodka Tonic with a nice little glass full of lemon and lime slices and the second waitress didn't.  Not a big deal, but you should get the same service from everyone.  The waitresses wear little tiny vests with not shirt underneath and their breasts popping out; so if that is your thing, you may like it hear (the men with me certainly did).  There was live music at 9:30 but it was advertised for 5:30 which is what we planned for so that was a bummer.  The pretzel appetizer was good, pizza was ok at best.  Overall, I wouldn't go back.
Copper Blues was a lot of fun. The night I was there they did not have a live band but were playing tons of good music. The place was spacious enough to move around without being up in someone's grill. The downside was that when a comedy show let out, there was a mad rush to the bar, and it took forever to get your drinks.

That being said, -- being next door to Stand Up Live is awesome. When you're done with the show, head next door to Copper Blues and have a great rest of the night recanting the jokes you've heard earlier. Often, the comedians will also come out and join you for some drinks between sets. 

I'll be back!
Super Food Salad for $12 is amazing and HUGE! Moscow Mule with Jameson is money (recommended by waitress). Great atmosphere, good bang for your buck, awesome food and drinks!
Amazing downtown chill spot. For the veggie's out there, you MUST try their veggie sandwich, really fresh vegetables that aren't overly sauteed. Also, super addicting shoe string fries with sriracha ranch. Had a really relaxing time with friends. Chanely (hope I spelled that right), you're super sweet thanks for the great service!
We came here for dinner before a comedy. About 6pm got a table got drinks at 6:20pm ordered nachos, turkey club, Italian sandwich and grilled cheese at 6:30. When Tits McGee our waitress came by and brought us our 2nd round of beers she was flirting with two drunk guys and after that she said she will check on our meal but after 45mins I were wondering if she was gone. We finally asked for a manager because it was now 7:15 and no food and no idea if it was even close to being done. We debated on leaving but the girls I was with were starving so we stayed. Manager came back offered us chips and salsa and paid for our drinks because the kitchen was backed up and he said that he wouldn't be able to get our food down here in 15 mins. I'm thinking Tits McGee forgot to put in our order. I have a groupon for this place and I can never ever seem to use it, this is the 3rd time I've tried!!! Bummer! Anyways manager offered to fix our next visit and have us his cards. I will def get in contact and see if he can fix this previous visit.
Love this place! Awesome live music! Best  beer selection in phoenix and possibly all of Arizona! Just when I thought I tried all the beers on tap they added a ton of new ones to their huge selection! Most beers are 5 or 6 bucks for great craft beers!! (Which is pretty reasonable for a great beer I think!) AND happy hour 3-6 every day of the week! No where has happy hour on the weekends anymore, except this place! I always think people don't remember me when I go to a bar but the servers and bartenders here always come up and say hi they're so friendly it makes me feel comfortable every time I walk in there!
Awesome place have a few too many beers!! Great food great live music. Restrooms are clean. Love the deco.
I came here during HH, which is everyday from 3-6pm. We walked in and sat near the bar, which had high top tables, floor to ceiling windows, and even plants growing along the windowsills. I thought bugs might be a problem but not one showed up anytime during our visit.

Our waitress handed us menus and told us all food items are on HH and certain beers are only $1! And, when I checked in on Yelp, I recieved an offer for a free beer shot! They have over 60 beers on tap so lots of classics, local brews and more! In addition, I also ordered a Moscow Mule, which did NOT come in a copper mug :(

After drinks came, we ordered food. I ordered a turkey club on cibatta with house made chips and my friend ordered the cilantro shrimp pizza. Food came out and was delicious. Service overall was fine, I really liked the restaurant and food. Even though we weren't here during the evening hours to hear music, Copper Blues is definitely somewhere I want to check out again!
I've been here a few times and I like this bar overall. There are a lot of business people who go and that makes it feel a little classier than gypsy. They have a huge beer selection and the drinks are pretty tasty. They are a bit pricey though.

They always have live music and the band plays above the main bar and it's really cool looking. I'd say this bar is less dancey and more chill at a bar stool/table etc. 

The only other real downside, other than the price is that it tends to be a real taco fest, so if you're a single lady that can be disappointing.

Everything is clean and elegant. It is a bit more upscale than most bars around there, but you will fit in wearing jeans and a t-shirt or a dress with heels. It is a little less hipster full than the usual too so I enjoy it when I'm sick of the hipster scene at lost leaf.
Yup, its amazing for music and the number of beers on tap.  Food just gets the job done and helps you not throw up from too much alcohol.

Short rib pizza wouldn't be so bad if they didn't cut it with so much caramelized onions.  Double the meat, forget the onions!
I had a great time here. They have a good selection of beer including a personal favorite"Delirium." They have good live music but no true dance floor. After a Delirium or 4 I made an impromptu dance floor in front of our table and made a fool out of myself.
This place is great and one of our typical stops on the weekend.  One great thing about them is that they have live music every weekend! They are almost always great bands.  They also have an amazing beer selection of over 60 beers on tap! The only thing that really brings it down to a four star is that it can get a bit expensive! Their beers generally range from $5-8 and only some local beers apply to happy hour. Their Happy hour is from 3-6, with great deals on their appetizers and pizzas. Their food is also delicious! Try the nachos.
I really like the beer selection and specials they offer.  The new menu looks great too.  The only problem is that they're always out of every good seasonal beer on the menu.  Went here tonight and they were out of six we tried ordering.  10% of what they claim to offer.  Service is always really slow.  Takes 20 mins to get your check or order a second beer.  Hopefully yard house or a chain piano bar won't take it over as I like having local businesses in the area.
Can I give them a negative 4? Worst staff. Worst food. Worst management. Horrible all around. I have never in my life been treated the way I was treated tonight. I am embarrassed for "Copper Blues". Wow. I will never go there again. Ever. Wow.
Excellent happy hour deals! Met a friend i haven't seen in over 20 years here. I'd never been and since he was in town to see a baseball game, i YELP'd nearby spots and this place popped up!

it's in a cool little area with lots of other chains and the comedy club in the same complex. today was even neater because there was a free jazz concert in the plaza. 

when we arrived, the place was empty (about 3:30pm). we grabbed a seat outside and were immediately served water. their happy hour deals are tremendous....nearly all their beers and their entire menu is discounted deeply for HH. my friend had never had AZ beer but he got his fill of San Tan's and 4-Peaks. 

for food, he ordered a burger and said it was pretty good. i didn't anticipate any vegetarian options but lo and behold! a veggie burger! the food came fast but i was sorely disappointed by my "burger". it was essentially a bunch of grilled greens....mostly like cabbage type. it was ok, but not filling in the least. 

the ambiance is nice for a drink spot and for the guys, ALL the servers are eye candy so be careful after you've had too much too drink...you'll tip WAY too much!!! btw....it's on a light rail stop! and....they validate parking! woo-hoo!
I can only speak about the experience of Happy Hour. I was all about cheap drinks and a new experience and that is what I got. $1 beer shots during the 3-6pm Happy Hour allowed me to try several different beers that I would never have known about. They have a pretty extensive wall of beers. The bartenders (I went 2 days in a row) were friendly and knowledgeable. They gave me beer education and guided me on what beers to try based on my likes and dislikes.
I was here for my friend's bachelorette party and they were the best! Server was awesome and the manager helped get my friend and on stage. Going to be back!!
My boyfriend and I had been wanting to check this place out for a while. I live that the stage is set up behind the bar and taps. It looks really cool. Being Sunday evening it was pretty slow, but for Cinco de Mayo they had this neat band from Tucson called Santa Panchita...I think. They were good and weren't too loud or obnoxious. They had a really talented trumpet player. Unfortunately, I don't speak Spanish so I wasn't sure what they were saying but the melodies were upbeat and fun. 

We didn't order any food this time, but the beer selection was great! I am NOT a beer fan by any means, so I love that they offer a free beer shot when you check in on Yelp. I tried the Papago Vanilla Orange Blossom beer. The 2 ounces was just enough since I was DD. My boyfriend and his friend love trying new beers, so they tried a few and really liked that there were so many Arizona brews represented. 

We will definitely be back!
We have gone for happy hour. The food is okay but what can you do it is a bar. The drinks were good. The soft pretzel are good too. They had a good selection of draft beers. The live music was good. The place is really fun to hang out because a variety of people are there.  It gets packed on Friday and Saturday night. So I would get there early if you want a place to sit.
This place is rad! Like the most epic Bar\Club that I've ever seen! great live music, 60 rotating taps, pretty sweet crowd, awesome location. The Works!
Live music. Great food.  Beautiful people.  Great atmosphere.  Awesome selection of beers.  Killer service thanks to Jenna.  A++

Downtown PHX is hit or miss...this place brings everybody in!!
No no no no. The bartenders were rude and looked miserable. Clearly they hate their jobs as much as I hated being there. Skip this place. Not worth it.
What a great place.

I had the strawberry chicken salad which was pretty decent.

My friend had the steak bites (which look great although I didn't try them) and the fries (which were really good).

They have a great beer section. I had the strawberry blond which tasted like Flintstone vitamins.

The best part was the gorgeous, awesome and friendly waitress Cassie. 

I'll go back for sure and am planning to try the steak bites.

Cheers
I visited here during Comicon this weekend. They had offered 25% off drinks for Comicon guests, and though we drank there most of the weekend wearing our badges, it was like pulling teeth to get the discount (when we managed to get it at all). 

It was also nearly impossible to get service, as it took 45 minutes for the waitress who we'd been trying to flag down when we joined an existing table finally showed up tableside, grumpy, and smirky. My $9 chips had maybe 2 teaspoons of blue cheese crumbles around the edges and 1/2 tablespoon of bacon scraps. There were about 15 chips on the plate.

My friend and I ordered well tequila sunrises which tasted like rancid everclear.

The overall impression was decidedly negative, being treated poorly, even if it's just one very rude staff member, is not something I was expecting from a bar I'd enjoyed previously.
Great selection of beer, best part of the place!
Fun atmosphere, good service, but the food was just ehh. I got the superfood salad and there was no quinoa in it, which is a pet peeve when food comes out missing components. There was a lot of couscous, which is just pasta, not super nutritious & I wanted  something nutritious. The chicken was really dry too. My husband had wings & fries & they were average. The beer selection was fine. I'd come here again but not for the food.
Awesome service!! Great happy hour too! We arrived at 5:40pm and the HH ended at 6pm. Our waitress put in a double drink order for the HH price and brought our drinks over as we finished each one. She also did the same with our food order. My mom ended up spilling some of the chipotle sauce on her white pants and our waitress took notice and ran to get some club soda. I was out of water and before I could ask for more, there she was with a fresh glass.  Love this place :)
Fell in here on a Thursday night, they had live band Karaoke.  What a blast.
Great brew selection, try the pretzels, we had great service all night!
Strawberry fields martini + late night food +amazing live band = best place down town!
Fantastic atmosphere. They have one of the best beer selections in downtown. Always have live music and an awesome staff.
OMG. This is the Palo Verde lounge but clean!! I came here tonight and the gin and tonics were only $2.50 each and it's a Friday night!! They also have bar food which is decent ( we got the french fries,served with ketchup and mayonnaise). There's also a veggie burger. I didn't try it but I will the next time I come. When I first walked up they were playing Alanis Morissette. Nothing but 90s throughout the night. I also met a nice dog named Molly which should be the mascot for the bar.The only complaint I have is that there is only one stall in the ladies room. There needs to be at least 2 people come on.. I also just want to point out that they had bubblegum vodka. BUBBLEGUM. Enough said. The service was great and there so many seating options. I moved three times because I wanted to take advantage of every seat. There's no stupid college kids in town so it was really enjoyable. There's also Modern World next door so if you meet some guy for a one night stand, you can gear up next door to make sure it's a pleasurable night. The bar is DIRECTLY across the street from the lightrail so there's no excuse for you not to go.. Go now...What are you waiting for???
Why am I on Apache, enjoying a G&T, petting a bulldog, listening to Tori Amos and watching people trying to be nonchalant while they wait for the light rail?

I am enjoying the shit outta Tempe Tavern, that is what I am doin!

From the iconic sign on the side of the building, to the beautifully designed patio with rusted steel components, an actual Palo Verde tree planted inside the stone grounds with actually enjoyable to sit at high tables, the first impression is casual but surprisingly classy.

My friends were already cozied up along with 20 other people laughing and enjoying themselves in the front patio, and the security guy was extremely nice and told me there was even a patio in the front when I entered. I ordered my delicious and strong $2.50 G&T from Casey, a fantastic bartender. When back at the table, other people were laughing on the benches around us and we got to play with Molly, the rescued 80 pound bull dog and throw her crushed ice. 

When my 3rd G&T drained and singing along to all my high school 90s songs, I decided to try the food. I went for $4 fries with side of mayo and they were amazing- hand cut, def probz not veggie but my god. We had to order another round of fries (which I did with the bartender but you could opt for table service as well). They had veggie options for only $7 bucks.  Their other drink specials included 90 Shilling in the bottle for $2 bucks. 

The single stall womens bathroom was IMMACULATE. Let me stress this next statement: IT SMELLED AMAZING. Like a clean, fresh, vanilla scent with modern fixtures and a nice expensive metal trash can (when you have a snooping trash eating dog you notice these things, ok?).

A live band was playing to a packed back room and they were actually enjoyable- but you can still enjoy the throwback on the front patio.

The security guards were really diligent about any potential issues with passer-bys and the people watching was premium. The crowd was a true mix, actually diverse with an age range, genre bending, and everyone was relaxed and enjoying themselves.

I can't believe they have coffee??? I may have to come back in the morning just to get a cup o joe with the latest Barely Legal to relax on the patio before boarding the light rail!
For many months I watched and waited as Tempe Tavern came to be.  I wanted a good local watering hole that wasn't a sports bar or one of those Mill Ave joints that turns into a dance club at 10pm.  Tempe Tavern is neither.  It's a classic local watering hole.  The beer selection is impressive for a place it's size and they offer a good menu.  They serve some of the best hot wings I've had since moving to metro Phoenix.  Service is friendly and the beer is cheap.  On top of it all this is the only place I know of around here that serves Schlitz.  When you sit at the bar make sure to try the hot 'n' spicy peanuts in the carafe's.  

The place has never been too crowded either but I've heard they do have some busy shifts.  I assume these are Friday and Saturday nights.  I typically hit up Tempe Tavern on Sunday or Monday.

My only complaint is petty: there's not jukebox.  Maybe that will come along with time.   They do pump in music from somewhere.  Mostly alternative stuff.

There's a little stage for bands to perform and I have hopes of checking out some of the local music soon.

Tempe Tavern is a fantastic place.  If you're looking for a neighborhood bar and want to get away from the college kid hell that is Mill Ave then this is the place for you.  The crowd is still mostly college age but it's not the same cast of Jersey Shore casting call rejects that haunt Mill Ave.
I got wasted, man, and I was well under my allotted budget for alcohol for the evening.  The drinks are made stiff and they're inexpensive so if you're looking to tie one on, this is really the place you should be going to.

Usually, when I'm tying one on at a bar and I find out that a band is going to start playing, that's like a death-sentence for my evening.  The band will play terrible music so loud that any attempt at conversation will be futile and we'll have to lean in and scream in each other's ears.  "WHAT?!" "I SAID I HAVE TO TAKE A SHIT!" "WHAT?!"  While we were here, a band played inside and, sitting outside, we could still hear the radio music piped out through the speakers.  It was perfect.  The band played and I still hung out and shot the shit with my buds.  I went inside for a bit and the band wasn't bad, either.  

This place, compared to other dives, is a class ACT.  There were no penises scrawled into the wall ejaculating onto a mangled vagina.  As much as I love my juvenile coital scribbles, it's kind of nice to drink without having a veiny cock penned somewhere within my field of vision.

Aaaand everyone was really nice here.  No one treated me like a dick.  I paid my tab and jumped onto the lightrail which is approximately fifty feet away.
Its awesome.  For so many reasons. Below is my attempt to adequately detail all these reasons...

There is tons of parking which doesn't totally matter to me because I can walk here and stumble home.  Its also right next to the Apache/McClintock lightrail station... and this is why Tempe Tavern is the start of my birthday lightrail pub crawl! Perfection.  

There is outside seating... in a particularly good locale for people watching.  The inside seating is really perfect too.  There is ample amounts for one thing and the entire place is just really comfortable. Makes you want to stay and hang out.  There is a stage... so apparently there must be music sometimes.  There is also a random and empty phone booth.  Rad. Not to mention the bathroom (only one stall but o well) was very clean.  

The bar itself is smack dab in the center of the place and has seating on THREE sides... it makes the bar itself feel like the most important part of the place rather than just a counter shoved against a wall... like most bars.  The bartender that night was wonderful. Really friendly and talkative (not in an annoying way at all) and suggested drinks/made up drinks for us... always something I love at bars.  

Drinks are crazy cheap.  2.50 wells I believe. This wasn't happy hour.  This is considered normal at Tempe Tavern.  They also have these really spicy hot peanuts out as bar food... pretty good.. especially with my cold cheap bottle of Stella

*I feel weird giving only four stars but I wish this place had a pool table or two*  central Tempe needs more places to play cheap pool and this place totally has the vibe for it.
I heard heard HORRIBLE things about this place. I had head drinks were watered down, over priced and you got service with an attitude and the door guys were dicks, and that everything felt dirty there. AND YET.. i still went to see for myself.
They seem to have all male bartenders all the time, who kinda know what they are doing..waitresses on the other hand seem unfriendly and lay. I was actually asked to take a tray of drinks outside to my table cause the waitress had had a long day and was tired... no joke
 Either way- things did seem a little high priced.. like i asked for 5 of the cheapest shots and that totalled 29 bucks?.... 
I do like it tho- cute boys- dark inside.. ill be back
I went here on a Saturday night for the first time and had a blast.  The bar was moderately crowded and there was a live band playing.  There was an interesting mix of people and our server was very friendly.  The building is one a kind in Tempe and the menus have the story behind it.  The interior is new inside and the outdoor seating is nice as well.  I will be back as this place is fun, clean, reasonably priced, and in a great location.
Dive bar...I think not.

Bar that people have tended to forget...I think so.

20 years ago, this was the midpoint between my residence and ASU.  Back in the day, the drinks were strong, the food was from the restaurant on the corner or across the street at Arco.

Today, I walked in hoping to find football, food and beer.  I found a bartender and 2 other patrons.  11:15 AM, games are already on...and there are several posters touting cheap beer during games.  I ordered a PBR and asked about ordering food only to be told that the cook has not yet arrived nor called in.  

11:30 AM, I have finished my first beer and asked for a second.  Still no word about a cook.  

11:45 AM, I have finished my second beer and I am ready to pick up and go when someone breezes through the front door and announces they have arrived.  Looking quizically at the bartender, he says she's the cook.  She proceeds to take her coffee behind the bar, fix it with cream and sugar and chat with the bartender for a few minutes...then she's off to the kitchen where I presume she is getting everything turned on.

12 PM...the bartender returns and asks me if I need another beer.  Another $2 PBR is set in front of me.  The cook comes out and asks what I would like to order.  I let her know I want a pound of wings, as hot as she can make them.  She asks if I want the wings grilled and I reply that I don't care how they are cooked, as long as they are physically hot and spicy when they are put in front of me.

12:15 PM...I've polished off the latest PBR and wings have not been put in front of me.  I ask for another PBR and state that if the wings are not done before I am done with the beer, I am going to head out.  

12:24 PM...I am presented with wings.  I take a taste and ask for tabasco.  The cook asks if they are not spicy enough, and I reply that if they were, why would I ask for tabasco?  She scuttles back to the kitchen.

I've been careful to pay for each round and the wings when they are presented.  I've also been careful to tip exactly 10%, as this is not the service I would want and certainly not what I remember.

You want football, wings and beer?  You can do better than this.
After reading several glowing reviews on this site, I decided to sate my curiosity and check out this hidden gem.  

It's located on the northeast corner of McClintock and Apache, wedged between a gas station and an adult book store.  There is substantial parking in the back.  As of this writing, you can't reach the rear parking lot from McClintock, so you're best bet is to head west on Apache and use the parking lot entrance.  If you're going at night, be careful entering as the driveway is somewhat narrow.

The building is quite quaint and fun to admire.  The back page of their folded, paper menu tells the brief history of the architecture.  The bar is somewhat small and seats probably about 20 people.  There are numerous tables throughout and seating outside.  If you came to watch TV at the bar, there are few TVs that have a clear line of sight.  I usually sit at the south side of the bar and the TV over the bar is obscured by the keg draft handles.

Ambiance and location aside, the real reason to come here is for the drinks and food.  The food is ultra cheap and the drinks doubly so.  As of this writing, they have $2 specials on draft Coors and 1810 (Genesee Cream Ale).  If you're so inclined, they have PBR in the can for $2.  As of yesterday, the bartender (Cory) informed me that they have a happy hour, between 5PM and 8PM -- two for one well drinks and domestic drafts.

I've tried several things on their menu.  I'm not crazy about their wings; they're just not spicy enough.  They have some deep-fried jalapenos that they call "bottlecaps".  They give you a huge portion and they are pretty spicy, so keep that beer handy.  Their nachos are OK, especially considering the price of $4.  Their chicken strips are pretty good.  They do have some amazing hot dogs with lots of toppings.  I believe the most expensive item on their menu is $8.  Most items are somewhere around $6.  Keep in mind that they don't have the hot pretzel basket, even though it is listed on their menu and web-site.

The action picks up at night and the place can get crowded.  In the afternoons, the place is a cemetery...which is perfect if you're just looking to have a few drinks and some cheap food without any fuss.

Service-wise, I have no complaints.  I've rarely had to wait for a drink and the food comes out fast.  I had chicken strips earlier this week and they were so hot that I had to wait ten minutes to eat them.

Sometimes, they can get busy at unexpected times and you might have to wait a bit longer (especially if you're at a table), but that's to be expected.

Overall, I enjoy Tempe Tavern and have recommended it to several friends.  I think it's a great value and a cool setting.
Nice little chill place! Went for an art showing, so that's pretty awesome. Happened to be 2 for 1 night, double awesome!  With tip, I got 4 beers for $8!  Tempe Tavern, our future looks bright!
pretty cool dive...good drinks,food and if the mood strikes a BJ next door at the bookstore...
Cool Tempe "dive" bar.

Good sound for a band, very cool decor.

My only complaint would be our waitress. She brought us the wrong drinks twice, from then on it was straight to the bar.
I love hole in the wall bars, and Tempe Tavern is a decent place.  Service is slow, but they have some pretty good drink specials.  There are lots of TVs if you want to watch a game.  I tried the Honey BBQ wings and ordered them grilled.  They were sticky and oh so good.  The menu is a typical bar menu.  

I left happy, but wasn't like, "OMG I can't wait to come back here".  I don't know what it was.  I'll try anything twice though so maybe if I do ever go again, I will like it more.
Surprised to discover this little gem with my buddy.  And loooong happy hour on Tuesday nights so that's great!  Love the Rogue Hazelnut Brown ale and the two for one "1810" cream ale is the bomb. Marsha was awesome and very helpful suggesting all the best drinks.  Love it
I like the place, in general. Very low-key, hole-in-the-wall-type place. When I went there was a cool art exhibit, but I gotta say...... the wait staff is horrible! The waitress acted like everything was on her time despite the fact that the bar was mostly empty. Ans who was she so busy gabbing with to bring our drinks? Why, the bartender of course. And even if we went to the bar to order, we had to wait just as long to get our next drink.
On a plus side, there's a sweet phone booth inside that's perfect for changing into your superhero outfit and round housing the bar staff.
Good little bar with Rogue - one of my favorite beers - on tap. Good bar food too. Check out the weekday specials and bring a friend because there's always a 2 for 1 special.
Beers seemed to be a little higher priced than this lizard is used too. They do a have a pretty good tap. Lots of craft beers. Bit of a rocker bar. They we're blasting foo fighters. Nothing against foo and those that fight it but this is a bit of a sign. Also got the stare down from the regulars when I walked in. It's like they've never seen a 50 million year old lizard of death before.
Great little dive bar.  Food is pretty decent for bar food. Fun place to hang out while waiting for the light rail.
I went here on Monday with a couple friends to use a deal I had bought. I thought this bar was just ok. When we entered we noticed it was really warm in the bar, like warmer than it was outside...which is pretty bad considering we live in Phoenix....We had a decent amount of money to spend, so we got a lot of food. The waitress (and bartender) was nice enough, but seemed a little upset that we were using a deal. Also, it was kind of strange because while we were there she spilled something on herself so her solution was to take her shirt off and walk around in her bra....and she kept talking about how naked she felt....it was pretty awkward. We tried: The hot chick, fried zuc, chicken fingers and fries, cheese crisp, and a grilled cheese. It was a lot of fried food. Anyway, the hot chick was recommended by the waitress, but in all of our opinions, it was straight up bad.... it had a really weird flavor that I can't explain. Also, I asked for mine with mayo on the side, but it was slathered all over it. All of the food was pretty meh, nothing special, especially considering they claim to use a lot of fresh and local ingredients. The cheese crisp was probably the best item of the night. I probably would not come back here to eat, but I might come back to drink! They had a lot of beers and their happy hour specials looked good.
Tempe Tavern is by far my favorite bar in Tempe.  The staff is phenomenal the owner hilarious and the specials blow any competition out of the water on monday/tuesday.  

You like Burgers?  They got buy one get one's on monday.  Are they all half a pound and placed delicately on a locally baked bun?  You bet your sweet ass they are. Happy Hour on Tuesday lasts from 4 p.m. till midnight.  Any other day it's 4-7.  

Let's discuss music.  There's never a cover and it's always diverse.  

If you like football.  Sunday ticket should suffice.  All you have to do is ask and you can get whatever game you fancy on one of the numerous tvs.  They have everything.

To conclude this dive is fantastic.  If you find a problem it more than likely is you.  If you feel like complaining the owner is almost always there.  The staff is top knotch the burgers superb.  I go there almost everyday.  And don't see anything wrong with that.
they just got Snow Day New Belgium on tap for the Season.  are you kidding me?
This bar has 3 faces. Each very different.
The first is that of any bar, tvs, bar games and dim lights.
The second is of a hole in the wall bar with a stage. 
The third is a nice patio facing a park. 
One of the nice things here is they do have a few craft brews on tap, however this is not enough to hide the fact that this place is in the dive bar category.
Dim, gritty dive bar that ain't half bad for getting sloshed and catching a small live act. The space feels cramped, sandwiched between a difficult parking lot and the light rail. The back patio is oh-so tiny, with patrons crammed like sardines to have a smoke or take a break from loud music. PROTIP: There's seating out front. 

This tavern has an impressive beer selection...but it's all canned! Canned!? They seem to recycle them all which is super cool. On the negative, paying $4 a pop really justifies bottles of local brews like SanTan. 

So it's a decent little venue. It has a decent beer selection. The rockabilly atmosphere will make you feel cool. So while it doesn't exceed in acoustics or value, I wouldn't mind coming back to shotgun a cold one.
Great place to stop for a cold one after a hard day at the office
My expectation for a dive bar:
1) cheap drinks
2) those drinks staying full
3)people watching.

Tempe Tavern fits the bill.  I like the patio out front.  The bathroom is neato.  I never have trouble ordering another drink from the bar.

I have simple needs.  Tempe Tavern meets them.
As I sat and made small talk with a blonde waitress, the bartender took her order. He proceeded to make what I believe was a martini, a dirty martini. I only say a dirty  martini as I nerver had one but since he was adding olive juice by holding his bare hand over the olive  and fruit tray (BARE) just nasty.
Juice pouring through his fingers like an added boost of flavor.

Then I ordered a shot, and it was double the price of one in a  downtown Chicago night club. Makers Mark. A double in one  shot glass wtf. 

Waitress was rude, and I mean nasty. So  nasty I wrote as a tip, learn to be less rude.
This place is a dive. Or in better terms a dark Dungeness shit hole with bitter servers and bands that can't even play the wedding circuit. 

I swear the stench of drunk nasty is still on me from sitting on the stools. 

If you plan on going here, slam your  in a discount cab door first. Its as much fun and three times cheaper.
By the way this was my second time here. I always go twice
I wanted to try out a new place when meeting up with friends and my choice became this oddly located place. This night they had an open mic night and anyone and everyone is welcome to take the mic - I find this pretty cool. As I wouldn't necessarily go here if I was a talent scout, I sure would if I wanted to show off my awesome banjo talent for peers and perhaps get a beer out of it. 

The prices are right. The service is right. The atmosphere is friendly (to my surprise, I expected a more institutionalized mentality where the grace only fall on the locals but I was wrong) and welcoming, both from patrons as from the staff.

There isn't much to this place - but I can't find one thing that I disliked with it. Well, the only thing (and I doubt this is a common sight) was that when I came in there was 5-6 kids under the age of 10 in there. I have no idea why they were there, nor did they stay.. but the patrons treated them with respect and they didn't bother anyone in return. As I said, if this is common I wouldn't like it, but if it's not - I couldn't care less.
I'd love it if the a/c was on. Great bar. What's up with a 100o day and no a/c. We Would've stayed and spent more & had food, but too hot. Bummer. Not cool.
The Bar is OK..the food looks better than it taste. I just want to warn anyone who goes to the T. Tavern not to make any jokes or comments about the Adult book store located just east of the establishment. 

I must have struck a nerve or something. I made, what I considered an innocent comment/joke about the bar being right next door to a Porn shop. The snotty, little, freak bartender went berserk !  She really got her panties in a bunch and probably disfigured the ugly-ass tattoo on her butt. She immediately had me escorted out. 

If you go there..Just watch what you say..I know at least one bartender there that has absolutely no sense of humor.. what-so-ever.
Stopped in after Black Sabbath concert. great selection of canned beers the beers were cold and served by a very efficient crew of bartenders. The live music on the night we were there was not usual for the place , I know this because at least 5 of the regulars told me so as I was obviously trying to figure out way there was Old rap music playing that seemed out of place for a bar in Tempe.
Cheese fries!!! Get these for sure. The rest of the food is pretty good too. Friendly service, fun environment. It reminds me of my favorite dive bars from Minneapolis.
Great little dive bar! It has really good bar food. We tried the wings and fries and they were both good. It's a little too loud for my taste but I should have said something. Our waitress was so nice and drop dead gorgeous!
Tempe Tavern is definitely a dive bar, but it also serves way better food than you'd expect from a spot that also serves Mike's Hard Lemonade on tap and looks more like a rock club than a restaurant.

My favorite thing to order there is the grilled cheese sandwich, a really simple sandwich (I get pepperjack cheese instead of American), with a side salad with ranch. The portion is large (the same is true for the fries if you order those), and the food is good - greasy, but good.

I'm a fan of Mike's Hard Lemonade, so I'm thrilled it's on tap here. There are also TVs throughout the bar that make it a great place to watch a game, while live music fans can enjoy concerts every night of the week after 9 p.m.

Tempe Tavern is located right across the street from a light rail stop (and next door to a sex shop.) The cheap prices and laid-back atmosphere make it a good spot for watching a game, or before heading to one on the light rail.
Excellent dive bar. Wide selection of beer - tap and otherwise - and good food, inexpensive.

The bar is open early so an early lunch is possible. It has a friendly staff (especially the female day bartender and the male evening bartender), who actively engage all patrons not just the regulars (even though we've become regulars since discovering the place).

Cleanliness and an open floor plan make this a very inviting place. While I'm not an active fan of sports (unless it's baseball or hockey season), they do promote sports and have many TVs, all tuned to different games, so everyone is covered. Some nights there is live music - sometimes well-organized and other times more-or-less like an open-mic event - in a wide variety of styles.

The smoking areas in the front and back offers comfortable seating, although it is a bit cramped on Friday and Saturday with people trying to smoke and talk.

During non-football season, the bar offers drink specials like two-for-one etc that are pretty spectacular for an evening out. They also offer raffles,with decent packages, not just the usual bar swag items seen in many places, on some days if food is purchased.

This is a bar I frequent and highly recommend - casual, comfortable, and lively.
My nice neighbor hood dive bar. Can always find T there and get lucky! Always great beer on tap and a,good supply of Jameson.
Great milk stout!  Awesome food.  Perfect dive bar environment.  I tried their burger, fried zucchini, and some fries and all were surprisingly good.  Those not in the know may mistake this place for a seedy dive bar, and there are definite elements of that here.  But don't judge a book by its cover.  The Beer is cold, the food is good, and they are also known for their local music scene.
Never want to go back, no matter who's playing. 

First of all the stage is shitty and the room is so small my ears are ringing for what I can tell is gonna last for days.  

Food was poor and overpriced. 

Our waitress was nice but I spent $10 on a double whiskey something and didn't even feel a buzz.  That's saying a lot for the huge lightweight I am, and my drink was at least 24 ounces. 

Lastly there's barely any parking, and we got towed for parking in an adjacent parking spot where the towing sign was almost on the ground so we didn't see it when we first parked there.
this is the perfect dive bar. it's right off the light rail so if you've had too much you don't have to worry about driving. 

the service can be slow, but whenever i go it's with a bunch of friends so we're in no hurry anyway. the food is OK. it can be greasy. but honestly, i don't go there because of the food. it's a great location to hang with friends and have a great time. you never know what's going to happen while you're there. Something out of the ordinary always seems to happen. And it's next to an adult bookstore. what could be better? ;) 

as for parking, park across Apache in the parking structure underneath the apartments. make sure you park in the metro/light rail spaces. it's free.
My new neighborhood bar.  Good beer, food (especially the Burgers), great service & live music.
Yummy!!!! This dive bar is pretty cool! Very low key, good place to go to grab a bite or a beer. I enjoyed their Juan Pablo burger and onion rings. I couldn't believe how delicious the burger was, coming from this dive bar! I didn't expect much and was blown away! It was a 1/2 lb burger with pepper jack cheese, pablano pepper and chipotle mayo. The combination of all that together was awesomeness in my mouth! The onion rings, were not as crispy as I usually like them, but my friend downed them in about 5 seconds, so I think they were pretty tasty to him.

Cheap drinks, good food, laid back atmosphere...... fun place to go to!
Good divey vibe. Good band playing. Shut their kitchen down an hour early, which sucks if you're like me - drunk and in need if food.
Best chicken strips and BBQ sauce around! I was quite impressed! Always the best drink prices around. I love grabbing a $5 Bloody Mary in the evening or on Sundays. And they are dog friendly which is a huge plus in my book! Tempe Tavern is a great neighborhood spot to frequent throughout the week and on the weekends.
Great dive with cheap drinks and next to the light rail.
I was here for literally 3 minutes. Loud, jiving spot right next to the light rail. When we arrived they had a local band playing. There were also a lot of college-aged kids there, which is due to the fact that it's surrounded by apartments meant for university students. Definitely a dive bar, but seemed to have lots of character.
Extremely disappointed. Started off with a wonderful experience with our bartender 'cherie'... Whom introduced us to the honey hot wings, $3 bloody Mary's, $2beermosas and $5 margaritas. Our new waitress Frannie, who was more focused on bar backing than serving, came on the clock and decided to switch up the pour and pricing to $6 bloody Marys. My original bartender was still there and actually backed us and called out the new bartender on shift out and she insisted on fighting us about the pour and pour count. Sorry honey but I've grew up in this industry and I'm not ignorant. Frannie came over with the bottle and just poured alcohol on top of the drink to shut us up/make us happy but it was the principle. I'd been there for 5hrs just watching soccer and making conversation with our bartender and leisurely drinking on the $3 special blood Mary's they do on Saturdays. Sadly I will not be back. I have my thirtieth birthday next week and was planning on bringing a large crowd and making a huge function out of it after Cherie told me to contact the owner but I've got a sour taste in my mouth. Way to flip my my pov in a matter of minutes Frannie. I've never been so insulted by a bartender. Your co worker called you out and you insisted on fighting me and throwing my money back at me bc you didn't want to apologize or claim you were at fault. Smh. Shame on you.
Great sound, nicely laid out space, good service, solid beers on tap... This place is a game-changer. The lounge area on the street is awesome, and opens today (and everyday) from four PM till 2 AM. The concert space is great, as well. A knee-high stage has plenty of room for large acts, while in the back of the room, tired/lame attendees can relax in the bleachers. The bathrooms, while boring,  were spotless. We'll see how long that lasts, haha. 

I can't WAIT to update this review with more experiences. (ESPECIALLY FOOD!!! Next week!!!!!)
Finally downtown has a great music venue and Crescent Ballroom could not have done a better job. From the staff to the lighting on the stage, this place is perfect! I am extremely excited about CB and the upcoming schedule with tons of great bands in store for us.
Me: How long have you guys been open?
Bartender: About... four hours.

Do you know how cool it is to go to a music venue on opening night? Very, very, cool. Why? Because everything is new. EVERYONE is new: guests, bartenders, bouncers and all. And the regulars? They don't exist yet.

Last night, I had the distinct pleasure of attending the Blind Pilot concert for Crescent Ballroom's opening night. The opener, Dan Mangan, can forever take pride in being the first band to play on their stage. Lucky dudes.

The venue itself has a neat layout. They have an outdoor patio with huge operable windows that open up into a hang out bar with comfy booths and tables. Just past this room, they have the main performance space, which has three levels of viewing:
1- for up close and personal: on-floor standing directly in front of the stage or seating off to the left
2- for non-dancers or folks who are tired of standing: bleacher seating at the back wall
3- for luxury drinking: on-floor tables or at-the-bar seating inside the performance space

The bartenders are kick ass and thoughtful. Kick ass because they provide quick and friendly service. Thoughtful because they provided me with a super tasty drink on the fly. It went like this...

Me: "What's your most citrusy drink?"
Bartender: "Hm, I could do a citrusy rum or vodka."
Me: "You decide."
Bartender: "How about a fresh squeezed mango lemon drop, on the rocks?"

Talk about citrus perfection. Furthermore, their complimentary fresh chips and salsa were mmm x 3 for the three salsas they were offering. Let's call them clear green, thick red, and colorful black. Clear green was just-right spicy, thick red was whoa-make-your-face-red spicy, and colorful black was intensely flavorful and addictive.

Enough about the food though, we went for the show. The surreal-in-a-good-way lighting may or may not make you feel like you are traveling through time, just saying. The sound is pretty good. I like that the speakers hang from the ceiling. And when you're bladder needs a little break, check out the spotless bathrooms (or hopefully still spotless, since it was opening night and all).

To end the night, Blind Pilot performed their final song, "3 Rounds and a Sound," on the floor, unplugged, because "it's just that kind of venue." Such an intimate and cozy place. Do visit, especially since they have some good bands coming through soon. In fact, I will already be back next week to see the Blitzen Trapper and Dawes concert.

*One last thing: a bit of honor here for being the first to %!#@ in the bathroom.
Frankly, I think it's going to be hard to see anyone anywhere else after you see when it's done right. I was able to go to the soft opening of this place, and glad for the experience.

What I liked:

Great sight-lines from anywhere. The stage is a perfect size, height and shape. The room wraps around it. Good sound and lights. There were 10 people playing on stage and no difficulty fitting them on there! The bleacher concept is fab, and I like that some shows will have tables and chairs.

The bartenders, especially KC, were friendly and accommodating. I notice they don't have the pour limiters you see in a lot of bars these days. Kudos.

Front lounge is going to be a fantastic place to hang out even when there isn't a concert, and they're lining up some solid DJs. And food will come from Chris Bianco and Doug Robson? Yikes that's amazing. 

I'm so looking forward to my first concert here. Woo-hoo for the Crescent Ballroom!
This is the new mecca of Phoenix music. 

Charlie Levy who booked for the now legendary Nita's Hideaway and also the owner of Stateside Presents is the man behind it all! He is a music fan first and ... well ... that's just what he is ... a music fan not a natural businessman. 

The place is just beautiful (for now, soon to be broken with the wear and tear of rock and roll no doubt). The room is small ... stage big (for the size) ... no doubt this is going to be the best place in the city to see any band for a long time to come!

Thank you Charlie!

Music fans unite! This place MUST thrive!

btw ... they have live music every single night of the week ... and they open at 4pm every day (the lounge will have musicians and DJs for your entertainment).
All I can say is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that Phoenix finally has something to be proud of in it's downtown. I don't have to yearn for Portland, OR to experience great music, food and drink at a local venue, one that has great character, and a great location. The list if upcoming shows and bands is impressive. Major props to Charlie Levy for opening this great venue!
I haven't had a chance to see a show here, but I can't wait to.  Talking with the employees, it will be a sight to be seen.  That said, there are many shows upcoming that have my interest, and I look forward to it.

I stayed for a few drinks.  They were all palatable and correct.  The decor is great - I really appreciate the handmade stuff.  The selection is pretty decent, though beers I'd say is average at best.  Being a beer person, I'm glad there's one decent pale+ here, but nothing more than that (that it's on tap helps a bit).  Somewhere around 20 beers total, four on tap, but the craft selection is a little lacking.  This happens to be a place I can order something with St. Germain though, and to me, stands out a bit.  Prices weren't crazy over the top, nor spectacular.  I imagine after food is regularly served here, the need for a happy hour will deplete (thus, I am not mentioning the very slow attendance and need for happy hour pricing).

The idea of a great drink, food and music venue is so long overthought, that I think Phoenix has pretty much forgotten about it.  Finally, after so many years of wishing, someone has guts to go ahead and do it.  I got some sampling of the soon-to-be fare, and I obviously have no qualms.  The genius behind the upcoming food here is nothing to scoff at.  The music lineup seems quite eclectic, but overall tasteful and good; I can't wait to see a show here and experience it at its fullest.  From DJs to indies.  My one qualm (as with many, many other places) is the TV, and apparent need for sports playing.  I have a major aversion to sports in a bar setting.  It removes the awkwardness of silence, therefor fueling anti-socialism (where if there was no TV, the awkwardness would be filled with conversation).

Overall: this place seems like it will become what we have been asking for over the last many years.  Already I can tell it has an aura of greatness.  Let's hope they keep it up, and retain their premier.
What fantastic people! Met the general manager and she couldn't be more genuine. Not to mention helpful. I had a question about the place she couldn't answer, and she took my number and said she would find out and let me know. Gosh.
Great space, great sound, great owner. Best place in Phoenix to see a band.
...  so you have been frustrated with the lack of any good venues in Phoenix since Nitas closed...  a gazillion years ago.

Enter The Crescent Ballroom.  This place is unbelievable.  I clocked in 3 shows the opening week and was VERY impressed.

When you enter the venue you are first in the front lounge area.  Two front patios pair the door and are ample size for open air drifters and proud smokers.  Inside the lounge, there is an airy feel due to the huge un obtrusive  door that open to the patios.  It is appointed with a nice piano for piano happy hour and DJs are occasionally assigned to play the hippest tunes.  

From here you can enter the main room of the venue where the main acts play.  The stage is to the right and huge.  There is bleacher seating (like nice rich wood bleachers) along the left hand wall.  Straight ahead you will find another large bar...  don't worry about not getting a drink quick here.  

The sound is amazing.  It is loud, but not hurt your ears loud.  Most likely due to the master crafting Sound man who is the resident there.  They spared no expense in equipping this place, because first and foremost, it is a music venue.  They take that business very seriously.

The show I saw were perfectly balance and a pleasure to watch.  

My favorite part about this place...  you don't get pushed out the door when the show is over.  It almost feels weird to not get herded out.   The front lounge offers up the best post show spot where show goers can chat about life, music and bikes...  I have never seen such an impressive mass of hip bikes in my life.

Do yourself a favor, pick a show - any show and make a night of it at the Crescent.  It is awesome.
I can't say I am an expert critic at music venues by any means, but what I can say is that I love a great atmosphere and this place has just that! I went here with my sister for the Blitzen Trapper show last night. I hadn't been before but I had read some good reviews below and this place hit the marks. 

The place has an outdoor patio and indoor seating that make for a perfect hangout spot pre-show. They can open up the walls when the weather is nice so everything is so open and airy. I heard the food was decent, but we had dinner elsewhere so I wouldn't really know - except I was tempted at 12:00am after the show to order up one of their churros. The drinks were really good. I had the rest stop which was delicious. 

You can hear the music at a nice level from the outside area, but not enough to prevent conversations with friends and fellow drinkers. The venue isn't too huge so you feel like you are experiencing a pretty rockin show with everyone around you. The sound quality to me seemed great minus a few occasions where I thought the ringing of my ears wouldn't stop, but I blame the band Dawes for simply rockin the house down before the main act go on stage. 

There is seating in the back and on the sides so you if you don't want to stand don't worry there is plenty of room to sit. There is a bar in the back to order drinks and on the other side the band usually sets up show with their merch. There are also plenty of bathrooms in the back so don't fret if there is a long line at the front where there is only one stall. 

Can't wait to go back here again. FYI - if you take the light rail after 11:30pm make sure you are parked at the right spot because they don't run on the full track. We made that mistake and had to cab it the rest of the way while some poor souls had to walk.
A great new venue! We really needed a new music venue here, and Crescent Ballroom really delivers. Great sound quality- I saw Washed Out last night and it couldn't have sounded better.
Went with my daughter to the St. Vincent/Cate Le Bon show at this venue last night.  The place rocks!  The stage is large, but very accessible to the crowd.  The lighting and sound are fantastic!  It is well-staffed, and even at a sold-out show, I never had to wait long for service.  It's a beautiful example of adaptive re-use, and most decidedly exactly what downtown needs to see more!  They clearly know their audience, too.  There were two large bike racks, which we were happy to see, since we biked the short distance to the venue from home.  The lounge is also cool; I will review the kitchen separately.  It was so gratifying to see so many people walking/biking/light-railing home after the show.  If you are a fan of live music, you will most definitely want to check out The Crescent Ballroom.  Well done!
I can't believe what a great venue the Crescent Ballroom is. It's as if the owners/designers thought, "What do people want before, during, and after a concert?" (Then they correctly answered, "Booze, burritos, and more booze. We'll throw plenty of clean bathrooms in there for good measure.")

The other night I got the chance to see St. Vincent at CB. The concert space is a great size - it fits plenty of people (even with places to sit!) - but you still get to be at one of those intimate shows where you can SEE the band. And if I'm going to a St. Vincent concert, I want to SEE the beautiful Annie Clark as she's playing. Not just a humanoid shape on a stage so far away that I can only assume that it's the band that I hear playing. 

If your favorite band is playing at Crescent Ballroom, do not miss the opportunity to see them at this venue. It is a great addition to downtown Phoenix with a bonus of being located only a block away from the lightrail stations. Get there early for some food and drinks too.
First of all, I want to establish that I love the fact that this venue now exists and I think it's got great ideas overall. The lineup has been phenomenal and non-stop so far and the location is great. I plan on seeing Phantogram as my third show there so far. 
I must also establish, though, that being under 21 at this venue absolutely sucks. First, you're sent to a back entrance after you get your ticket validated at the front entrance where you see people eating great food and having a great time outside. Upon entering through the back, you have three choices: go straight into the Kiddie Corral that makes up 1/4 of the whole crowd area, hang out in the dark bathroom, or check out the merch table. When I saw St. Vincent at Crescent Ballroom, I literally stood in the same spot for 30 minutes just so I could get a decent view of Annie. I couldn't move because it was so crowded and if I did move, the only view I would be able to get would've been the back of the drummer's head. Also, where I was standing, the sound was really distorted since the speakers were right above and in front of us. Everyone was wincing and plugging one of their ears to bear it; It was way too loud at least in that instance. I saw Unknown Mortal Orchestra there a few weeks prior, though, and that sounded pretty great...but the crowd was a lot smaller and thus I wasn't stuck directly in the speaker's line of fire. 
I asked the two security guards at the back entrance 1. What do I do if I want something to drink other than water? and 2. What do I do if I want to get something to eat? To both questions, they answered, "Just flag one of us security guards down, we'll take care of you." What, so I'm going to tell you I want something, you're going to leave your post to get me a menu, wait for me to choose, give my order to the kitchen, and then bring my food to me so I can eat it standing up in the corner of the Kiddie Corral? I don't think that's very logical, personally. 
I just don't understand the logic of the whole map of the place. If you're 21, I would imagine it's a fantastic experience, but I wouldn't know since I'm 18 and not allowed to see more than the upper left corner of the building. Oh, and there's no re-entry even though you're stamped and usually braceleted! It's almost unbearable when the whole place is unceasingly loud and dark and stuffed with people and there is only a corner of available space to merely move in. I pay a good amount to get in to this nice local venue, I would expect to simply be able to get back in if I want to get a breath of fresh air.
Love it! Great atmosphere and drink selection. Also, the menu looked amazing but we did not eat. What surprised me the most was how cheap the drinks were!!! Very reasonable. Also, the building is really cool and the atmosphere is really cool... it does not feel like the rest of Downtown Phoenix.
Not a single complaint about this place! 

We decided to bar hop a bit before heading to see Mason Jennings last night, and when we arrived at the Crescent Ballroom we were actually kinda pissed we didn't just hang out there before the show.  Here's what I liked about the place:

~friendly staff
~nice outdoor patio
~reasonably priced drinks
~an audio feed into the restaurant/bar area... this was especially nice because we didn't have to miss anything to get drinks or go to the bathroom.
~plenty of seating and standing room to watch the show
~a second smaller stage outside the main stage (had a guy playing as the Mason Jennings show let out).

We didn't try any of the food but we're gonna try to get back here for another show as soon as we can!
Went here last night for the Mason Jennings concert, it was amazing!  The room was a good size, so we were right up close and personal!  Very friendly staff!
I didn't have any food, but there are places to sit and have a good time before the concert.

Only complaint:  I did not get an open tab, but I did get Coors all night, and each bar tender I went to charged me something different.  Kind of strange.

Other than that everything was great!
This place is going to put PHX on the map. Wide variety of music every night! Hot bar tenders including a tall curly haired Red Head! Damn she makes a killer Margarita Fresca!!!! If this place had a happy hour I'd be there every day with my moderate drinking problem!  Haha
Music venue: I believe this is the best one in town. Perfect combination of intimate standing and seating areas, and the sound is awesome. Every show I've seen here has sounded fantastic. A.

Parking: easy enough. Plenty of metered street parking that becomes free at 8. Pay lot across the street for $5. Also very close to the light rail stop. B+.

Food: Decent. Priced right. Had the barbacoa burrito and it was pretty tasty--better than Chipotle's, anyway. Good chips/salsa too. Wouldn't go out of our way to eat here, but if you're there and you're hungry, eat up. B.

Bathrooms: There is a one-seater in the lounge (sucks for the people just hanging out in the lounge--the line can get long) and a large, extremely clean one in the music venue area. Never had to wait in line or hold my breath. A.

Drinks: We were there the night they were sort of creating the Honey Badger and were lucky enough to be given a free sample. Hooked. They do cocktails right there. A.

Beer selection: Meh. Probably the only thing I'm going to find to complain about is the beer selection. Two bars--one in the lounge and one in the venue--and they have slightly different beers on tap. So you can get a Hoegarten in the venue but not in the lounge. They have a Sierra Nevada on tap along with a couple of Four Peaks beers and Stella (I think) and that's it for the taps. A few more crappy domestic canned selections rounds it out. I think they could do a lot better here.  You're using local chefs that use local ingredients to create menus here--why not take advantage of the local beer scene? Four Peaks is overused and overrated as far as I'm concerned, but people like it (I get it). How about some Sonoran? Prescott brewing? Nimbus?  C.

End of the day--I'm thrilled this place exists. I hope it puts the Clubhouse under.
Finally! Phoenix has a venue to attract indie bands that I want to see without the gritty, dirty feeling you get at the Marquee Theater.  I was there opening night and two more times within the short period of time it has been open.  Great little patio/bar in the front with an intimate music venue in the back.  
I was pumped that Chris Bianco was part of the menu, but honestly can't say it's anything special....so go for music but go somewhere else to eat
Only been here once, but I absolutely love this place. It almost feels like a wine bar when you walk in- appropriately sparse lighting, hip decor, and an openness that beckons you to relax and enjoy. The staff doesn't feel like the airport TSA, which is a welcome change from comparable Phoenix venues. 

Having access to real food at a show is a MAJOR plus. It's damn tasty, too.  Drinks are good, not great, but reasonably priced. 

The best part: probably the best sound system of any venue I've ever been to- I could hear each instrument from each band member with crystal clarity, nearly perfect balance, and tonal accuracy. The stage is clean, large, and looks like a TV showcase.

Love.
Great place. My buddy beef vegan from Kwss 106.7 FM hosted a cd release party for Mergence, an the kongos. 
My first time there. Place has a great vibe, very good prices on drinks. It was a little hot in there but I guess that's to be expected with so many people watching a
Show. 

All in all, I'd totally go back.
Finally, a decent room for a mid-sized club acts.  My new favorite venue.  Sound is terrific, and there's a section for under-21's if I want to take my daughter.  Nice variety of craft beers on tap or bottled.  Bleachers (hmm, interesting...) or tables if you want to sit, plenty of room in front of the stage if you want to stand. Love, love, love.
I love that this venue is right downtown just two blocks from where I work. They've had some great live music in the short time that they've been open. Even if you don't want to pay the cover to see the show you can still hear the tunes while sitting at the bar having a beer or righteous cocktail or two.

I like the atmosphere of the place but was a little disappointed that the cocktail I paid for was at first delayed and finally not available after about ten minutes of waiting (due to lack of ingredients). I'll give the benefit of the doubt and say that they are still getting up and running but that was still a bit of a shocker.

Haven't tried the food here yet but I'm eager to come back and take in some more live tunes and have a few cocktails.
I am so grateful this place has opened! I went to see Phantogram here a couple of weeks ago and had such a great time. As someone who often ventures to shows on her own, i felt safe here (walking in, and walking out), everyone i talked to was friendly, I even ran into some old friends and I always received prompt service both in the lounge and stage area. I loved the use of the "bleachers" to add seating you can see from. & the sound! Such a great sound system. I cannot wait to see more shows here!
Fun venue, saw phantogram here and really enjoyed it, spacious and sound proof, great new spot.
This is the venue downtown phoenix has been waiting for! Go for a show, or just to chill in the lounge and down a cocktail or two! The food is also spot on, and the service is as good as it gets! The owners went all out on the sound system and the acoustics in the main room and in the lounge... this place was built for MUSIC! 

PS. Try the Honey Badger!
Let me preface this review on my background. I own a audio and lighting company in the valley. We do concerts and other events at venues around town and for corporate gigs. 

Phoenix has needed a venue to the size and scope for WAY to long. I went and say Iron and Wine on december 2nd. The venue is what to be expected for a small room. The audio is great, the lighting is basic but meets the needs of a venue like this.

I like how they added the raised places to sit in the back, gives people somewhere to sit if they can get to the show early enough. 

The bar staff was friendly, spoke with the Audio Engineer, great guy and all and all a great experience. 

I will be frequenting Crescent a lot more. And Sean Watson is an amazing DJ. So there!
What a great addition to downtown Phoenix!! Now, I have yet to see a show here but if it is anything like their bar then it is sure to be fantastic.  

Exposed brick, an old piano, large windows, metal tables and dim lighting provide for an enjoyable bar experience.  There are large doors that separate the venue side from the bar area.

Their strawberry cocktail (Rest Stop)  is one of my favorites drinks ever - its the right amount of flavor and alcohol without the over abundance of sugar, like most strawberry cocktails have. 

The Mexican food here can hold its own and is way more than just "bar food!"
I love this place! Just what downtown Phx needed. Great food and a great music venue.
I have a confession to make. 

I am... A hipster. It's happened. And ya know what? I'm okay with it. 

We came here last night in search of PBRs and live music. We got that. And so much more. As we're standing there sipping our Champagne of Beers and someone says:

"Damn, that's a really good Jimmy Eat World cover band playing."

And then someone else says:

"Wait a second! That IS Jimmy Eat World!"

So awesome. So 2001.

The atmosphere of this place is great. You have a big outdoor area with space heaters for the cancer lovers, a nice sized front area for the boozers with high top tables and low tables, also plenty of room to stand and chill. The music venue is spacious and well amped. 

Apparently the food is great, I would definitely give it a try next time.

One star off for the minimal bathrooms. There was always a huge line.
Loved this venue! Definitely a great little intimate place to hear live music and up and coming bands. The staff are all really friendly and the room has good acoustics for the type and scale of performers brought to stage. The only thing that felt a little weird were the bleachers in the back... It did feel a little high school gymnasium, BUT it also created seating for a lot more people. So functionally, the bleachers were great; aesthetically, not so much.

The drinks were also reasonably priced.  Didn't try the food, but the churros that came by smelled great!

I'll def look for another event here.
$7 Tempranillo, simple munchies $2-$9, great sound, seating, and that's in the lounge. The ballroom wasn't open tonight, but the lounge was great. Non-pretentious,   ultra cool in a not-trying kind of way. Easy to find. Didn't need the bathrooms so can't report on that. Great wine selection and prices for a club. Outdoor patio for smokers. Wait service for the tables, only one person but it worked. Nice place, good sound.
Phoenix has a dearth of good music venues.  When Crescent Ballroom opened up, I heard great things.  I finally had the opportunity to see a show there.

My first impression was great.  There is seating in the back if you need to rest, the place is intimate, the acoustics seemed good... In fact, it was great until people started showing up.

The problem with Crescent is the scene.  If you want to hang out and chat (loudly) with a bunch of hipsters, it's probably the place for you.  If, however, you are there to actually listen to a live band, good luck hearing the slow songs over all the chatter.

The parking situation is also pretty annoying.  You really do need exact change, and there's no other obvious place to park nearby with an actual parking attendant.

In all fairness, it's really a decent little venue.  The live music is just unfortunately secondary to the social scene.
After 2 shows now, both on holidays, i have to say i dig this place.  The service is decent, there is rarely a wait for the bathrooms, and there are not one but 2 smoking patios.  I have been waiting for a great music venue downtown and now I have one.  

PLEASE DON'T FUCK IT UP!
Definitley love this place. Its different but fun and great music. They bring in great musical artist like Iron and Wine, DJ Trasit etc. All different types of people are in here but the majority is hipster...to the max ha! fun place and i would def go again
I'm going to have to go back to add to this one, but I want to spend every weekend here!  I just wish I'd brought boots that were made for walking (or dancing).

I stopped in on New Year's Ever for last call expecting a nightmare of a crowd, and after the hilarious bouncer allowed us inside, I heard the most amazing drum and bass coming from the back room.  I was immediately transported back to the late 90's when I enjoyed many a night in an abandoned Phoenix warehouse listening to local DJs spinning House, DnB and whatever other variety was happening at the time.  The crowd was mixed and accommodating and the bartenders knowledgeable.  

Can't wait to go back with my dancing shoes!

PS - did I mention the DJ was actually spinning vinyl?  THANK YOU!
I have mixed feelings about Crescent Ballroom. I have been here maybe 10 times, only 2 of those times to see a show. The times that I have seen a show, I couldn't have been more pleased. The ticket prices are reasonable, there is plenty of room to stand or even sit and see the show, the sound is top-notch, and as an added bonus there is a large bar in the stage area. When it is not extremely crowded (more on that later), the lounge area is an excellent choice to have a few drinks, smoke on their patio, and I have heard the food is pretty good, too. I have no complaints about it when it is a slower weekday night. 
Crescent has been extremely successful and I am very happy to see it do so well. However, on nights of popular shows, or on Saturday nights when they do Kismet, the place is packed. Like WAY too packed. Takes ages to get a drink, and once you do have it, you have to drink it while being pushed and shoved by everyone around you. My biggest complaint though, is the bathroom situation. In the lounge area, there is one toilet. For everyone. This leads to a very long line of people that have been drinking and really need to pee. Also, you're talking about drunk people here, so people have no respect and are constantly cutting in the line or using the private locking bathroom for "recreational" activities. The last time that I was there, it was a Saturday night and I was standing in line for the bathroom. I had been waiting for awhile, when 4 or 5 people rushed into the bathroom. They were in there for-EVER and when they finally opened the door, an enormous amount of pot smoke was rolling out into the main area. Ummmm...believe it or not, it's not funny to hotbox a public bathroom and some people don't actually want a contact high, jackasses.  It was absolutely disgusting having to use that bathroom afterwards. Not to mention, the bathroom there is almost always very dirty, toilet paper everywhere, and everything is always wet. It's gross. I know that Crescent can't control what its customers do, but I hope that they are making plans to add another bathroom or porta-potties or have a way for everyone to use the restrooms in the stage area, or SOMETHING because it really is my only complaint about Crescent Ballroom.
I'm going to take a break from my Yelping hiatus to talk about a relatively new venue that has become near and dear to my heart.  The Crescent Ballroom has become the single greatest concert venue in Phoenix.  Charlie Levy has become my indie god, as he's brought more concerts that I've been stoked about than I could ever imagine in such a short period of time.  The acoustics are perfect, the tickets are nothin', and you can get yo drink on with anything ranging from PBR to handmade gourmet concoctions.  Thank you Crescent!!
Great venue for live concerts!  I haven't eaten here, but I've seen a few shows.  The space is great--room to move, to sit, to people watch.  I know that people have mixed feelings about the bleachers at the back of the space, but I liked them.  They aren't intrusive, and they give you a place to sit down when you need it.  It wasn't particularly crowded for either show I saw, but the place isn't big, so that could be an issue.  A great addition to downtown.
The Crescent Ballroom is one of my newest favorite haunts Downtown. It's open late every night, they have a great beer selection, fantastic bands and the food is made by the owner at Gallo Blanco. 

You can't beat the ambiance either! Exposed brick and wood covered walls makes it feel antique and vintage while still looking fresh and new. There's always a space cleared for dancing when the DJ is working and people are always willing to jump in and have some fun.

They also carry a couple of cider beers, which is great for the gluten-free beer drinkers. One caution, stay away from their famous honeybadger - because he definitely don't give a sh*t!
My first time here I was like, "hey this place is the bomb" and all happy about my experience.  The 2nd time I went, it did not go as well.  It made me a little embarrassed I had talked the place up!  The front door staff seemed confused on how to charge our credit card.  A manager told my friends smoking on the patio before 9:30 was not allowed.  We left the patio and I watch 5 people smoke there and the guy said nothing to them.  When we came back to the patio, my husband reached over the side to grab his drink when we were obviously on our way BACK onto the patio and the same guy who was picking and choosing who got to smoke yelled at my husband for drinking off the patio.  It hadn't even been taken off the patio or drunk yet!  I'm not trashy, I'm not an idiot, and I don't like being nit picked every 2 seconds when I'm out.  If I have to follow the rules, everyone else should too.  Maybe I didn't wear enough hipster chic that night?

Beer selection is ok.  Food was ok.  Indoor venue gets 4 stars.  Parking is sometimes tricky.  All in all I'll probably be back.  I'll just expect less.
This is as good as it gets in Phoenix.  There are no 4/5 star spots in this town.
Love love love this little bar. I have now been here twice and I like it more and more every time I come. The have a small but focused food menu and tons of great drinks.  The first time I went, I ate a green chile cheeseburger that came with chips and salsa. The burger was a bit oversalted, but other than that it was very good. I also had a drink called the Pitstop which was vodka with lemon soda and strawberries, kinda like a strawbery mojito. Overall it's a great spot to enjoy an awesome patio, some drinks and (although I've yet to experience it) live music. Excited to see some music here next time I visit!
Terrific place to see a live show... the venue is smallish and easy to see the stage from everywhere. They even have some raised seating against the wall for people that can't see over the crowd or don't want to stand. Nice to see Phoenix area getting a venue that seems more SF or Seattle and is booking solid bands.
Crescent Ballroom is exactly what Downtown Phoenix needed: 1) A great music venue that attracts an eclectic mix of local, regional and national acts; 2) An Indoor/outdoor lounge, perfect for happy hours, dates, or weekend revelry; and 3) Tasty and affordable food and spirits.
I bring people who don't ordinarily hang out Downtown to Crescent and they're blown away by the "cool factor." Charlie Levy did an amazing job creating the space and assembled a world-class staff. 
If you're a first-timer make sure you try the Honey Badger (honey bourbon, ginger beer, lime, bitters), already the bar's star, and order a massive plate of nachos from the Cocina 10 kitchen. Crescent also has a nice selection of beers on tap that they rotate, including O'Dell IPA.
What to eat.... Anything! It's all delicious. Before a show, get a burrito. I have had all of them. You can't go wrong. After a show, get nachos! They are killer. In fact, I'm going to get them after Twin Sister this week. I recommend getting to a show early to get a bite to eat and to get a good spot inside. It seems that most people arrive later to shows.

What to drink... Honey Badger! So delicious and does the trick. Honey bourbon and ginger beer. YUM. 

What to see.. Any show is amazing in the ballroom... So far I have seen; CSS, tUnE yArDs, Starfucker, and Poolside. I have tickets for Twin Sister and Young the Giant. Shows are reasonable. The most I have paid for a show was $26 and the least was $5.

You can also just visit without seeing a show. It's so fun to hang out in the lounge to eat and drink. Most of the time, you can still hear the show if you are sitting inside. 

*be aware... shows actually start an hour or two after doors open. You may have to wait.
The closest thing to L.A. in Phoenix!

I went here with my hubby for Jen Deveroux Animal Royale fashion show.
(Jen is this super cute little pink haired chica that I just wanted to invite over for tea!)

Hubby & I arrived a bit early so we ordered a drink and sat in a small table.

 I was THRILLED that they had a Vanilla Bean rice pudding on the menu, so I ordered it!

The waitress was polite and brought me this big plastic bowl with a plastic spoon and it was FILLED with rice pudding!!! And it was only $3!!

It was DELISH!! My tastebuds soared!! I was sooo happy consuming this delight!

Anyway....
The 3 people at the table next to us were super friendly and we all chatted.

In fact, everyone at this place seemed super friendly and uber fun! The crowd was this beautiful eclectic mix of gay/lesbian, punk/rock/biker/techno peop's with lots of fun and cool hairstyles, make up and fashion.

We had a great time and I would highly recommend!
Best venue in az!
Great sound. Great location. Great bands. GREAT eye candy. Can't speak for the beer or the food, but if it's as good as the rest of the place, I surely won't be disappointed.
Innovative venue. Bleacher seating in the back is a bit odd, but it works. Dig the long bar at the far end of the hall. Excellent sound. Haven't tried the food yet, but I intend to investigate.
Not too shabby. I will say that the DJ on the Friday I was there rocked it out with all the latest and greatest Motown hits. The burrito I had (because I was starving) was pretty good and my malibu and pineapple was a-ok. I will have to try out the live music one of these days, but for now, you get a decent four star rating in my book!
I've been to the Crescent Ballroom a couple times but I've only seen one show. Let me tell you how it played out... and therefore why you should go. 

Through my typical dumb luck, which I am blessed to have in spades, I was able to get tickets to a show on this particular night that I needed them. 

I showed up late and what do you know, I walked down and took someone's seat in the front row. 

The singer, a blonde woman, age unknown, is like "I'm gonna free style. I hope you don't mind." So, of course, the crowd goes wild without knowing what's coming. 

And she starts sing a Toby Lightman song:

"Did I see you winkin' or is that me thinkin'? 
Should I show affection to the guy in the front row? 
Did I see you smile 'cause you been here for a while 
Should I make a connection with the guy in the front row? 

"But you don't know where I'm from, where I belong
All you know is my name
And you only know what you see and that really isn't me
But I'm glad you came

DALLAS here again interrupting my own story:

Now I'm thinking, is this a coincidence or am I the guy in the front row? Cause, you know, I'm the fricken guy in the front row. 

Ok back to the story:

Her still singing...

"Are you makin' passes while I'm pleasin' the masses? 
Well, I know all about you, you're the guy in the front row

AND THEN I SWEAR SHE LOOKS AT ME! WINKS. SHE WINKS! I of course am bright red and embarrassed. 

"Are you trying to distract me, while you're tying to attract me?
But I what to do, about you in the front row"

OK... So here's the part you're all hoping for... my emotional devastation. 

She finishes the song in which she say's she's glad "I" came... Asks lyrically if "I" want to hang... and at the end... She's like come here, guy in the front row. 

She wags her finger in the exact way you want a relatively attractive woman to wag her finger and I get up... and she bursts out laughing hysterically... and she can't stop. She's like dying of laughter. That fucking bitch is crying laughing at the stage and everyone saw me get up... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. 

She was fricking wagging her damned finger at the guy next to me... who like got up and smelled her knee. I'm sure she would have made out with him but she was still laughing. 

So anyway, if you want THAT kind of relationship with the artists. That's what you get. you can like see their cloven hooves if they're devil women like her. Or whatever. 

It's quite literally the best place in town to see a show or be the show and get seen or watch trendy people in their natural habitat.
Downtown needed a place like this for so long! Cool hang out, live music, good food. 
The combination of the three are an obvious marriage - Congratulations Crescent Ballroom, you're an instant success !
Best stage in Phoenix for local and/or small to medium sized acts, period. I went here for the Slackers concert (and the Twotone Lizard Kings who I actually came to see), and was really impressed.

My first impression, I had to say was not really positive. It seemed like a new hipster hangout (which it somewhat is, I suppose), and because of the small lounge in the front with the small lounge stage, I thought that the venue part of things was going to also be much smaller. Well, I was wrong. The venue is huge, the stage is huge, and the sound system is absolutely amazing.

I really like the layout of the venue as well. It's difficult to describe (and it probably varies), but Ill say that a little more than 3/4 of the room and half of the stage is devoted to the 21 and up crowd, while the other half of the stage is general admittance for anyone. They have a wisely located merchandise corner. The bar was very big, but out of the way enough so as not to cause "traffic" problems, and placed in such a way that by getting a drink, you will not miss a second of the show. They also serve food here, and the drinks did not seem to be wildly overpriced as they usually are at such venues. Further, there are about 5 rows of bleacher seats in the very back for those that prefer their entertainment sitting down rather than standing up. The divider between the general admittance and the drinkers is a convenient place to rest a drink or an elbow whilst enjoying the show.

Everything about this place is just smart. Im a professional musician, and I will gladly advocate that this place has the best sound system in phoenix. The vibe is just right--fun and electric. The stage is big enough for a band of 10 people.

Im hoping that they will embrace some heavier music in the near future, maybe a couple nights a month or something. I understand the type of crowd they are seeking, but really think they would be missing out on a resource of Arizona that has gone untapped for a long time now.

I will definitely be back. Hopefully, Ill also be there soon to play their stage. If the night I had here was anything to judge by, that gig would be would be one hell of a night.
I was visting Phoenix from Chicago and this was the place that all the locals were telling me to check out.  I will say that I am glad that I did check it out.  Although I only checked out the lounge area.  There was a local act in the main room, asking $25 for admission.  Sorry... that's a little steep for one guy on an acoustic guitar.

So the lounge it was.  The lounge area is pretty sparse, which works.  Just tables and chairs.  Apparently a DJ plays later, but we left a little before midnight an still no DJ.  Oh well, maybe next time.

One suggestion, get another bathroom.  Having to wait behind a line of 5 girls is never a good thing.
As a concert venue - 4 stars - easy to get to, friendly staff, affordable drinks, good sound and a stream of good acts.  A welcome addition to downtown PHX.

As a restaurant - 2 stars - and here's why:

The Good: the guacamole appetizer - holy deliciousness.  The best I've had in a long time.  Try it.

The Bad: The Ensalada Cortado - a salad with a variety of greens and corn nuts - sounds delicious but was doused in so much dressing it was almost like a soup.  Strangely sweet while at the same time void of flavor.  Who knew?

The Ugly: The Al Pastor Pork Burrito - where to begin...  Mostly just beans, and more beans, surrounding a few slabs of fat-laden, hard to chew pork.  Not to be crass but this little beauty forced me to hit the restroom 4 times before noon the next day.  So I guess what I'm saying is, you have been warned.

Summary: I'd go back to see a show any time however I'll be eating elsewhere first.
Great venue, great atmosphere and food! One of our favorite spots in the valley!
Downtown Phoenix needed a larger venue that could accommodate active dancers, puking drinkers, and wallflowers into a room that has a good sound system, year-round temperature control, acoustics, and good promoters.  

Thank you Crescent Ballroom.  You saved the day.  Now I don't have to watch Phish in 120 degrees, turning into human bacon, paying too much for a foamy beer that is going to turn into pee water in two minutes.  Oh, and I don't even like the band anyway... because they always play in dusty-outdoor-half-empty amphitheaters with awful sound caused by rattling sheet metal and airplane noise pollution.

So, when a friend asks me, 

"Dude, you want to spend 120 bones to see String Cheese Incident at Mesa Ampitheater?"  
 
I am going to politely say no and go see Big Freedia from a dark corner in a cool ballroom and drink my delicious whisky and coke that only costs 5 bucks.  

This venue is great for the music industry, it's great for the penny pinchers, it's great for the socialites, and it's great for Phoenix.  Charlie Sheen can't win this much with three nostrils.
It is about damn time we get a sweet Indie music venue in Downtown PHX.  Even when they are just rolling with a DJ the music is always setting the mood.  I have yet to try their food but it looks to be a simple and tasty menu which includes pub favorites like burgers, nachos and burritos.  

Crescent is consistently packed on weekends, they manage the crowds well for one exception, the front restroom.  Only one unisex bathroom is available up in the front lounge area and on a busy night you can be in line for a bit.  

Now I don't have to put up with poor venue situations like The Clubhouse or Marquee to enjoy some of the artists that are making their way into PHX.
I used to pass by this area all the time on my bike and remember this whole corner pretty abandoned and quiet. Then during Art Detour when trying to find my lil bro's bike tour he was leading, we passed what I thought was still a sleepy corner to find Crescent Ballroom. 

First impressions were great just riding by. Patio seating looked inviting and artwork hanging inside made me want to stop in, but not just yet, we had a bike ride to finish. 

Luckily enough, my bro suggested we stop here after the ride for some drinks. Great idea. They had plenty of local brews on tap so I got my fav Four Peaks Kiltlifter and for a small snack we ordered the trail mix. 

As predicted, patio seating was great! The lights on top of the building were set up to give the right about of lighting at night and our server did a great job of keeping us happy. The trail mix ($2.00) was awesome too, it came in a brown paper bag and did the job of holding us over till we ate later that evening. 

Although this place makes a great bar, it looks like it would make an even better music venue. That will have to be for another night, but a band was setting up, and forewarned, you have to pay extra to sit in the room the band plays, but I'm sure that's part of how the band gets paid so I can't hate on that. 

The Crescent Ballroom is a little off the beaten path for most visitors to downtown, so I imagine you'll see a lot of local downtowners which is great, and I hope to catch a show or grab some beers before a Suns game here again sometime.
Wow, I wish they had a spot like this in San Diego. We got a recommendation to come here from our server at Nobuo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nobuo-at-teeter-house-phoenix#hrid:R79IFDF-hekGT9WR5Z5LtA), which I highly recommend, by the way. We walked to Crescent Ballroom from the restaurant and it took us maybe 15 minutes. On a rather quiet block, it was the only lively place that was protruding sound. There were so many people inside and outside and in the ongoing concert room. People were out having a good, casual time with friends while a show was going on in the next room. 

Although I have no idea who was playing that night, I had no interest in paying to see it. I just came to check out the scene and grab a drink. There's a lounge with a bar and an outdoor patio. I heard after the concert is over, usually a DJ comes out and spins but we didn't stay long enough for that. We sat down at a table in the lounge and probably stayed for about an hour. It was interesting to see how the Phoenix locals were, but it was awkward being there since mostly everyone else came with large groups of friends. 

I guess now that I think of it, Crescent Ballroom could very well be like House of Blues in SD (http://www.yelp.com/biz/house-of-blues-san-diego#hrid:Wd0QJ16zgg70FsX0vHsQGQ/src:self), but Crescent Ballroom was just a smaller venue that does it way better. It's a cool place with a good layout that I wish we had here in SD.
First let me say thank you to Stateside Presents for creating a music venue, in the heart of downtown Phoenix!  I was ecstatic to hear of this venue and when I went to my first show there, I was happy it lived up to all the hype.  I love the bleacher style seating in the back, for those shows you don't feel like standing at...genius idea.  Everything about this place, is the perfect size.  Chris Bianco, of Pizzeria Bianco, and Doug Robson, of Gallo Blanco (located in the Clarendon Hotel) oversee the menu here and they offer some vegan options, so it is an automatic win in my opinion!  Not a huge menu, but it is just enough.  You can eat, have a few drinks and then head in to the ballroom for the show....makes for a nice evening.  And when there isn't a show happening, it is open for business as usual and DJ's are spinning some of your favorite tunes.  All in all, I dig this place and highly recommend it.
The Cresent Ballroom makes me happy. 

We've seen We Were Promised Jetpacks (the sound was turned up so high, it pulverized my eardrums...and I like my eardrums nice and pulverized); Sergio Mendoza Y La Orkesta; Miniature Tigers and several other bands. Great small- to medium-sized venue, good sound, excellent A/C (!!!) and bleachers parallel to the stage should you decide sitting is more your style. Parking can be sketchy, only because there's a pay lot next door and there always seems to be someone sleeping on the ground in the back side of the lot. 

So, I recommend you get there early, park on the street and spend some time in their outstanding lounge before the show. Or you could just hit the lounge like we did last weekend. 

Go.
I happened to find out about this place because a favorite local band of mine was having a release party show at the venue right after it opened. I didn't make that show, but was familiar with the name of the venue the second time that band played, and showed up not knowing what to expect.

I love the ambiance of this place. You get to really see the band up close and personal, and the sound is phenom. The environment is great for local bands and there isn't a bad spot in the place.

Drinks were awesome, and the food was fantastic (and not as expensive as I had anticipated. Hell, I hadn't anticipated food, period, given it was a music venue). But of course the food would be great, considering the kitchen is overseen by Chris Bianco, who is responsible for the masterpiece that is Pizzeria Bianco.

Can't say enough good stuff about this place!!!
Crescent Ballroom is a huge success for downtown Phoenix. The setup is surely to be copied (hopefully) by other Arizona venues. The bar makes real cocktails and is affordable. The mexican street-style food is delicious and decent quantities. The venue looks nice where it counts and keeps it minimal for a good show room. The size of the entire venue keeps things intimate but has enough room not to be unrealistic like a lot of places in downtown, phx. The sound from the few shows I have been to have all been well done.
great venue. horrible service. bartender ignores you and so do the waitresses.
This is one of the best music venues in Arizona. The bar and food plus the lounge area is perfect. Hope they get more shows and stay around.
Hello lova', where have you been all my life? Wow, I love this venue. Went there for the first time last night to see Face to Face acoustic and I just love the sound, the layout, the vibe. A great place to see music. This is coming from someone who worked in the indie music business for 5 years, 1.5 of those years spent touring so I've seen my share of venues. 

I don't know what this place would be like with a DJ or full rock band, but it was great so an acoustic act and I hope the shows I want to see coming through town play here. 

I also love that its a restaurant/bar. I would hang here just for dinner or drinks. Plus the bands play loud enough you can hear them from the restaurant. So I guess if the show is sold out or you are flat broke you can still hear whoever is playing.

Excited to take my bf here next week for the Revival Tour.
Good Venue. We saw Squeeze last night (great show) and were really happy at how intimate the place was. You're never more than about 60 feet from the band, even when you're in the bathroom. It also helped that it was pretty much a douche-bag free zone but I digress. It was a 21 and older show and the lines at the bar moved along really well. Sound level was reasonable and appropriate for the space. We'll definitely be back.
Have really enjoyed seeing concerts at this venue.  They are now getting the word out that they are open starting at 11am for lunch, delicious guacamole and interesting burritos with locally sourced ingredients.  A nice place to relax over a quick lunch with friends.  They said there are happy hour specials so check back for those.
Came here Friday night after the Florence and the Machine concert. First of all I LOVE this place as a concert venue. Exactly what you need, small and intimate but good acoustics and atmosphere. Also I personally hate going to shows and feeling like the old guy (im only 27) but it seems like some of these indie shows are full of highschoolers. At crescent, they kind of separate that, so I can not feel so old. thanks.

Anyway, it was 4/20 so they had free cover. We went right to the bar and got some waters (it was HOT) and beer, and a gin/tonic. All were reasonably priced in a small plastic cup. In order to go into the venue area we had to pay a $5 cover. The band this time was a Nirvana cover band, Im all for nirvana but this band...yikes. Thats okay though, the crowd was great and I definitely recommend coming here to grab drinks in the front room area, hang with friends, or even see a show. Crescent has AWESOME shows that come to it so I am definitely going to check this place out. ALSO the Burritos, i tried some from my friend, and dang. That thing is good. Definitely recommend getting a burrito here. The prices range from about $6-8. The one I tried was bean and cheese with Tillamook cheese which I love. Anyway, good crowd, decent drinks, and AWESOME concert venue. Check it out!
Looking forward to seeing Royal Southern Brotherhood on May 16th!
Absolutely great venue to see a show!  I attended a private party Thursday night with Edwin McCain as the performer and was so impressed.  The food was good, the space was really nice and intimate for a show and the staff seemed great!
Impressive! I like the seating in the back, the bar and bartenders are great, menu looked great, can't wait to try it sometime!
Who has one bathroom for men and women to share in a bar! This is such a big downfall for me I spent half my time waiting in line instead of hanging with my friends:( I do like the atmosphere and the vibe.
This place is just what the Phoenix venue doctor ordered. 

In the past few years, so many of Phoenix's venues have either gone out of business or decided not to have music in their establishments anymore (I'm looking at you, Modified Arts).  There are still many great venues in the area, but none that can hold the amount of people or attract big name acts like The Crescent Ballroom can. Up until this place opened people in the neighborhood were forced to either catch a show in Tempe, or worse yet drive ALL THE WAY down to Tucson to catch bands who couldn't (or didn't want to) book a show in the Valley. Not anymore though. Crescent Ballroom has saved the day!

This is a great space. It's nestled inside the old F.L. Hart garage, a historic Phoenix building built in the early 1900's. When you walk up you're greeted by people enjoying their beers, smokes, and food in the outdoor seating area. Next you walk up and get your ID and Tickets (if you're catching a concert) checked by the friendly girl at the door. Once you walk in you're in the lounge, which is always free to just sit in and hang out. You can find yourself a table if you want, or just walk up to the bar and get your drink from one of the friendly bartenders.
They have a pretty limited number of things you can order from their kitchen, but no matter what you order it will be delicious. I've had the nachos (yum), a burger (yummier) and the salad (yummiest). All menu items are reasonably priced and are usually a big enough portion to share with a friend. 

Now the music venue. It's amazing. It can hold I believe up to 500 something people. It's big enough to cram all those people into the space but also small enough to where you still feel close to the action.  I've been lucky enough to catch a few shows here and the sound quality in there is amazing. Shows are pretty reasonably priced, but if you see an act you just can't miss I would recommend buying your tickets in advance and early! 

The noise level in the lounge and outdoor seating area can get pretty high. If it's a busy night, don't count on being able to have a quiet, intimate conversation with your lady friend. You'll be yelling "WHAT?!?!?" at each other all night. 

Every time I've been to this place I've had a great time. I love Crescent Ballroom. Period.
Can I give six stars? 
Happy hour till 7
Great atmosphere
Great staff
Vegetarian options
Food is really good! Even if I didn't want to drink I would come just to eat.
Best churro on the planet... THE PLANET!
Outside seating
Best part is when there is a concert they pipe the music into the lounge area. So basically you can have a drink in the bar, talk to your friends and still listen to live music!
Thank you Crescent Ballroom for your gallo blanco influenced al pastor burrito stylings, the pairing of homemade ginger beer and brown, and your small - I could be somewhere other than Phoenix it is so cool - venue.
The Crescent Ballroom seems to metamorphose appropriately depending on the act on stage and the temperament of the crowd.  Having taken in two shows midweek on several occasions, I can only imagine how it will continue to evolve with time.

But suffice it to say that any place where the diversity of the species (musical and otherwise) can coexist in peace deserves a try, especially in SandLand.
This is the best venue in Phoenix for live music. I'm a musician and have played 5 of my 6 last shows there. It's one of the few venues where I actually want to stick around after we load in our stuff early in the evening. They treat local acts with a lot respect and really do a great job with sound.  The bean burrito is amazing with their green salsa.  I got to experience an amazing dance party here that happened out of thin air.  It changed my life forever.
This casual and cool locale would likely be a 4-star venue in a city with more developed cultural outlets, but in Phoenix this venue is a much needed and thus much beloved gem. The building is an interesting re-use and has excellent acoustics. The attached bar is reasonably priced. Support the ballroom with your patronage!
Excellent place to see live music.

This place is in a great location. Easy walking distance from other stuff downtown.  The bouncers have always been very friendly with us on our visits. The staff at the door and bar have been cool.  It's a new place with plenty of room for the acts who play there. They have bleacher seating, tables, and standing room. They have pretty good sound equipment that so far seems to work as expected.  I highly recommend it.
OK, let me start by saying this is a food review, not a venue review.  Haven't been for a concert yet.

While I'm generally not a fan of grilled burritos (burritos that have been put into a panini press), the Veggie Burrito at Crescent really brought the flavor.   Good soy sauce saut on the veggies, good flavor on the beans and a good ratio of the two.  This is my first time there, but Crescent seems to pay attention to the details.  The tortilla was one of the best I've had in Phoenix (I want to know where they get them), and even the corn chips seemed a couple notches above ordinary.  The salsas are the same delicious salsas from El Gallo.

I'll definitely be back
Crescent Ballroom is the first venue I can think of in Phoenix that is actually a cool place to watch live music, AND eat a satisfying meal. I was intrigued when I heard it was another place to watch a good show, but it definitely became a priority when I heard that Chris Bianco (owner of Pizzeria Bianco) and Doug Robson (owner of Gallo Blanco) were in charge of the restaurant on the other side of the door.

During my first visit, we were there to support a band and only had time for chips and guac (yum), but the rest of the food looked great! I will make sure I get there with plenty of time to spare before our next trip to Crescent so i can enjoy more of what their kitchen has to offer.

As far as a music venue goes, I was impressed. Great sound, and juuuust small enough to feel intimate, but big enough to accommodate a good amount of people. Bleacher seats in the back are a nice reward for people that are early to their  show.
I would normally rate Crescent 5 stars, but not tonight. We went early, as we normally do in order to have dinner and a few drinks before the concert. Tonight, 3/4 of the tables had reserved signs on them. We were rudely told that there was a 20 top coming in (scattered among 4 tables ?!?!?) Why is Crescent allowing reservations for a party that big on the night of a sold out show? Not the smartest call if you ask me. Others were trying to grab a bite before the show and were out of luck. Extremely irritating night at the Crescent.
I want SO badly to give Crescent Ballroom a 5-star review, because really it is nearly a 5-star place.

First off, the concert venue is perfect for Phoenix.  It is small enough to be extremely intimate, yet large enough that you don't feel cramped and can step away almost enough to have a conversation while the music is loud.  Drinks are reasonably priced, and there are 2 bars that generally don't have a huge wait.  Did you say you could buy a burrito to eat during the concert? Heck yes!  The sound quality and lighting are both pretty good, and they bring in great local acts.  I think they have a concert nearly every night of the week, and tickets are rarely expensive.

Second, the lounge area is pretty awesome.  There is never a cover to get in, and you can generally hear the concerts from there as well.  Most nights there is a DJ that plays some pretty sweet music, and people seem to always be happy.  There are a number of high-tops and tables if you want to chill, and by midnight people tend to create a little dance floor.

I don't have much experience with the food here, but the burrito I had was pretty good and I've heard good things.  Check that out for yourself.

So, why only 3 stars?  The big reason is the smoking.  Crescent has a sizable patio area in the front of the building, and it draws quite the hipster crowd.  I love hipsters.  But I hate hate hate how much they smoke.  Every single person on the patio is smoking at all times.  The problem here?  The patio has giant doors that open the lounge up to the outside, and the hipsters are essentially smoking inside.  Not in 2012, not in my book.  It kills me.

Reason number two for the star-deduction: what is wrong with the grapefruit juice here?  I've been told by every bartender that it's fresh-squeezed, and I have no reason to doubt that.  But seriously, there is something major wrong with it.  I've tried it with all of my favorite vodkas, and it just fails each time.

So, here's what you do.  Drop by one night, they're open until 2am every night.  Check out a concert if you can, for $10 who really cares if you know them or not.  Grab a drink at the bar and stay as far from the patio as you can.  And grab an Odell IPA, they never disappoint.
The bathrooms are really boring. 

That's literally the only less-than-fantastic thing I could come up with. Everything else is spot on: Medium-sized space that feels intimate but not cramped; great sound equipment; stage is the perfect height; bleachers in the back of the room; 2 bars run by friendly people & phenomenal food.

If you haven't been: check out their calendar and try to make it in soon. Or if you'd rather just grab a bite and skip the show, you can go into the front section ("The Lounge") and just eat and have a drink without buying a ticket. I recommend the nachos.
The Crescent Ballroom is one of the best concert venues in Phoenix. The set up is great, you walk in to a nice modern dining area where you can have pre-drinks and food before entering in to the actual venue. 

The Ballroom itself is small, but well set up with stadium seating along the walls. The  under 21 area is also small and doesn't take away from the viewing pleasure of all the drunkards like some other places. 

I have yet to try the food, but they do $5 beer and burritos on Fridays and I have heard rave reviews. This place rocks and I hope it stays this way. We need more venues like this in Phoenix!
Finally, a music venue in Phoenix that encourages local bands as well as national acts. Intimate feel and "Smells like Team Spirit" bleachers and wait for it, AWESOME BATHROOMS, ladies don't wait in ridiculous lines any longer! Perfect to light rail too, so convenient. Can't say anything bad about Crescent! Now I hear they are doing FREE Sundays in Summer, super bad.
I saw a really great show here with my girlfriend and friend.  The venue itself, I think, has too many bizarre rules and they are pretty disorganized.

Going to take a piss, I'd just bought a beer and, hey, I kinda like pissing with a beer.  It's fun!  Above the urinals they have these metal deals that are perfect for setting a drink on, in fact I can't think of a single other application in which they might come in handy.  As I walk in, this security dude goes, "Hey!  You can't bring your beer in there," and I'm like, "Well, I'm gonna set it down right here, then..." when I came out, fuck, my beer was gone and so was the security dude.  Thanks, asshole, this place doesn't charge you up the ass for a drink or anything, anyway...

Later on that night, the bar lost my friend's ATM card, and as she periodically checked the balance, she saw that at least one charge she wasn't present for at $2 went through.  Lovely.

The venue itself is fine, in terms of set up.  It could stand to be bigger, because this fucker gets packed to the gills, and apparently it gets ten times more packed than it was when I saw it.
I wasn't aware that the phrase 'Downtown Douchebags' existed. While fellow Phoenix brethren enjoy utilizing expressions such as 'Chandler Trash' or 'Scottsdale Douchebags', I was surprised when a friend of a friend inquired if Crescent Ballroom was indeed "where all the downtown douchebags hung out." While I think it's quite normal to find douchey people across the wide spectrum of AZ, I found this particular term a bit of a misnomer. I think utopian would have been a more appropriate word to replace downtown, which was simply too broad in scope. Even so, I don't think that Crescent Ballroom has the utopian vibe associated with some local Phx spots; it's an entirely different experience.

The crowd at Crescent is diverse and impressive, and the variety in music is overwhelming. We've rocked out with the Tune-Yards, experienced the nautical dreamy music of Active Child, established rapport on the patio with Black Carl and complained about the sound issues of Portugal. The Man. We've regretted missing shows like St. Vincent, Geographer, Manchester Orchestra and M83. In September, Yeasayer is coming to Crescent. I never would have imagined finding a venue in Phoenix where I could see ALL of these bands play. I think the saddest part of that last statement is I never expected these to be the bands that I would want to see live. 

Sometimes, after shows have ended, they have a DJ come out and play songs that I recognize because I shop at Urban Outfitters and then I proceed to destroy everyone on the dance floor. 

It would be unacceptable to review Crescent without mentioning the food. I have consumed all of their burritos, their hamburger and cheese crisp (I add MEAT) and can confirm that the ingredients used for these items were cultivated and prepared by the Pagan gods that I will continue to worship. Beer selection is fairly adequate since I can order Hop Knot in a can. Prices for drinks are pretty normal and the price for shows will vary depending on a scale of one to Bon Jovi. 

Lastly, there are a lot of parking and places to lock your bike which is very important to me because I ride a neon green fixed gear since I'm a Downtown Douchebag.
Only been here once for the Portland Cello Project, but it was great! The venue itself is understated, but very comfortable. Bleacher seating inside and general standing space. The front area is a lounge and restaurant. Dimly lit. The age group the night we were there was diverse. Definitely a hipster hangout, but if you can look past that, it's a nice hangout. The size of the venue is appropriate for lesser known, indie groups and smaller projects. Definitely looking forward to going to more shows here!
It's hipsteriffic. 

I knew by the way the tenspeeds were racked that this would be a PBR-and-plaid sort of place, and I wasn't disappointed.

What I liked about it: The DJ was loud as hell but isolated to the front lounge section. If there's no band playing in the ballroom part, one can wander back there to have an actual conversation. Also, no cover.

What I didn't like about it: I don't think there was much vodka in that vodka tonic.

Still, not a bad place to hang out. Some nice eye-candy and it's within walking distance to Seamus McAffrey's and Hanny's.
I'm personally burnt out on the whole hipster thing. I guess because it's been a popular trend for a really long time in cities other than Phoenix. I kind of feel like it's almost pass now days. 

However, whenever I want to get my hipster fix I come to places like this and listen to 20 something year olds talk about all the cool stuff they like and all the mainstream stuff they think is lame, while dressed exactly like every other hipsterific poser in the place that studies American Apparel billboards. I guess it's better than the 45 year old hipsters of Silverlake, but whatevs.

Anyhow, sure, it's a cool place. It looks cool. The drinks are pretty good too. I had some food here once. It was good, as in it didn't taste frozen or microwaved, but flavor wise it was just ok- nothing epic.
I love coming to Crescent mostly because I get to hang out with loved ones when I'm here. My bf's hipster brother lives closeby and we don't get to see him often, so I've always had a good time catching up with him here. We've always sat outside in the patio area and I love it. You can hear the live music from outside but you can still have a conversation without yelling. The servers are super friendly and always bring drinks out fast. I recommend getting some trail mix to munch on with some beers.
Ok. So I have lived in smaller cities that have excellent places to see live music & I have lived in large cities that have an awful live music scene & pretty much no-where for it to happen. I don't think people realize how good they have it here! This place is fantastic! There is a large dance area plus bleacher-style seating around the back wall so a person can sit but still see. The employees I encountered were all really nice, friendly, and helpful. I was on a rolling scooter when I went due to a recent surgery & everyone was accommodating (which shocked me since I WAS putting myself in the position of being in a crowded music venue), no one ran into me or fell on top of me, and I could see the bands the whole time. What I was most impressed about was that it was a 16+ show. My 17 year old little sister was in town visiting & wanted to go dancing & I couldn't find any other place other than the Crescent Ballroom that had a live show she could go to. Normally, I would have seen it as a negative to have a bunch of little kids at a show but the Crescent does a great job of keeping the under 21 separated AND they got to be right up front. Great idea! No alcohol directly up front, but outside of the little separator gate you can drink all you want. The only negative was that it did seem like there were a lot of complainey people in the crowd that didn't seem to want to be there. Weird. Maybe that's the cool thing with certain groups/ages- to go to things and pretend you don't like it but stay anyway. It was a pretty diverse crowd in general though, which is always great.
This is the venue you go to when you graduate from being almost trampled to death by 16-year-olds at Marquee Theater. Love, love, LOVE this place. The ballroom is fabulous. It has great acoustics, it doesn't get groggy and hot, the bathrooms are always clean, and the bar is a nice size - I've never had to wait behind two rows of people trying to grab a drink during a show. There's a "pit" area as well as stadium bench seating and no matter where you choose to sit/stand you can both see and hear perfectly well - something I as a petite 5'3" girl can really appreciate.

I also love the restaurant half of the place. It's a great during-the-week hang out to grab a few cocktails and watch an acoustic set in the dining area. The food is surprisingly delicious - I had the bean & cheese burro w/ veggies. Sounds like nothing special but the toasted tortilla and smokey, creamy chipotle salsa really had me feeling better about spending $8 on a bean and cheese burrito. And it's an added bonus (for me at least) that they have churros for dessert. Can't beat cinnamon & sugar fried bread dipped in cajeta (thick caramel sauce made from goat's milk). SO GOOD.

Affordable shows (with some really great lineups) , good food, and booze. Need I say more?
I LOVE the food, music and specialty drinks here.  The only thing that could possibly influence me to take away a star from my review is the fact that the service we have received every time we've eaten here has been terrible.  We had the same server each time.  She told us the wrong drink specials for the day the first time.  The second time she had no idea that half the beers they have were out of stock because they had a busy weekend and hadn't gotten another shipment in.  She acts like she doesn't care about her job or the customers and she disappears frequently for 5-10 minutes at a time.  Maybe if we got another server I'd give this place 5 stars.
El pastor Burrito, a cold Tequila Fresca, live music, and top it off with a hot churro! My favorite music venue in AZ by far!

Been here on several occasions and every visit has passed my expectations. The food is delicious and affordable. The specialty drinks are unique and kickass; however slightly more expensive. There is ample seating both in the lounge and music venue area, and there really is no bad seat in the house.

The scene is very diverse but leans more towards the hipster side; however this all depends on who is playing. 

The audio quality is above average in the music venue area, and the small setting makes for a very intimate show.

Highly suggest this place and I hope it is here for as long as I am!
Went to crescent ballroom a few months ago and haven't been back. Here's why:

My boyfriend and I are both East Coast transplants. We had been to old town and were in search of a spot a little less...plastic? 

We found that at Crescent Ballroom. We liked that it was laid-back, has live music and cold beer. 

We posted up at a table and asked for a server. The kind lady said that we would have to get our drinks from the bar. So we started a tab and had a couple beers while watching Dylan Pratt. He was really fantastic and I would love to see him again. We ordered some nachos and continued to watch the show. Nachos never showed so we assumed she forgot to order them for us. No biggy. We were ready to leave and asked for the tab. 

Upon seeing the nachos still listed on the bill, I reminded her that we never actually had them. It's 3 or 4 bucks so whatever, right? But I don't make it a habit of paying for something I ordered but never received. The server/bartender/non-food deliverer says,"I told you that you would have to come to the bar for your drinks and food." 
Me-"I understand. But couldn't you have tapped on my shoulder to say that the food was up?" 

She refused to take the nachos of the bill. Girlfriend wants to play hardball. That's cool too. I asked to speak the manager. The manager says, "Didn't you understand that you would have to get your food from the bar?" And...then...I lost it. 

Me-"Are you kidding? Yes, but I find it a little ridiculous that our food sat up on the bar while we were watching the show and no one could let us know it was ready? Or just drop it off to us. Aren't you the manager? Isn't it your job to make sure things like that don't happen?"

Manager-"Let's step outside and talk about this. You are disturbing the other customers."

So funny. Haha, I felt literally felt like Ben Stiller in the "bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb!" scene of Meet the Parents. Only I wasn't dealing with a chirpy flight attendant. It was worse...I was dealing with a hipster. I get it. You are cooler than me in many ways. You're not wearing a bra and you read more books and watch more indie movies than I do. But I'm your customer, a first time customer who decided to spend my hard earned money and my valued personal time at your establishment. Have some respect for that. Take the $3 hit and let me leave your restaurant wanting to return. 

After spending 9 years in the restaurant industry, I know when to tell a customer "Sorry for the inconvenience, let me take it off your tab." 
I tip 20% or more on good service. Even if my food sucks. I don't tip 20% on lazy or pretentious service.
They have great bands that play here , but its too small of a venue to hear music.
The food here is amazing and the staff is friendly! I'd recommend coming here for lunch because they have great lunch specials and the atmosphere is always relaxed.
Whether I'm here to see a show or not, I'm a pretty big fan of Crescent. It's become the default downtown bar for my friends and I, actually.

I'm a pretty big fan of live music, and whoever is booking shows at this place is doing a great job. It's a medium sized venue, and they do a pretty good job of finding bands that will fill the place, but that generally won't sell out in 10 minutes. (They cater to the local music & indie-rock crowd, mostly.) The shows generally range from $8 - $15, depending on who's playing.

One of the things I really like is that they have a front bar & patio that you can hang out  and have drinks, and not go into the show so you don't have to pay a cover. (they have inner doors separating the show area front the front bar area.)

Yes, this place tends to draw a more indie-hipster crowd than, say, a scottsdale bar... but I've always found the crowd to be enjoyably diverse in both age & style. I mean, I'm a 31 yr old dude that wears jeans & button-down shirts, and I've never been shunned or mocked by a gaggle of skinny-jean wearing ruffians. (also, a lot of it depends on what bend they have playing that day.) And, there's always plenty of cute girls. So there's that.

(last note: drink prices are pretty standard. $5 bucks for a Guinness, $4 or $5 for a cocktail. God knows for PBR. No one should drink that swill. Also, if they have Sangria, beware - taste great, good price, not much booze.)
If I didn't live so far away, Crescent would probably be my regular hangout for just about anything - eating, drinking, live music, whatever.

Sure, it's pretty hipsteriffic - but that's to be expected. The venue caters largely to local and indie music, but it's nothing like several other cheap, run-down shack "venues" in the valley (cough). It's new, clean, and fairly organized; a little small, but I prefer it that way, because I hate being in huge crowds at shows. I haven't heard of half the bands who come here, because I'm not that cool, but they'll have a bigger act once in a while, and the concerts I HAVE seen here are fantastic. Great sound, great views, and great atmosphere.

What has bothered me, unfortunately, is the service at the bar and patio. Both times I've been here and ordered food and drinks, I've been pretty frustrated with how inattentive the servers are. Yes, we get it, you're busy - but I've worked in the restaurant biz, and all I can say is that if you can't handle it, don't be a server. Being busy is not a good excuse to forget to bring items, make us wait 15 minutes for checks after asking, and then screw up said checks. Something along these lines has happened on each visit. Might just be bad luck. I'd really love to come here sometime when it's not packed before a show, because the food and drinks are surprisingly good. It looks like they have some great specials throughout the week, too.

But negatives aside, Crescent is fun, reasonably priced, and refreshingly different. I like the set-up (the venue being separate from the dining area/bar/patio, plus both standing and sitting areas for shows) and the relaxed environment. Overall it's a chill place to hear some good tunes and hang out with friends. It's like a breath of fresh air amongst a sea of dark, dingy, overpriced venues in the Phoenix area.
Good food, good drink selection - can't complain about that.

Then you walk into the venue, and it's all sorts of fantastic.  Bleacher seating if you wanna chill. Places to put your food and drink if you want to mill about.  The place is pretty small so if your favorite band comes through here it's a MUST that you check them out - very intimate.

Another bar towards the back is pretty accessible and the bathrooms are never a hassle.
Great additon to downtown..been there couple of times I really like it. Saw Reggie Watts seating was a little uncomfortable. But it was awesome they even booked someone like Reggie Watts. I like the fact they have national acts as well as local. I really really do like the place. Yummy drinks and decent prices!
Likes:
-Cheaper drinks than most bars in Phoenix (cough-ihatecopperbluesprices-cough)
-Hearing music playing in the venue area
-Not being rushed to leave tables and you can hang in here awhile

Dislikes:
-1 stall bathroom for women (and men apparently?) I know they probably don't have the room, but it really sucks when someone takes more than 5 min. and you are waiting
-Brought in a coupon that apparently was "not approved by them" but on a top coupon site. I got a "well fine.. we will honor it this time, but only on one drink. you can't use that here again, we don't approve those coupons" I felt like a criminal. Just posting a sign about coupons would be a good idea
-The way the bar is set up with a crooked line to order a drink, you got to just grab the bartenders attention. I wish the had a system because it makes it difficult when it is busy
I went here to catch up with a friend who just moved here from Seattle. We both really liked this place! I like that they have free music shows sometimes and the food is good (not the best food ever, but good). When we went, they had 5$ Sangria and it was really tasty. I got the carne asada burrito and I liked the flavor, but the meat pieces were a little too small and it was a little too beany BUT I enjoyed it. I would definitely go back.
I really like this place. I've been 5 or 6 times and have brought fairly large parties with me every time. The music is good, the atmosphere is good, burritos are good, the chips are less than medium, the drinks and churros are really awesome, but I just keep getting served by the meanest waitress in the industry.

I politely told her that she charged us twice for a single PBR. She hates to hear this. She ripped the bills out of our hands, threw them down on the table next to us and yelled at us (there was a clear and definite raising of the voice) that she slipped the whole bill in with one person's individual bill as well. This lady really needs to lose the 'tude. 

But the joke's on me, because I'll be back. I guess I don't care if you yell at me, just as long as you keep feeding me churros and whiskey drinks.
This is one of the best mid-sized music venues I have been to in years. The bartenders were friendly and attentive, and they seem to run a tight ship there. I plan on going back to try the food at some point. The interior is very nicely decorated, the stage is more spacious than most stages at similar venues, and they actually believe in leaving the air conditioning on when a band is playing! Trust me, it was much appreciated. I plan on being back, and soon!
I love this place.  Great small to medium-sized venue.  It is a good reason to experience downtown Phoenix.  You can take the light rail right to Van Buren and Central, and it is only two very short city blocks west.  There are many restaurants within walking distance, so it was easy to make a whole night of going to a show.

The show we saw was sold out, and yet it was very comfortable to be inside.  There was plenty of room to see the bands, and you could easily get a drink at the bar without too long of a wait or extra effort.

The drinks were priced reasonably.  I drank Tanqueray and tonic for $6 each and the wife had Stella Artois for $5 each.  The cheapest drinks were cans of PBR for $3 each.  They serve food, but we had just eaten at the Arrogant Butcher-- however I have heard they have a decent kitchen from a well respected source.

The floorplan is set up very well.  There are two entrances, east and west.  On the east side there is a lounge and dining area with restrooms and a bar.  Through a set of double doors is the stage area that has bleacher type seating in the back and plenty of standing room in the front.  The west entrance appears to be for the under 21 set during all ages shows.   Having the two entrances makes for a very quick and organized egress, which is convenient and safe.   There is a long bar along the west  wall, another set of restrooms, and an area dedicated for band merch, which was nice because we were able to talk to the opening act while they sold their own records and t-shirts.  The place is air-conditioned quite nicely.  The bathrooms were reasonably clean for how many people were there.

Overall this is a little gem in downtown Phoenix that makes me excited to get out and and actually be part of the small-but-great Phoenix night-life.
I remember when I was in high school and we'd go see live music at small venues like the Mason Jar and Electric Ballroom.  It was great to be intimate with my favorite musicians.  Those venues are long gone and I've seen many shows since then at large venues or small venues that just didn't have it right... Those small venues being bars or clubs that moved some tables or have a stage but a terrible sound system.  The Crescent Ballroom is everything I want from a small music venue.
There is sufficient patio seating for the smokers to have their breaks.  There is also a large main bar area with seating for those dining.  This area is awesome and always open to everyone who just want to hang out downtown where delicious vodka and tasty nachos are served.  
You can then enter the large space where the concerts are held.  There is plenty of standing room and plenty of stair seating (think high school gym bleachers).  There is a large bar in that area so you don't have to leave the music to get a drink.  I recommend finding a spot in the standing area in the middle.  Find those speakers and stand below them.  They have an amazing sound system where you hear and feel the music.  
I hear they always have some musician playing either in the small or large area of the property.  It's great to have live music as an option every day of the week.
This is hands down the coolest concert venue you can experience in Phoenix. They have great artists, a great sound system, a great layout, great food, great djs on the weekends... it's just the best! Definitely worth checking out with a group of friends.

There's only two things I dislike about this place A. The view of a parking garage when sitting on the patios, and B. the fact that they coral the under 21 crowd during shows. It often means my group gets split up. I know plenty of venues that don't corner off the under 21 crowd, so idk why crescent does.

But those are minor complaints. This place is awesome!
Amazing vibe and great people and drinks.  This is my absolute favorite music venue.  It can get a little loud in the dining area, and it's almost always crowded when we go, so seating isn't always optimal.  However, the food and ambiance make up any shortcomings.  We go sometimes just for the guacamole - definitely some of the best I've ever had in my life.  

I also love the seating inside the venue itself - it's comfortable and intimate.  I've seen a few of my favorite acts here and every time I always leave happy with the venue, the management, and the crowd.  It's a great location and I wish there were more venues like this.  I'm glad Phoenix has something like this to boast.
It really doesn't get any better than Crescent! I have been saving up all these wonderful things to say in a review about Crescent Ballroom but, if I wait any longer I will never write it...

Every show, every experience at the bar, every encounter with the staff, it all just gets better all the time. Something in the water perhaps? 

This venue is the tits! The show room is so intimate. You can get up close and personal with your favourite artists or chill back in the stadium bleachers There's not a bad spot to stop and listen in the whole place. The sound, the lights, the temperature! Its all oddly perfect. You are never really standing on top of someone else and I really love that. But some sold out shows do get packed.

Los Dias de la Crescent was such a stand out event for me this past year. Really a unique experience at a venue other than a park. 

They have a good beer selection! Though they don't have Hop Knot on tap I can order it in a can or, in lieu, grab an Odells on draft. 

I have not had a chance to order food from the cocina but I have tried the nachos and they do not disappoint!

I try to see at least two shows a month here. No reason not to! So many great artist and at such an intimate venue. Stop over at Stinkweeds, pick up some tickets and get your bottom to a show!
The Crescent Ballroom is probably my absolute favorite place to see a show! It's very spacious, yet intimate. The sound system and acoustics *R*O*C*K*!!!!! The staff has always been really friendly and deliver the utmost in professional service. The layout includes all that you could want in the way of two bars, ballroom, restaurant, indoor/outdoor seating and the place has never given me so much as one reason to complain. Even the bathrooms are always in tip-top. What's more is that the place, as well as the performances booked there, attract a very interesting, eclectic and amiable group of people and I've met someone new and cool everytime I've been there. In short: *L*O*V*E* it!!!!!
Nice, large new venue, & decently priced. Sorry Marquee, I dont care to pay $25.00 to see local bands play.

Lots of seating in the front bar and a pretty nice patio. Loved that there is seating in the actual venue AND that if you use it, you can still see the bands!

they have some pretty tasty cocktails on the menu here that are available at the bar inside the actual venue or the regular bar.

The staff seemed to be very courteous, even w/ it being SO busy while we were there.

Depending on who's playing, we'll likely be back!
The crescent ballroom is awesome. I went once with my husband to a hip hop show, and I loved the way it was set up. We hung out outside for a while, loved seeing everyone who walked up right in front. The restaurant section is cool, we want to go some time during the day. The drinks were really reasonable and the bartender was great. The venue is a good size, and everything was set up really well.

I went one other time for a private event, which I did not know about previously. They had the restaurant and venue part shut off from each other and the guest's at the event didn't even realize there was another side.  I would definitely book this place up if I needed an awesome location and wanted to hire a live band to play. It was perfect.
I came here for March Fourth Marching Band. The boyfriend gave it 3.5 but any place that serves hard cider is a winner. The venue has good music and nice bleachers (although it is hard to see if you are on the first two levels). Lively crowd on a Friday, serves food, two bathroom options, and indoor/outdoor bar/eats outside the venue. Hipster vibe.
Really like this bar. It's very hipster, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Just some information for those who think Yelp is God. I love the setup of this place. Nice little patio outside on both sides, average-sized bar area, and then a separate room for shows. I really like seeing shows here. The sound system is great and they even have an area to sit if you don't feel like standing. The drinks are cheap and strong. I've only had their salsa (very good) so can't say much about the food, but I've heard good things. The music is always popping here and Sean Watson makes me smile when he goes on. He played Chromeo's "Tenderoni" one time when I was there and I danced so hard I nearly vomited.

If there's a spot you should hit when downtown, it's Crescent.
I love everything about this place. It would be a cool venue in any city, but considering it is the the entertainment wasteland that is Phoenix, the Crescent Ballroom is exceptional.

Most of the shows I've gone to in the past year have been either here or at the Marquee. Talk about opposite ends of the spectrum! Compare the friendly staff to the surly workers at the Marquee. The wonderful temperature control versus the sweltering heat. The clean, plentiful bathrooms instead of cesspool restrooms. And what about the free water stations, great cocktails, stadium seats, and a damn tasty veggie burro big enough for two?

All of these great elements make Crescent Ballroom a shining star in Cen Pho. In a town where venue after venue is shutting down, I couldn't be happier that this place is thriving.
I love Crescent - it's one of my resident third places.  They get great headliners and put on a wonderful two-day music festival for Dias de la Crescent in the summer (I sincerely hope this becomes a standing music festival in the Valley.)  I went to the Halloween Ball and New Year's Eve party where there was free cover and some terrific DJs.  The staff is terrific - the bouncers do a great job with crowd control and you can always get a bartenders attention.  Bathrooms are always clean and the lines usually move pretty quickly.  Drinks are reasonably priced ($4 g&ts) and they make some wonderful house creations such as the "Honeybadger."  Also, it attracts a great blend of people. You can wear just about anything and fit in. 

I have so many fond memories of this place and will continue to frequent it.  Crescent Ballroom is one of the coolest venues in Phoenix!
Hands down, my absolute favorite venue in all of the Valley.

I've seen about 6 or 7 shows here now.  It's a very intimate place, where even from the seating (stadium bleachers, for reals) you are still very much "there".  Pricing, including fees, are very reasonable.  I've rarely paid over $20 for a show, and one at that price even included the artist's new album (thanks, Donovan Frankenreiter!)

The food looks and smells delicious, though I've never ordered any yet. Plenty of lunch specials are advertised via Facebook.  Yes, I am a Facebook fan as well!  

I appreciate the help-yourself water and cups, so that the wait for drinks at the bar is not held up by a request for 10 waters. Mixed drinks (vodka press, at least) are an extremely reasonable $4 or $5.  Crazy cheap for a music venue. Beer selection is well-thought out as well.

Bathrooms are always clean and well-stocked...even at the end of the night.  Practically a miracle.

Staff is super friendly. Seriously.  This place has no flaws!

Parking is always an easy $5 cash payment at the lot across the street.  Easily accessible to the PHX Light Rail as well, but I've only gone that route once.

I notice most other reviews have lots of hipster references.  Can't say that I notice a huge influx of hipsters here versus other similarly sized music venues.  Could that mean that...I am.. *gasp*..a hipster myself?  Uhhh...I say nah...only because I don't own enough hats or mustache-inspired clothing/accessories to quality.  Yet.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
8 Food
9 Drinks
8 Service
10 Atmosphere
8 Value

Crescent is versatile, community-oriented, and delicious.  Interestingly, no single element of Crescent really blows me away, but rather it's a perfectly balanced and integrated effort which leads to a faultless and complete package.

Unfortunately, it's kind of an island with absolutely nothing else around it which simply adds to downtown's unexplorability, but the place itself is stellar.  The outdoor patio area is just right, despite staring at a giant parking garage.  While my favorite meal is the nachos with a Honey Badger, everything I've had has been good.
I really really like this spot, it reminds me of some hipster and cool spots throughout Brooklyn, NYC.  It is a cool live music venue meets Mexican restaurant.  The beers are tap are delicious and cheap in price.

I saw a very very good local band play during my first visit and the DJ in the front room always plays hot and upbeat music.

I love the crowd, the drinks, the music, and the vibe!!
This is a fun place to see a show or grab a drink.  So glad it opened in downtown Phoenix!
This is the best Bar, Music Venue in the Valley!  The waitress, bartenders are really friendly and good with getting you your order fast and accurate.  The Atmosphere here is amazing.  The mexican food here is amazing!
Such an incredible addition to Arizona. We are so lucky to have this place. I always order the nachos..
Stopped in here on a Saturday and it had a decent crowd. I like the small patio where you can enjoy the great Phoenix weather. The location is good too - in downtown near a lot of the sports venues etc.
I have been here 5 times now and have had a great experience every time.  The last show I saw there was Pinback and it was quite a good show.  What I thought was really cool was that Dry River Yacht Club was playing in the front room prior to the headliner.  The patio is great for hanging out and enjoying the weather, although it can get crowded.  Nice and intimate place to hear live music.  Not too big.  Great beer on tap and in cans and bottles.  I have heard good things about the food but haven't tried it yet.  It is definitely a place I will return to again and again.
I really like everything overall, but two things...the parking and how crowded it gets. But overall if it's a band your going to see, very nice for that.
Huge disappointment! I think they sold 2000 tickets for a 500 person venue. No room to move around. I had to wait in line for 20min just to move from the front part to the middle part of the venue. Then I had to wait another 10 min to get to the back. ....And now I just got kicked out for what I don't know. I asked the doorman what I did and he said "I can't tell you" I asked him again what I did so I don't do it again and his response was "we can do this the easy way or the hard way".... wow! Is this how an owner of a fine restaurant, "Pizza Bianca" runs an establishment? I'm sad to have to post this because I have heard nothing but good "word of mouth" about The Crescent. But after tonight I can see that they do not have a properly run business. THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!!.... In my opinion.
In town on business & stopped in for dinner and music on a Monday in Feb.  Food was great, establishment had character, waitress was cool, 3 free bands with places to sit or dance.  Highly recommended for a night out.
Lots of raves about the entertainment and ambiance here.  No doubt all deserved.  But I have to give this place 1 star, and that excludes all that.  

I went here one evening shortly before a show started.  I walked to the bar, with my wife in tow, and stood there....for about 10 minutes.   Other parties came and went, and the obviously busy bar-tenders attention swiveled between service calls and new arrivals, typically young women coming up to order...but they apparently never noticed us standing quietly directly in the center of the bar waiting to order.

Now this is a hard rule with me.  Ignore me, intentionally or not, fail to greet me and ask me if I want anything, within some reasonably decent time, and that place is forever off the 'go there' list.  We turned and left without a word, adding this otherwise interesting venue forever on the 'waste of time' list, along with a very small group of other places that fail to notice human beings standing four feet from them as if they weren't even there.  Trendy and 'cool' and 'hipster' do not begin to cover unconscionably rude and insulting, and pretentious comes more to mind under the circumstances.  If you are too busy to serve would be patrons, you're heading for trouble.
This is a great venue to see live music, in a semi-intimate setting and a good design.  They pull in many acts that are perfect to see in this size venue.
As far as venues go this is the place to catch a show!!!! Great space makes for awesome interaction with the groups! They bring in some lesser known amazing indie artists! The selection of beer is descent for a show venue.  

The front bar seems like a really cool place but I rarely stay with all the other cool places downtown.  The DJ sound setup seems to need some work.  The music was pretty distorted.
This venue works as a bar, a restaurant and for live music. We went for drinks and to see Billy Bragg play. I really enjoyed myself from the moment we got here. Great people watching, good drinks, good service, and the show was top notch (lighting and sound). I will return to sample the grub soon.
Great venue, also a really nice place to hang out and grab some drinks and food.
Great music , drinks and food. Even though I didn't see the show that night, the place screams, "why aren't there more places like this in downtown Phoenix!" 

Best thing, it's less the two blocks off the Van Buren light rail stop!!

Will keep going!
Seriously, this place rocks. Great venue, pretty darn good drinks and food. Service is also pretty good and atmosphere (for Phoenix) is fantastic. Extremely hip, and has quite the variety of concerts. While I have not been inside the main stage area, you can here the music throughout the venue/restaurant. 

Fantastic deals on happy hour- recommend the Honey Badger if you're a fan of ginger beer, ginger whiskeys, etc etc. 

As always I wish the drinks were a bit stronger but that's just how bars go I'd say. My one complaint is that I was really hassled at the entrance on being 21. I have a CA vertical ID, so I guess in AZ that looks a bit suspicious, but seriously?! You need to go check for five minutes, make me move into the light, shine a flashlight in my face, and question me repeatedly? I get you have a job but bro, chill. Can't you just swipe it in the computer or something?

That being said, for having only been in the PHX area for a couple months, so far this is my favorite place for drinks.
Came to Phoenix from San Francisco specifically for a show at the Crescent Ballroom - and what an awesome venue. 

Love the outdoor seating and the drinks were great. They poured hefty servings of Glenlivet 12 and their Crescent Crush house cocktail - their take on a Greyhound - and served in a pint glass was dangerously delicious. 

The ballroom was perfect - small and loud. 

Definitely coming back.
My favorite venue in Phoenix, if not the world. Prices are fantastic, staff is generally friendly, sound system is amazing. Most of all, whoever is in charge of booking has some of the best music taste on this planet. I love that they bring in acts that are experimental, weird and crazy, not to mention the many popular "hipster" acts. Security folks treat you decent and I don't feel like I'd ever have a problem with them. 

Food is pretty good, not the best, but I'm more happy with their drink selection and price range. It's always a privilege to come here and I hope other venues take note.
What a great venue! It's as if someone said to themselves "perhaps we shouldn't do everything as cheap as humanly possible, they'll come anyway". Instead, real thought went into basics like the vibe and general look and feel of the place, their relatively small but quite tasty and well-priced menu, their friendly staff, and even the layout of their main stage area. 

Thoughtfulness basically permeates Crescent from top to bottom and it made a concert more fun than the normal sweaty, angry ragefest most shows tend to be, to the extent that a venue can control that.

Enjoyed myself and enjoyed that they really knew what they were doing up and down the line. As venues go, probably my favorite in the state now.
Hands down, the best music venue in all of AZ. They have a constant flow of amazing bands and artists, their food is delicious (you can't go wrong with a burrito conceptualized and created from the chef/owner of Pizzeria Bianco), their drinks are poured and priced right, and the staff is typically very friendly. Sound quality during the shows is always right on, and the space itself is really nice. Definitely not dingy or a dirty hole-in-the-wall like a few other PHX music venues.

The only downside I can think of is that parking can be an issue. Try to get there early and you won't have to drive around looking for a space too long.
Obsessed. Cannot say it enough. Always friendly, super helpful and the venue rocks. The staff is awesome and the people interesting to look at. I always meet fun people there
I have a fabulous time every time I come here ! A very relaxed venue with superb acoustics, and the bands who play here are outstanding!
came here for dinner and a free show last Sunday. we unknowingly arrived in the middle of their trivia night. as far as trivia questions go - these were hard! I play bar trivia occasionally and I usually know at least a few answers. I don't think I knew a single question they asked here! and I thought it was weird that they ask ALL the questions and don't even tell you the answers until the very end. if I had been playing I would've gone crazy with frustration wanting to know what the correct answer was! it seems like the people participating were enjoying themselves though. I believe the prizes for winning trivia are a $25 gift certificate or two tickets to a show.

the food: nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about either. I ordered the quesadilla, to which I added steak. they shouldn't really call it "steak" because it was shredded beef. only other ingredient inside the quesadilla was a lot of cheese. it came with a side of chips and salsa and a huge scoop of sour cream. I might come here for food again, but it's nothing notably delicious.

the show: their stage/venue is really awesome with the seated bleachers in the back and standing room in the front. I love how intimate and small the stage is. we saw three local bands perform for free; they were all very different musically but I enjoyed them all. if a band I liked was playing I would definitely come back to catch them play!
I went here once with one of my friends whom loves this place; however, this was not a place for me. The music was very loud in the lounge area and the place was uncomfortably over crowded.
Oh how I do love Crescent! This place is the best and most appealing music venue that I've been to in AZ so far...but the good news doesn't stop there - the food is amazing as well! I've had burritos, quesadillas, and burrito bowls, all of which have been amazing. The bean dip, however, is what I'd boast about all day. That and the honey badger of course =).
I think I'm in love... Not quite sure, ...no, I'm pretty sure, it's love.
I've been looking for this venue. - I just didn't know it, till I arrived.

I've recently just started going to the Crescent Ballroom for local shows, and live music, after hearing about the venue from friends sometime early last year. - I've been to three shows since, with each one better than the one before it.

First of all, it's cozy. It's "mid-sized", seating 300-500 people. It's not huge and impersonal like a lot of phoenix venues I've been to. This place has character, and style, and I like the freedom of enjoying a drink (or two) on the patio, while readying for the show to start.

It's seriously one of the best live music venues I've been to. It's great to be able to see a decent show, in a local venue, without all the fuss of a stadium or arena setting. 

They have a lounge. This area, separate from the venue's main concourse, is where you can order food and drinks, and is where the tables, patio and bar are located.

Their full-sized bar is staffed with super quick, friendly and knowledgable servers. In addition to your regular bar/venue fair, they also offer a decent selection of house specialty drinks. I've ordered both the honey badger, and the casa blanca, and would highly recommend either to a friend. I definitely intend on returning to try more of their tasty concoctions.

Their Happy Hour is from M-F from 4:30-6pm, which gets you $2 PBR's, $3 well drinks, $3 Drafts or $1 off other drinks.

If you're looking for a fun weekend night out, or a mid-week break from the norm, definitely check this place out.
I love everything about crescent ballroom, and I wish every band in phoenix came through here. Seriously. Everything is great. Perfect. Awesome. I love crescent!!!
This is a great place to see a show. 

Could use more restrooms.
I can't even begin to say how needed the Crescent Ballroom was in Phoenix. It's about time we had a nice, amazing small music venue where I can see all my favorite bands and not break the bank. I can even try out bands I haven't heard before. All in an intimate setting where I can be so close to Ra Ra Riot that my photos make me look as if I was part of the press.

I find myself going to so many more shows than I did before, and I get to have a burrito while I'm there too. Who doesn't want a burrito while they're at a show? NO ONE. And you can order it without leaving the concert space, because there's a bar in the back.

Most of the space is standing room, but there are bleachers in the back too and some small tables also. The sound is amazing and I've never once been to a show I didn't like. 

I'm in love.
Great entertainment! Great bartenders! Great ambiance !
This was my first time here. We saw Robert Earl Keen and he was hilarious and fun. Great bar and really cool concert area. I was told they had an outdoor area too and would love to go see someone and have it be outside.

We had some good drinks and had a quesadilla as a snack. It was good bar food - not sure how you can mess up a quesadilla either.

Definitely will be back and hope its outside next time.
Here to see Mergence!!  Great show, amazing venue... excellent service.  Whats not to like!?
Very fun, upbeat place to hang out with a group of friends!

I've actually had a couple of friends perform at Crescent Ballroom, and hear that most other performers/shows end up being pretty entertaining as well.

Service and food were so-so, but didn't take away from the overall experience. Looking forward to my next visit here!
The chicken burrito is an absolute must. I hear the burgers are amazing.. its hard to change it past the burrito tho, so maybe I will explore some time! The ambience is awesome. The venue is good ( Ive only attended one show and it was outside). The drinks are pretty amazing- they are strong! Selection on tap could be better, but they make up for it in other canned beers and liquors. If you're trying to have a relaxing beverage after work, make sure you leave before the crowd because it will get packed and LOUD. The bartenders are pretty cool, I have to say that the majority of the women bartenders are somewhat snobby... but they probably deal with a lot of BS from guys hitting on them. But this bar has become my cheers bar! They also give away tix on Thurs (used to be Tues) during lunch. But get there early and ASK- don't assume they will offer them to you (learned this the hard way after loosing the opportunity for some prime tickets I specifically went for and they were gone).
Best music venue I've found since I've been in AZ.  Solid cocktails and food too.  A nice spot with a positive vibe even if you're not there to see a show.
One of my favorite places to see a show.
Every time I go to Spain, I have to check out flamenco. The traditional Spanish dance is so beautiful and full of spirit, with colorful costumes, energetic music, and emotive singing. While you can catch it weekly at Pepin in Scottsdale, I was really smitten with a recent flamenco performance I saw at Crescent Ballroom, which features free flamenco every Saturday night from 6-8 p.m.

The performances are done by local flamenco dance troupe Flamenco Por La Vida. When I went, there were two ladies and a guy tearing it up on the small stage at Crescent's lounge area, and they alternated dancing while a guitarist strummed. It was captivating and intimate, and about as close as you can get to an authentic Spanish experience. Sip on some of Crescent's sangria, and enjoy!

Also, besides the awesome flamenco -- I'm in love with Crescent's food (the chips and burritos are amazing!), and the sound and atmosphere at the concerts is always high-quality and friendly. It's an all-in-one amazing place!
I went to a seminar here and as that didn't thrill me so much I made a move to the bar area to see what that was about. 

Crafty drinks, nice conversational atmosphere, and the food was killer.

Highly recommend the guac! Nice and chunky so you could see it was just made in house.  I couldn't make my mind up on what burrito so I went with the tacos.  The plate comes with 3 so I went with the barbacoa and al pastor.. They load each one up with meat and the toppings are prime.  Ill definitely be back
Crescent is the BEST venue for a show in Phoenix. The seating, the space, the sound -- it all comes together perfectly. Crescent can even accommodate a small music fest with their outdoor stage set up.  You never have to wait too long for a drink at the bar and this venue is always clean. 

My friends and I mostly come here on the weekends for cheap drinks/house wine and their bar food menu. If you haven't yet, go ahead and try the nachos or the bean and cheese burrito and tell me it's not the best bar food you've ever had. 

They have different music nights (e.g. Funk Night) during the week. You can dance if you want to.
Nice venue for a show with a separate lounge and outdoor seating area. Good service and great bands. Get out and support downtown Phoenix.
Sweet music venue. Plenty of diversity on the shows. Overall the music sounds awesome! It's not to large of a place so no matter were you are at you are getting your moneys worth with sound and stage presence. Also I love the bench seats at the rear!
The Wife took me here for a Date Night to see her band ZZ Ward and have a few drinks. We both really enjoyed the ease and simplicity of the whole experience. Parking is right out back for around $5. Tickets for the show were $15 each and both the drinks and food were very affordable and tasty.

Inside has a small lounge up front where you can enjoy some good eats and drinks. You can even hear the bands playing in certain areas without getting a ticket. There is also a small patio that you can use if you need to light one up or just get some fresh air.

The bands are in the middle section and it is a rather large area. Most of the people listening are standing up by the stage and you can move around wherever you want to go. There are also some bleachers along the wall if want to listen sitting down. Really like the cool bar area in the back when you need a quick refill and the easy access bathrooms when it is time to go. Nice!

This particular show was sold out and packed to the rim. Even with a full crowd it was still a very enjoyable event. The sound is pretty amazing no matter where you listen. It does have a tendency to get pretty loud at times so you may want to bring some ear plugs as an option.

Get there early so you can goof off and work on your buzz. The music can go for a few hours depending on the length of the sets and who is playing. We both ordered the giant Lalo Guerrrero Burger to soak up some suds before the main act and it was delicious.

Don't tell the wife but I thought ZZ Ward was really CUTE and could easily be my new Yelp Current Crush. Definitely will be back for another show soon. Check online for tickets and schedules. COOL MAN!

4.5 STARS
This is my spot! I come here quite often. Cheap drinks, fun & friendly staff. Just don't be a drunk douchebag and they won't mess with you. It's simple.
Oh hey there awesome music venue. You host amazing local and big time artists on top of serving ridiculously good food?! Yeah, I'm gonna be a regular. 

This place is the best thing to happen to downtown Phoenix since....I don't know, the invention of misters. Seriously, if you enjoy live music, great people, and delicious food, then this is the place for you. I love the diversity in musicians that they are able to book and their friggin tortas are out of this world. Not to mention, the rice pudding is the best I've ever had - and I'm a Latin woman who loves rice pudding. So please don't take this lightly. This. Is. The. Bomb. Rice. Pudding. 

I love it here. I bring all of my out of town friends here. And I hope this never closes down because if it does, I'm moving.
This place is funny.  First order of business is sangria with cinnamon-- yes please.  It's always full of characters that I usually meet at the bar or in line for the bathroom...Criss Angel wannabes, some dude in a giant bear costume, men with German accents, my favorite waiter from Hula's...and that's the other thing, I feel like I run into people I vaguely know here, which is fun because I feel like I haven't really found that sort of place elsewhere in Phoenix.  The drawback is I'm never sure if I'm supposed to talk or dance or listen to the band, but maybe I'm just going at a weird time in the night slash overthinking this whole going out business.
Respectable southwestern restaurant by day, intimate indie venue by night. Crescent is the spot for shows too big for a cramped little shack like Trunk Space, but too small for one of those uncontrollable, rowdy venues like Marquee. 

I came here early for a Cold War Kids show and hit the bar. If anyone has ever done some drinking at a concert, you'll appreciate prices here. $5 for a 12 oz craft beer is more than fair, I've paid tons more for a Bud freaking Light elsewhere. I indulged in the $2 "Mystery Shot". No regrets, I think it ended up being some sweet, flavored vodka. Just note that even *after* taking it, the bartenders are still in the dark about what it is. Just prepare for something different in case it's something crazy like pepper SoCo!

Anyways, the sound is top notch, it attracts a good crowd, and I have zero complaints whatsoever about my experience. You hear that, Crescent? You're PERFECT. Don't. Change. Anything.
My friends and I ended up here on Monday with two friends after we found Fuego Bistro at CityScape closed for the night.  

I had never eaten here before so I was excited for the opportunity to try their menu.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos.  The blackened seasoning was to my liking - just black enough but not burn my mouth spicy.  My friend J ordered a blackened fish taco and a veggie taco.  She raved about the veggie taco so much I got order envy so I'm going to make sure I order them next time.  S had a bean and cheese burrito and after saying how good it was she offered us each a taste.  It was a very good burrito.  I usually find the tortilla overpowers the filling but this tortilla was strong enough to do its job but thin enough to get out of the way.  

Our waiter asked if we wanted salsa and brought us both red and salsa verde.  The red salsa is not to be trifled with - it is SPICY!  

Sorry Fuego, maybe next time!
Totally sick place- good food, cheap drinks, interesting beers on tap and friendly staff.

Came here before a show, drank and had a good time hanging out in a chill place, came back after the show for an after party. It was rammed with tons of people dancing to a DJ- no one was pushy or rude...pretty cool crowd. The drinks were being poured spicy. Like super spicy. Just how I like it. I'm pretty sure someone poured me straight rum. Thanks! (next day...not so much)....
I love the Crescent Ballroom.  It's a very small venue where you can have the chance to see some really amazing artists.  I have been to 4 concerts there this year, and every one was fantastic.  I love that they have a bar inside the concert area.

The attached restaurant is also delicious.  You will recognize the food from Gallo Blanco, which is one of my personal favorites in Phoenix.  The happy hour specials are pretty good.  I also had the chance to check out a free flamenco performance there this past Saturday.  It was so cool!  They perform weekly, and I highly recommend checking it out.
I've visited Crescent Ballroom for 3 concerts this year. Cold War Kids (twice!) and Blackalicious. All shows were great! The first CWK show was actually the carnivale electric event in the spring. Although it was outdoors and POURING rain the entire time, it was a great set up and a lot of fun was had. 

The other 2 shows indoors were awesome, as well. Great sized, intimate venue that brings to town some great, indie acts. The crowd has always been great and I love that they have the bar area near the stage and the under age area up front for all ages shows. I took my daughter to see CWK the 2nd time and we got to be right up front without showing up 2 hours early!! :) She loved it, as did I...mainly because I wasn't watching in the rain this time around. 

I will continue to check their schedule and hope to make one of their trivia nights or even just pop in for an impromptu concert some time. Who knows, I might find a great new act to follow!
Been here more and more in the past few months. I have yet to see a show here, but I have enjoyed a few adult beverages and some food here. Drinks are cheap and they are made swiftly. I believe I had the veggie burrito, which did not come out as swiftly, but was damn tasty. The salsas they have for the table are quite amazing. So amazing, that I may or may not know someone who decided to "borrow" them for future use. 

Hipster central, so just be prepared for a lot of flannel, beanies, and skinny jeans. Lines for the bathrooms are a staple.

I would like to catch a show here in the very near future, but they do have some fairly decent DJs on Friday and Saturday nights.
Cool place for a show.
Great sound.
Cool service.
Full bar.
Parking is not terrible if you get there early.
This place reminds me of a place I used to see shows at when I was younger.  It's a very small venue accommodating maybe 500 or so. I've been there about a dozen times. I've never eaten there except for this past week. I couldn't see the menu very well, it had some small print and I refuse to wear glasses... yeah, vain, I know. Anyway, I saw hamburger and confirmed that it would not have onions or pork. It had some kind of aioli and lightly sauted green peppers. OMG, It was a delicious burger. That, and a few beers was like $20. The beer in the venue was $3.50. What? In a concert venue? I had a someone bad experience when they had a concert out back. Just a little disorganized. But, I am a fan of this place overall. Great job and it's nice to have live music in Phoenix, especially in a venue like this.
Great spot for indie acts, and drinking with your friends.

While I haven't had the food, I've planned a pretend meal here. You know what I'm talking about? You read the menu, fantasizing about what you'll eat there when you go next time. Hey, if a menu can inspire that, I'm bout it.

Anywho - It's mostly the people here that keep me coming back. Fun crowd always.
Was here on Thursday, 12/11/2013, to see French Horn Rebellion.  Very nice beer selection, and VERY impressed with the barbacoa tacos with the guacamole that I had.  Delicious!  Staff was very nice and engaging, and the crowd was very pleasant and courteous (people complimented me on my dancing :) ), like people have already said.  I'm definitely coming back here again.
The carne asada tacos were amazing, reminded me of the ones in Mexico! Only thing that killed this place for me was they forgot the side of rice my girlfriend ordered, and when we finally received it the Mexican rice was undercooked, great in flavor, just super crunchy!
Going on a Friday night the concert was sold out, and the main food area was packed. The age group was about 18-25, and reading the other review about being hipster central is no lie. There were no tables to lounge around and enjoy the scene. I will have to go see an actual concert here though. The place looks really upscale and clean. Great atmosphere. Just a little cramped space though.
Stopped by their patio for a City employee retirement party and was impressed with the attention the servers as well as the house management gave us.  Drinks were fair and appetizers (especially the guacamole - has mandarin oranges in it) tasty.  Someone in our party who had been there before commented that all the food is great, explaining that the chef from Bianco is the one who works here.  Happy hour has great prices.  Will probably come back whenever I get the chance.
Decided to take my gf here after someone told me about the place and the music. It was only 10 bucks per person and no eat or drink minimum which was good since we'd already gotten dinner. Very surprised by the wide age groups of the people there, not sure if there grand-kids were performing or if they just liked alternative rock. 
I almost never go to any sort of music venue so it was a fun experience, in all honestly I went to see Jim Adkins is some capacity but I don't know if I missed him cause we were got there around 8:15 or what. 

Other people seemed to really be enjoying themselves and having a good time and we were too but I'm not into overtly loud sounds just for the sake of it being loud (we sit in the very back) but it was really loud (I could feel the vibrations in my chest at times) for an enclosed music venue with only like 100-125 people there. Gospal Claws was fun and I would have stayed longer to listen to their whole thing and maybe see Adkins but I decided an hour and a half was enough volume overload for my ears so we left. They were very nice and thanked us for coming as we left.

 I'm sure people more accustomed to concerts and whatnot don't have a problem with the volume but I literally had no choice other than leaving or dealing with the sound since there was no way for us to physically go further back without leaving the music hall.
Not only a great place to see a show, but a well rounded small menu makes this cozy spot a plus. With a Mexican center, their menu has many spicy eats as well as a a good drink list. Pair that with the constant love music and cool vibe to give you a great place to go after a long day at work or a night out.
Went for Mj vs. Prince event 1/4. I had high hopes for this and I was really let down. The event did not even start til after 11pm on a Friday night (hello most peeps have worked all day.) The pre-dj was better than the mj vs. Prince dj only thing is that he wasn't allowed to play any of music we paid to hear. Sad part is that many people left after waiting so long because they were tired of waiting. This event had a ton of patrons and could been a blast. Instead I was walking out by midnight. Hopefully another establishment will take on this genre and revamp the idea!
I've been to Crescent several times, but on this last visit, I noticed just how old I am. 

I literally could not handle the sound level of the music. My first move was to rummage through my purse to see if there was anything to stick in my ears. For some reason, I actually had ear plugs in my purse. I guess when you turn 30, you just start carrying crap like that around. Unfortunately, my boyfriend does not carry ear plugs or a man purse to put them in. So our second move, was to go outside on the patio. When people started smoking around us, we were forced back inside ... because smelling like smoke is now something I avoid like the plague. Then we sat on a bench and decided that if we were just going to sit there and talk to each other, we might as well go home. 

Now that is sad. 

I would definitely recommend this place to see a band, but for the love of God, the music in the front room is so loud it hurts. It's just not worth the hearing damage. 

Yes, I turned 31 last month.
Crescent is definitely one of my favorite venues for shows but their lounge is great as well. They have small but comparable drink menu, I love the Four Peaks Peach Ale. As for appetizers I also go with their chips and salsa, a favorite snack of mine. It comes with fresh thick and crispy tortilla chips and two types of salsa. One is a salsa verde that is very fresh and delicious and the second is a red salsa that is spicy,  garlicky, and delicious! In the past I ordered their chicken tacos for dinner which were very good, last time I ordered their Sinaloa Seafood Chowder and I was wonderful! It came with perfectly cooked chunks of fish, shrimp, tomatoes and other yummy vegetables. My boyfriend always orders their bean and cheese burrito which he always loves. If you're going for a show definitely come early to catch a yummy bite to eat!
I saw Volcano Choir here last night. It's my first time visiting Phoenix, and this was just part of an all-around great experience. Excellent venue. Intimate and on the small side, but never crowded (it was a sold-out show). Staff was friendly, and everyone I encountered was courteous and behaved themselves.  It made for a spectacular show.
Came here for a burrito bowl. It was good, but not really worth the lightrail trip from Tempe to Phoenix. Try the Honey Badger drink though.
Sorry but this place should not be called a ballroom just because there is one disco ball inside. It is a more casual place kind of hipster. I would change the name to something else because crescent ballroom sounds too glamorous for what it actually is.
I love this place! The people they hire are so friendly and helpful, it is always clean and the music is excellent all.the.time! 

The only draw back is parking, but it is not a far walk from the light-rail. 

One of my very most favorite places in the city!
It was a very nice atmosphere. The food was really good! We ordered to I-10 nachos and that order was huge! It was really filling and we also ordered the steak burrito which was also really good but for 9 $, it could be a little bigger. Don't forget to read through the sides because they have a few selections of special sauces that you can try
I've seen some great bands at the Cresent ballroom. The fact that the food is top notch just adds to why we love this venue.
My favorite spot for a stiff drink and good company. Also this place rules for shows. The staff is amazing and always has our back. If you're looking for a friendly atmosphere and a cool crowd, this is your spot. I love it.
I love it here!! Great place to catch indie, hipster, upcoming, and even popular acts. Sound system is great. Multiple bars. If it's a special event, they open the back patio up so you can catch multiple acts AND have a drink. There is always live music, any night you go in, guaranteed a band is playing. 

Every bartender  I've encountered makes a mean drink and is super friendly, even if you're one of the annoying "no close it out" and return 20 minutes later for another round types. It's also pretty damn cheap for downtown. Tall cans of Stella are $5, $4 during happy hour. Most drinks are around $5-6. 

They have trivia on Sunday nights, shit gets wild. 

Oh and the food!! The menu was conceived by the evil geniuses at Gallo Blanco so you know this ish is good. Huge portions, tasty, and cheap!! I think everything is under $10! Basically, I love you Crescent.
13 of us ate outside and had a wide variety of food. Everyone thought their food was very good. A few local people had never heard of the place and will be back. The rest of us were from out if town and when we come back we will eat here again. 
Can't really comment on the bands as we sat at the end of the gated area outside.
What a totally cool place! We went last night to see a concert, I had never been there.
Parking was easy, parking lots all over the place down there. The venue was ventilated well, not too smoky. If you choose to get there early, you can claim a seat on the wooden bleachers. Or arrive anytime and stand during the music. We stood, no big deal.
Bar was well stocked, great beers, wine, etc. Prices beyond fair. Sound quality was fine. Just a really cool place! We'll go back for sure!
Have you ever experienced that moment where you realize you're not half as cool as you think you are? Yeah... well Crescent Ballroom did that for me. 

The first and only time I've come here, was to play Bingo. That statement alone should be enough evidence to myself and anyone else who will listen that my days of coolness have passed. If they ever existed at all.

This place is pretty sweet. I had dinner before Bingo because grandpa (me) knew it might be a late night and I didn't want to eat after I left here. Doing something like that would lead to a night of indigestion and no sleep. Psssh... who needs that in their life. Am I right? 

I tried the carne asada quesadilla and it was unexpectedly good. I would eat here again without a doubt. 

The Bingo was played in the concert area. I'm not gonna lie... it was fun. The event was put on by Jackalope Ranch and emceed by the National Comedy Theater of Phoenix. They did a great job. Funny people. Especially this guy Marcus. Hilarious.
 
They were all about audience participation. Like it or not. I was actually glad I never won a hand of Bingo because then you had to go up on stage and try to match wits with a trained comedian. I don't need that in my life. I'm the kind of person who thinks of a comeback 3 days later. It was a lot of fun though. 

Crescent Ballroom seems like it would be an amazing live music venue. I checked the calendar and there was not one band that I knew. Oh, wait... except the Toadies. You know the "hipster" line, you wouldn't know who they are... Well they're right. I don't. 

Bottom line is that this place is cool. A solid 4. Hopefully one day a band I know will play here and I can bump it to a 5. Until then I'll live in happy acceptance that my days of coolness are behind me.
Excellent place for lunch

The space is fun and the price is right at about $12 a person for lunch.  Service staff is cool and never leave you waiting for long.  The Arnold Palmer was perfect.  Space would not lend well to large groups of more than eight, though.  

Short menu of food options.  Ordering two single tacos is just the right amount of food and are tasty, though the pork was a bit tough.  Others in our group liked the burgers and the burrito.

Fudge with chocolate sauce was a hit for our person celebrating a birthday.
Wow, really impressed with this place. The barbacoa tacos were phenomenal!! Juicy, succulent, savory.

I also ordered their version of a margarita, Which has a little but of orange in it. It was super delicious and refreshing.
we went to the cresent ballroom for a railroad earth show on my husband's birthday.

parking was relatively easy to find down the street, so that was a plus.

there was a bar/dining area in the front, and then the main ballroom where the show was. it fit a lot of people. i believe there are seats you could have paid for that are bench style if you're not for standing up at a concert.

the only thing i wasn't super stoked about was that the patio allowed smokers and it wafted into the bar area.
Attended the Brett Dennen show on 3/17/14 and was really impressed by this venue. As a pretty regular visitor to all types of live music events, I think that I have a new favorite place to see a live show. Pretty much everything said by previous reviewers was true.
The sound is top notch.
The staff is customer-friendly at a level that I find perfect. Everyone I came in contact with was friendly and laid-back. Not over-the-top phony friendly and definitely  not a "billy bad-ass" attitude to be found anywhere (hear that Club Red?)
The bar prices are very reasonable and even at a sold-out show the wait at the bar was never more than a minute. 
For a bar with live music, the whole place is extremely clean. Even the restrooms are in good shape. It doesn't even have that old spilled beer smell. 
Didn't try any of the food so can't comment on that. 
Highly recommend for live music.
I went there for the first time last night to see VNV Nation.

Without a doubt, this is the nicest venue which I've been to in the Phoenix Valley.

They serve alcohol.  They have lots of good alcohol.  They have lots of different beers.  The bartenders actually made good drinks.  This is especially important to me because it seems that the other venues either don't serve alcohol or they only have a small selection, most of which is garbage.  There is also a bar with multiple bartenders ~50 feet from the stage!

Atmosphere is very nice.  They did an excellent job planning the acoustics and the sound system.  The sound was fantastic.

Regarding the bathrooms, my wife actually approved, which is a first for her.

Another perk -- they have raised seating (benches?) along the back wall.

The only con -- it was wicked hot by the end of the show ... and it's only the end of March.
what a cool spot! we had tix to see John Spencer Blues Explosion and we arrived early to get a bite to eat. 

it wasn't crowded (yet) on a thursday night so we had plenty of outdoor dining. our service was quick and friendly, but......if you have tix to a show, DON'T FORGET!!!!!....there is a 25% off coupon on your ticket! we didn't realize this and thus missed out on a great discount.

the food was latin flair...chips/salsa, street tacos, burritos. all very tasty and moderately priced. their happy hour deals looked great.

the music venue is just off the restaurant. it's a great little space, mostly standing room. if you get there early, you can snag one of the wooden bleacher seats. there is a full bar in the music venue, along with restrooms. the sound quality was pretty good i thought, but since it's a small area, i highly recommend earplugs (i'm over 40 and that tip was for all the youngsters out there).
Fantastic guacamole! Great choice of music!
Amazing little venue. Saw Neutral Milk Hotel here and it was one of the best shows I've ever been to! I love how there were water stations lit up around the whole stage. It's small but I kind of like that; it seems more personal that way.
They must have recently hired a new crew. Last two times I've been there, there's one girl in particular who is insufferably rude. 

PRO TIP: bring cash for the bars. Every time I go there, my card either gets charged twice or I get overcharged.
I have nothing negative to say about this place!This Place is wonderful! If My husband and I have nothing to do and wants to go somewhere fun and pleasant this is our #1 choice because we are never disappointed the Food,drinks,location and mostly the Music is great This bar is Comfortable very casual and there
Is always good Music there,this is the place to be people I highly recomend this place go Go !!!
This is a review for the lounge:
Saw flamenco dancing here on a Saturday evening. Great show. Happy hour!

Try the chips and salsa here--surprisingly good! (especially for 2 bucks!!!!) Chips were thickly cut tortilla, didn't break easily. Two kinds of salsa...verde (tomatillo) and red (I'm showing my white-ness here because I couldn't determine what kind of pepper made up the red salsa...it was nice and spicy though!).

Had the honey badger drink. Waaaaay to sweet for me. Waitress was kind enough to take it off our bill since I didn't drink it. They have some very interesting whiskey drinks on the menu that my friends ordered (and I got to taste).
I've seen Tyrone Wells, Tyler Hilton, and London Grammar here and the sound is great. Also love that it is a fairly intimate venue. It's also not a bad idea to get to the show early to check out Cocina 10's happy hour for great deals on amazing food such as their fish tacos. Super nice employees. As an ASU student I can park for free with my permit in an ASU lot nearby.
This is the perfect venue for seeing bands perform in an intimate setting. I have seen many of my favorite artists perform here, and it is crazy how close I can get to the stage without feeling claustrophobic. It is also great to enjoy food and drinks in the first room before a show. I recommend their burger - delicious! Parking is easy to find in the area, some meters as well as residential parking a block away.
Horrible experience! I went there to try to have dinner and watch live flamenco for my birthday last night. I was my first time there and I was really excited because I read all of the amazing reviews this place has. I stepped in and the place was full which was understandable but my friend and I where literately standing for 15 minutes without being acknowledged. Several servers walked by, stared at us and never once approached us to ask if we needed anything or perhaps to tell us that the place was closing soon because they did have a sold out event right after flamenco which I was aware of before going in. Needless to say that my friend and I where confused, felt awkward, and left very disappointed in the place and we did not even get to try their food!
The staff is friendly and the food is good.  There was a band playing but we didn't watch them.  We stayed in the lounge and had a late dinner.  Prices are good.  Five stars because they use Tilamook cheese.  My fave!!
For A small club. It's very user friendly. Great staff. Street parking. Old and young. Everyone feels welcome.
I've been to the Crescent twice now and both visits were "rad". Like that? It's hipster lingo. If you don't like it, this may not be your scene.

I'm kidding.  I think it'd take a very particular type of person not to like this place. I mean, the food is excellent (I had the mouth-watering Lalo burger, with sauted green peppers and melted cheddar cheese) and the look of the place is neat; I'm guessing it was an old mechanic shop long ago. Last but not least, this place gets some of the best musicians I know of to play here, and they're kind enough to stream the music live from the show inside to those outside (who may have not bought their tickets before the show was completely soldout - heh).  From 90's acts with cult followings such as the Dandy Warhols and Eels to up-and-coming indie stars like Phantogram and Allah-Las, this place gets the shows I want to see. 
I'll be returning many more times.
The Crescent Ballroom is a great place to get a drink, eat and see your favorite band.  Really a good downtown vibe. When you first enter, you have the restaurant and bar - which is great. The next room in the back is the main stage for events. Love this venue for music, great hangout!
Great food, perfect music venue and super fun Sunday trivia night! I'm happy to say I frequent this establishment weekly.
I have only been to Crescent to see live music, never for food. But if you're looking for a fun venue to check out a new band, this place is great. It provides an intimate setting to see music and it's easy to get up close to the band if that's your style. It is a bit of a "hipster" scene, but that makes the people-watching more fun. Also, the drinks are fairly priced. I'd like to go back for Trivia night and to try some food.
First time going to Crescent and really enjoyed the smaller venue. The artists interacted great with the crowd. The drinks were reasonably priced with quick service. Seating for those who don't want to stand but everyone has a view. Come early and grab some food on the front patio or inside. Overall a fun experience and will definitely be coming back, can't believe I waited so long to show up.
Love the bartenders Jamie and Mary. Awesome fun ladies. GREAT service and good vibes!!! Love the quesadilla.
Second time at Crescent for a concert, it was equally a mess to get in....so hot and stuffy inside the ballroom. We left early although the sound system is great and the artist we saw was awesome...it was too hot to stay longer.
My favorite small music venue in Phoenix! Great place to catch Phoenix live local music.
There's never a bad night at the crescent ballroom. I really enjoy the music that they bring in and I love the intimacy of the concerts. Please don't change!
As my girl and I leave Gilbert in search of some live music we head all the way downtown to check out C.B. TOTALLY worth the trip and glad we made the journey. So nice to see a live music venue that isn't a total dive.  Great crowd,  great food and our server was knowledgable THANKS LAUREN!  Glad to see the live music scene is 100% dead in this valley. We'll be back!!!
Small, intimate venue for shows/concerts in the middle of downtown. The bar is located at the end of the ballroom, near the bathrooms. There are three rows of "stadium" seating toward the back, facing the stage. Overall, clean, cute atmosphere and cheap drinks - $5 for my usual vodka cranberry. Had a great time seeing Yus, Mas Ysa, and EMA here - and Crescent Ballroom made the event free - which was awesome!
We absolutely love everything about Crescent.  We've been about 5 times now and always looking to go back.  Intimate setting with patio and front restaurant/bar and full service bar in the venue portion.  Food is really good and inexpensive.  Shows are always really inexpensive with a close up experience and quality sound.  Love the quaintness and service.  Well run place and highly recommended!
Went to the opening of this a couple weeks ago.

1st, let me just say that its awesome to have another live music venue in Tempe. 

2nd, it's great to have another theater in town (w/ the recent departure of TLT).

Although they weren't serving food or drinks yet, the cafe space looked phenomenal. The graffiti work on the walls is gorgeous, and there are plenty of tables and couchs for people to sit at. It's nice to have a space to "get away" from the bands that are playing to have a conversation, but still be able to enjoy the music.

I love the side gallery too, what a great idea. 

The stage looked great too. Good for bands and just the right depth for an actual theatrical production. 

The counter bar in the middle of the room is very cool. With pub tables as well, it gives the feel of being back at Last Exit while a band is playing and like youre in a kitchy club for all other avant garde performances.

Hope to see more local bands there as well as theater!
Great new multi-purpose entertainment facility that just opened. They just started serving food last night and I had a fabulous "Punk Panini" sandwich ... value for the price....and a rock band going last night.....
Can't wait for the theater to open and the bar to begin serving in the next couple of weeks.....
Loved the show we saw here... Can't wait to see what else is coming up...will go back for sure!
Positive first

I love the reason for the venue, to give performing artists a place to play and have a nice crowd, sound system and refreshments all in one. 

I get that ...BUT..

The cafe does not serve beer or wine before the show starts. Both times i have been there the cafe is out of coke and all they had was diet or Sprite, yet inside the stage room the bartender had a crap load of coke available. Lame

The first time there the entrance to the stage was a cluster F. The second time it went much better. Partly because I bitch a little to the host. Squeaky wheel.. you know. 

The Stage room was set up properly the second time and the show went well. They do serve beer and wine and appear to serve local flavors. 

I would suggest better seating in the lobby, perhaps better refreshments there too.
Stopped into the Rigby (in the former Casbah location) earlier today with some friends, and I think it has some potential. It just opened and it's a rock (mostly Beatles) themed bar.

It's a big space (3 floors) and they did a nice job decorating. The upstairs has a pub feel with a pool table and restaurant seating up front. They are currently converting the basement into a venue, which could be awesome with a dark, cave-like feel.

I tried some of the food - the philly cheese steak and the pork sliders - both items were overly bland and tasted like something I just microwaved. Sandwiches come with ripple chips. Unless they start serving french onion dip (yum), that's not going to fly in Madison. It was 2-for-1 sandwiches and apps, which is a great deal.

Service is good, staff was very nice. I think it's a good addition to the block (if they work on their food).
Cool theme. Curious to see if this place stays quiet or explodes in popularity. It could do either with the whole beatles/classic rock niche. Very excited to see some shows in "the cavern", their dark and dusty brick basement. Kind of creepy looking but its an awesome venue to see some music. They havnt had any shows yet. Tried the Rigby burger, which was ok. The meat/toppings wasn't hugge by any means but the kaiser roll it was on was the size of a football. A little too much bread IMO. The sides were the highlight in my opinion. I don't like super tangy coleslaw and theirs was nice and creamy with a touch of twang. Overall, a cool place with a decent beer selection and cheap, solid food. Its a nice addition to Madison's dynamic bar scene. Ill return to catch a show sometime.
We stopped in here while taking a break from smoking cigars at Maduro's next door (Great Bar). It was a huge culture change. The bar is Beatles themed, but this doesn't seem like the kind of place anyone who was alive when the Beatles were around would ever actually go too. Even we felt out of place a bit at the wisened age of three decades.
That doesn't mean it was a bad bar though!
The tap list was small but decent. Traditional hipster juice (PBR) and assorted microbrews including Fixed Gear from lakefront and Gumballhead from Three Floyds. The bar is narrow but open with a decent amount of seating. The crowd was Hipster Bi-Curious, and young. Early twentiesish and fashionable. Not Madison Ave Fashion  but indie rock band/don't give a shit fashionable. 
They had TV's tuned to sports which seemed odd and out of place. No old VHS of the Ed Sullivan Show? Do kids even know what VHS is? Some girl at my wife's work was asked her why she used the phrase, "Tape it" in reference to recording something on DVR. How times have changed. PRESTO! I just became my Father. Also the music was good but not just Beatles or even Beatles era. Plenty of new indie music was on when we were there
The bar had three floors which I never would have guessed from the outside. The lower "Cavern" level wasn't open when we got there and when we asked about it weren't really given an answer. The upstairs was getting a lot of traffic from members of a band that were playing later in the evening. 
If you're younger go to the Rigby. You might hear some music that is better than the shit on pop radio.
If you're older go to Argus next door or Maduro's for a cigar.
Visited the Rigby recently for Team Trivia (currently Tuesdays at 7pm).  I got there early to eat dinner and reserve a table for my team. I was directed upstairs, and waited about 15 minutes alone before heading back to the main level to order a beer and request a menu. Once they realized I was there, service was kind and attentive. The food was very good for bar food.  The upstairs is a relatively large space, although there is a dart board set up on the middle of one of the walls.  If anyone had been playing darts, at least 2 tables would need to be moved.

The happy hour special ($2.50 taps, 4-7pm) was great, but I never saw a beer menu. I would've preferred to see a list rather than rely on server's memory, although the tap is small enough that shouldn't really be a problem.  I guess I'd just rather mull & decide without wasting a server's time.

I would go back to the Rigby if someone else suggested it, or for trivia again, but I probably won't seek it out.
OK, I've been returning for Team Trivia. Service has gotten much better, and they have beer lists on all the tables now! This rapid and positive change is enough to get another star from me.  The food is good; I recommend chips over fries. I think happy hour is 3-6 now, with specials each day.
This area of Madison has really got it going on with tons of great options including The Rigby! 

The Rigby is good ole fashioned Wisconsin bar confort food done right! They make their salads (potato salad, coleslaw) from scratch and their burgers are very underrated! Staff is great and speed of service is definitely better than some other spots in the area. I've never had any trouble getting in and getting out when in a hurry, and the food is awesome. Try the Rigby burger and their homemade coleslaw!
I've never eaten here, but I've seen a few shows and had drinks here. There was one server who was pretty undesirable, but I was informed that she no longer works there. The rest of the staff is very warm and welcoming. The drinks are always good. The Rigby draws a crowd, but never really feels packed. The location is fantastic.  The live performances are intimate. Overall, a great place to spend a Saturday night or a nice Sunday afternoon (all day happy hour prices).
I want to preface my review with the caveat that I frequent The Rigby for trivia on Tuesday nights.

Atmosphere - Two levels. (three technically, but I've only been to the lower level once) It isn't anything fancy, but it is clean and has  nice windows on the top level.

Wait staff - Usually really great and quick to please. They are friendly and treat their usuals (like me) very well.

Beer - I think they have really improved. They usually have 6 to 7 local draws of solid beers with some standards (ie: two hearted)

Food - They have improved here as well. Besides having cheesy Beatles related names, their food is pretty good for bar food. Chicken fingers have a nice, crispy batter. The homemade chips are usually spot on. The turkey slaw sandwich is yummy.
I can't speak to the food here as I have never eaten it but this place has some SERIOUSLY affordable drinks for a bar on the square.  $3 for rail cocktails... This is dangerous.  The staff always seems friendly and they have a few different spaces, the upstairs has two rooms and then the downstairs bar.  They also have bands from time to time.  The new bar manager used to be at vintage and brought their fabulous Apple Pie Shots with him.  Not a bad place at all!
Great place for a stiff cocktail.  The gummy bears are no joke.  GREAT music every time.
You can't order as bad meal here! Menu is well formed making it easy to pick just what you're in the mood for - lots of choices, but not so many that you get confused. Service is top notch and very friendly. Careful of the baked goods - very addicting! :-)

Beatles atmosphere is awesome!!
We stopped in for a drink while waiting for a table at Red Sushi.  

We grabbed a seat at the bar, inquired about the tap selection, and within a few minutes were enjoying a refreshing Bell's Two Hearted and a Vintage Banana Nut Bread.  We were there quite early, so the crowd was minimal; service was quick and friendly.

The Rigby appears to have an upstairs and downstairs area; the downstairs was closed during the time of our visit.  

After finishing the first round, we decided to share a Delirium Tremens (on tap).  It was excellent, as always.  

The crowd started to pick-up just as we were leaving - I imagine this would be a fun place to hang at while listening to some live music and enjoying a fine beverage or three.  I'll be back!
This place is just OK. The bartender walked by to-be-orderers several times before noticing them. Drinks were sufficiently stiff. The food was hit and miss. 

Nachos - cheese sauce (come on, we're in WI!) and very little cheese. The meat on top was dry, almost like jerkey. It must have gone on before it was broiled, or it sat under the heat lamp for too long. It should have not been served; it clearly looked dry. 

Chicken Tenders - overall quite good. Good but probably not home made BBQ sauce. Fries were just OK. 

Cheese Curds - very good, but not the best in town. Although unusual, the dipping sauce was an interesting change of pace. I think it was ranch dressing mixed with Franks Red Hot.  

We got a goodie bag of free baked goods just before we left, which was a nice touch and a creative way of marketing. 

I am tempted to take off another star because stakeholders in the business clearly wrote their own 5-star reviews (that were filtered out by yelp)
Thank baby Jezus: Food till 2am.
Is it the best food you're going to eat this year?
Mmmmmmmmm, no. BUT, remember, it's 2am, does it matter?
This place is really quirky, but awesome if you get to know it. It's Beatles themed, and the menu is goofy, but the fried cheese curds are fantastic, as is the jalapeno popper burger. The turkey swiss and slaw sandwich is also a winner.

If you really want a great experience, go on a Tuesday night and play trivia. Kim, the trivia reader, is hilarious, and the waitstaff are super sweet and really friendly. They have a decent beer selection
The Rigby is a fun bar just off the Capitol Square.  It is unpretentious and has some pretty good food and solid tap list.  Try the Sergeant Popper Burger, a burger with cream cheese and jalapeno peppers.  It is a theme bar, which I usually don not go for, but The Rigby makes it work.  In case you couldn't tell by the name, the theme is rock and roll with a big Beatles influence.  A big draw here is Team Trivia on Tuesdays at 7PM.  Prizes are awarded for 1st through 3rd place and for best team name.  Win or loose it is always a good time.  The waitstaff is rock solid.   With good food, a solid tap list, friendly staff, good friends, and trivia, this place has become a weekly staple.
I like the Rigby.  The staff and owners are great and I enjoy the food.   The beer selection could be better as there are only 8 taps.  The lunches are good. ..I especially enjoy the club and Caesar wrap.
7/20/13 My wife and I biked downtown and came across The Rigby.  We had no idea it had been open since 2011.  Awesome 70's music was playing.  The bar is tastefully decorated with music memorabilia.  I really enjoyed looking at the framed album covers.  My wife thought it had a Chicago vibe.  They had $2.50 Edmund Fitzgerald's from Great Lakes Brewing Co for a special.  Their spinach dip with veggies, crackers, and tortillas chips was tasty.   The bartender was very pleasant and welcoming.
Terrific Tuesday night trivia! Good beer selection on tap (Fixed Gear, Hoppalicious, Fatty Boombalatty, one of the Vintage taps...). "Hippie Hour" 4-7pm includes $3 rails and taps, $1 PBR and free snacks. The Rigby is Beatles themed and the long wooden bar is an unexpectedly nice place to sit and enjoy a pint.
This was the first restaurant/pub I visited when I moved to Madison last October, and it quickly became a favorite. Most of the food is great - I'd highly recommend the burgers (I like the Here Comes the Sun burger with the fried egg on top), the turkey club wrap and ANY of the soups.  The chefs are talented and creative;  try one of their daily specials some time.  The mac and cheese is a favorite.  They also have fabulous fresh-baked goods (best strawberry scones I've ever had.)

OK, I started with the food, but the real draw here is the atmosphere, which is a great blend of two elements; the tasteful Beatles decor and the friendly staff. My particular favorite is the giant retro album mosaic, including both classics (eponymous Led Zeppelin) and rarities (yeah, my mind just drew a blank). Don't expect All Beatles All The Time;  I doubt anyone can survive that narrow niche - but the music is fun and eclectic.

There is a large upstairs which frequently hosts talent;  some of my favorites over the last year have been The Dirty Pigeons, Colorphase, Misery Jackals and Under the Willow. 

Tuesday night trivia is a must;  Kim is a character;  a latter-day Betty Boop with attitude. 

Tap beers are limited, but they are switched up frequently, so there's always something new to try. Someone said the Gummy Bears were no joke - I would have to second that. 

I should mention I'm 50.  The weekend late-night crowd makes me feel like a relic, but any other time there is a wide variety of ages in both regulars (like me) and newcomers.  But whoever you are, I guarantee you will feel welcome.
Best. Burger. Ever!
Now that that's been said, very comfy, great music and atmosphere, a real 'local' feeling. Happy crowd, and for god's sake, hopefully you get Logan as your bartender because it will be impossible to leave without a smile on your face! Fantastic pub!
A short update to my last review.  The Rigby now has 14 taps on the main floor.  Thanks for listening an adding the 6 additional taps Rigby management.
I have gone to the Rigby about half a dozen times.  The service wasn't bad when it was busy, and they seemed to staff appropriately.  This included when I went in for a tap takeover.  The service hasn't been good though the 3 times I went and it wasn't busy.  One of the times I was just served slowly.  Another time I sat at the bar with my boyfriend for 10 minutes without even being greeted.  There are plenty of other bars near by, so we decided to move along.  The other time my boyfriend and I walked into the bar when it was empty.  We sat at the bar for 10 minutes listening to 2 employees talking in the kitchen.  One of them looked and saw us, and then went back to talking to the other employee.  After that we just decided to leave.  There's no point in staying at a bar where no one wants to serve you.
Ugh Riiiiiiigby. I love you. And I want to keep loving you, but your service has gotten atrocious.
Still a solid 4-stars. Dropped-by while waiting for a band to start at another venue, and decided to grab some grub, as well as a few brews.

+ Friendly, fast, and attentive server - very good guy
+ Menu, while not huge, has typical bar fare at reasonable prices
+ Cheese curds looked to be housemade - they were quite good
+ Nachos were insanely huge; more than enough to feed 8 people
+ Burgers were scrumptious
+ Wraps were tasty and full of fresh veggies and meats

+ Tap list remains very solid
+ Plenty of televisions
+ Clean restrooms
They have a good beer selection although as it warms up it is good to see some of those heavier winter beers go. They had a lot of porters and stouts which is fine with me because that is my bread and butter. They were in the process of transitioning into the lighter spring beers as a lot of places are. 

I am usually pretty leery of fish fry because often they are over breaded. The Rigby had nice thick pieces of cod that were lightly breaded. The fries were ok but they had surprisingly great coleslaw. I usually set that aside but ate all of it. 

The bartender and waitstaff were are really attentive and fun to BS with. Wish I would have been going here longer.

The menu and food is simple mostly bar food but the do it really well from what I saw.
Upon entry  we were not greeted promptly for dining. We were shown tables for 6, 
when there was only two of us.  Then they found us a table for 2.  Very 80's decor.                             This begins our strange dining experience.                                                                        As we 
sat down we were  asked if we would like some drinks . We asked if they had a wine
menu.  They had to actually go and get one which seemed weird as well.  The food menu had only 3 entrees on it. Nothing was described with the specials or anything else on the menu.  As we waited quite a while for the wine a 4th service person came
with 2 glasses of wine and insisted on pouring into our empty glasses that were already on the table.... weird .... he kept saying they were Riddle glasses , the best in the world. I think he meant Riedel Glasses .   He poured the wine from one glass to another at the table.(what no carafe?)  Wine is very over priced.                                                                      
We waited over 20 minutes for the meal ( no bread ever offered)  Ordered a baked potato with butter & sour cream the server said no problem but, came back later to 
say that they have none. Plates were served  cold though the food was hot. We were
asked by 5 different people about our meal (we think they worked there?) 
Very uncomfortable dining experience. They told us their soft opening was last week.
All I say is if you not ready to open why bother.....music was good though it kept our minds off this strange excuse for a new restaurant.
 Lots of parking, good location, but i can't recommend this place yet.  
PS.  Paid with cash but no one knew what happened with our change, we finally got it
but... yes..the place is still weird to me.
I didn't know what to expect but had hoped that with a name like "garlic & shots" that maybe it was going to be fun and creative.  The $5.00 off coupon stuck under the windshield wiper window was the deciding factor.

Hostess was overly enthusiastic about seating us. 

Chairs look like banquet chairs that had a cover over them.  Nicely done.

There's a lit, glass display case in the dining area that contains spent bottles of wine and champagne.  I would suggest they dispose of those bottles and find some theme for tchotchkes and/or floral arrangements to display in the case to add a little more ambiance to the room.

Printed menu on a 8 1/2" x 11" paper included appetizers, salads (?), and three entrees.  Another piece of paper was handed to us with todays specials -Fish & Chips and a Salmon entree.

Wine selection was okay.
Ordered a glass and had already begun to drink it when server asks if we would like to try some shots.  
Wine with shots, no thank you.

No salt or pepper on any of the tables, but we were asked if we wanted it.  How do we know if we haven't had a chance to taste our food?!
Was served a bullet of ketchup when requesting some for my fries.

Not all servers are knowledgeable about their products on the menus.

Our server picked up our coupon but didn't apply it to our bill.  When I inquired about the discount he asked if we told the hostess.  
Our transaction needed to be voided and rerun with the discount.

Music sounded like Muzak until live musician started performing in the bar.  He played one song and then excused himself for a few so he could find the right balance (I forgot exactly what he said) for the room.  He played a few bars and sang a few phrases of various songs and then I believe he resumed his set.

MIGHT give them another chance.
Well this will be one of my last reviews for 2011 and i hate to say it is not a good one! We came here one night for dinner, always wanting to check out new places in the neighborhood. So very Horrible and disappointing!                                                The place looked like a poorly decorated 80's place.  No one to greet us when we walked in, then when the guy came,it was as if he just started that night and did not know where he would sit 2 people. There was only one other table in the whole restaurant.   They were apologizing to them several times in the night for mistakes that were made in their orders as well.   7 Different people came to our table to see if everything was all right. That is just not cool at all.  Our food was served on ice cold plates, So even though our food was warm it went cold very quickly.  No one there seemed aware of how to run a restaurant at all.                                                        Maybe they should just stick to the bar business.   I would never go here again and i would not recommend even trying this place.  There are too many good choices out there. Don't waste your time!
We stopped in for Sunday lunch, not knowing what to expect -- this isn't one of the European vampire bars you might browse to by mistake, but it's not the old John Henry's that had been at this location for close to 20-years either.  Nice, open areas and pleasant decor.  We ate in the bar -  bright with multiple sports TVs.  Several craft beers are on tap - I tried a very rich Bison Chocolate stout.  They offer a large wine list with AZ Stronghold and Justin Isosceles among other out-of-the-ordinary varieties, by the bottle.

We both had their homemade Bloody Marys and hamburger sliders with garlic fries.  Neat muffin tin baked rolls (I suggested they drop an onion ring around the inverted muffin bottom.)  I asked for medium rare, and the three little burgers were cooked right on the money.  The garlic fries were fluffy in the middle and crisp outside - my preference at least, with just enough salt and garlic that they were fine as served.  A bowl of au jus and some ketchup complete the plate.

One thing to keep in mind (and a good thing in my book) - the Bloody Marys are flaming hot.  Besides garlic, cumin (I think) and other spices, the home made mix  seems to have an amble helping of what I'm guessing is Dave's Insanity Sauce (my wife disagrees) or another pepper item - easily habanero in flavor, but not ghost pepper in heat.  The sliders and fires damped the flames perfectly, but bloodies round-two flared it right back up again.

Bottom line - the lunch menu today was only appetizers but bound to expand.  Beer, wine, and 101-Shakers menus offer a wide selection.  What we had was just right.  We're looking forward to coming back when the few rough edges are polished off.  They said the "official" grand opening will be 28-Jan 2012.
G&S is not ready for consumption. The menu is meager and the decor empty feeling (tables and chairs are of the church wedding reception kind ). Try again in a few months to see if they pull it together.
My husband and I live in the neighborhood and I had reviewed the restaurant that had previously been here, so when Garlic and Shots had their grand opening, we had to go.

 I was prepared for the '80s decor, its not just the decor, it is the whole layout of the building. But, I was pleasantly surprised. The brass handrails are down and the mauve paint is gone. The new owners have changed the decor and put up a fresh coat of paint, gotten rid of the heavy brass and hung some pretty edgy art. 

We came in and the bar was jumping, which was rather thrilling, given I am out in the middle of the 'burbs. There was a wine tasting going on and we joined in and then jumped to our dinner table. The dining area is a little sparse but the table are nicely laid out and I didn't feel like I was eating in anyone's lap. 

The dinner  was great. We started with the mussels appetizer and I absolutely loved it. The garlic and onions over a white wine broth with a heaping amount of mussels was perfect. The servers are still getting their legs, so to speak, and there is probably a bit too much, How is everything, but I liked my water glass being filled constantly. Our entrees were the salmon salad and the menu isn't big but for someone who doesn't eat meat, like myself and an exclusive meat eater, like my husband, we both were happy with the menu. The dining room, doesn't say fine dining and at $12.00 a plate, I didn't expect it either. That is not to say that the meal wasn't good, it was great. The salmon salad was a warm smoked filet with a great vinaigrette and I loved it. 

There is a weird issue with the wine list, they  have a limited selection but with the wine tasting going on, we just went with those choices. 

Overall, I enjoyed myself, had a fun time with some of my neighbors and I will be back!
I have to agree with the ratings already posted here. We just completed a very interesting dining experience and one that I hope not to repeat any time soon. 

First of all there was no greeting upon entry. It hard to identify where we should position ourselves to be seated since the host's podium blended into the nondescript interior. We were seated promptly but I was struck at the lack of any semblance if design at this establishment. I consider myself to be a minimalist, but decor here is too sparse even for me.  There was nothing relaxing or exciting about it. 

I knew the experience would be rocky when the paper menu of appetizers was placed before us.  Really?  Paper menus? Way to make a first impression. Then, when the dinner menu was delivered, one page went to my husband and the second page went to me. It took us a few minutes to realize that we each had half!  Why we only got one menu for a party of two is beyond me. 

My main criticism is that the place lacks a vibe. They are going for a theme, but it's not well demonstrated. Ok, there is a martini shaker on the table but how does that tie into shots? The server explained that the "shakers" they serve are basically mixed drinks.  What???  Your server should be able to adequately explain your concept and inspire guests to order something fun and unique.  

The food wasn't bad. I enjoyed the complimentary hummus. The bruschetta was tasty but the bread it was served on was too thick. 

I had to chuckle when the server asked if he could remove any plates and I told him he could take the center plate and my husband's. He then swooped away my plate while I still had bruschetta in my hand!  Rookie mistake.  

We witnessed two couples leave -- one when they were ignored and never got seated and the other after examining the menu. Also a family of three left after being served water. 

Last,  as we departed no one said a word. No, "Thanks for coming." or "see you next time." Nothing.  

My advice?  Hit up The Vine across the parking lot. They say  "hi" and good-bye."
Went to check out the new restaurant  2-3-12 and went to the bar sat down and the so called bartender and some guy were playing with the computer and finally after 5 min. decided to wait on us! The bartender had NO clue what she was doing, we asked for a wine list which she could not find. After 5 min. of this she pulled out a piece of paper with the wine list on (really a piece of paper). Asked for a Malbec and she had NO idea were to find the wine! After finally  getting the wine I notice the glasses were all water spotted. (not good) While sitting watching this bartender she had NO clue how to bartend. She could not pour a glass of beer or did she know the difference between a Grey Goose vodka or a Black Label Scotch! What are you thinking management putting someone behind the bar who has no bar experience??? It was sad to see her screw-up everyones drink order. When we decided to leave asked for our tab and she asked how we were going to pay, what does that matter? She told us our bill was $54.00 what for three glasses of $8.00 wine (math a lost art!) It sad this place is chasing all the customers away!Nobody greets you at the door or says thank you when you leave! Also why no pasta dishes on the menu? The name saids Garlic????
We bought a Groupon in order to try this new area restaurant.  Should have read the reviews before buying the coupon but live and learn.

We were greeted and after figuring out where we wanted to sit, it was at least 10 minutes before someone came over and asked if anyone had talked to us.  When we said no, she said she would have someone come over right away.  A young man appeared and offered us something to drink; we ordered water to start.  It took at least 5 more minutes for the water to come.  At this time, I had noticed that there were two different appetizer menus...one for happy hour and one on the regular menu.  When I asked him about the difference between the two artichoke dips (both had entirely different descriptions including different dippers) he said he didn't know.  I sent him to the kitchen to find out.  Took a few minutes, but he did come back and said that they were the same thing.  We ordered one.  My partner told him we were ready to order dinner and he said he would be right back...needed to go get a pen.

We ordered a ceasar salad to share, the chicken breast dinner with garlic mashed and an open face prime rib with roasted potatoes.  With a name like "Garlic & Shots" you would expect to see a menu full of garlic inspired goodies...not so at this place.  

After about 20-25 minutes, out came the young man with the salad.  He explained that there was a mix up in the kitchen and the artichoke dip wasn't ready and asked if we still wanted it or should he take it off the bill.  I told him we wanted it.  Literally a minute later out came a woman carrying our two plates of dinner.  When she realized that we had just gotten the salad, she said to the young man..."do you want these now or should I take them back to the kitchen?"  He replied to take them back to the kitchen but I spoke up and said I was concerned that they would be placed under a heat lamp waiting until we were ready.  She said no, that they would give them to someone else and make us fresh plates.  Really?  

After a couple of bites of the world's most salty ceasar salad, we decided that we had had enough and decided to end the dining experience at that point.  When we asked for a manager, several minutes later the women who had tried to delivered our dinner plates came up and said she was the manager on duty.  We began to explain our disappointment and at that moment another gentleman showed up to listen to what we were saying.  His response was, "Oh well" and he turned to walk away.  Was he an owner?  We will never know.

We won't be back and we are laying wagers that this place won't last long.  One reviewer thought they'd be gone by next Valentines Day...our guess is by the end of summer if not sooner.
We had a groupon so decided to try it.  The shot was good and my husband suggested that they would do better by talking to customers about the shots more.  At this point in time they seem like a bunch of rookies who don't know what they are doing.  The food was just ok. Their menu is very limited.  Also, if you are going to have garlic french fries "garlic pomme frittes" on the menu as something you specialize in then you should not use frozen french fries.  Make them from scratch and make them special. In and Out has better fries.  They could be really good, but right now they are just frozen french fries with garlic on them. Meh pretty much sums it up.  If they are still around in a year we may try it again to see if anything has changed, but not any time soon.
Went there for drinks and appetizers and had a great time.  Their garlic fries are awesome.  Their drinks are great and the service in the bar was great too!  I'm really surprised by all of the bad reviews.  If you are a local, you really should give them a try! I plan on going back frequently.
Garlic & Shots is a disgusting dump that I will never patronize even though I live in the neighborhood. We went on a Saturday afternoon at 3pm for a late lunch since we bought a Groupon for $30 worth of food for $15. It was a particularly hot day in Arizona and the restaurant was very warm inside because they were not running the air conditioning (cheapos), they only had the door propped open and it was stuffy and muggy. 

First impression other than the warm inside temperature was a foul odor and the place was dirty and disorderly like it hadn't been cleaned from the night before.  We were greeted by a apathetic hostess who looked bothered to help us. She said we couldn't sit in the regular part of the restaurant due to a party that we could sit in the bar. Keep in mind it's a Saturday afternoon and we have a 14 month old BABY with us, it's hot inside the restaurant and it smells... 

We reluctantly said we'd sit in the bar. We asked for a high chair for which they had none. We were also treated like they were annoyed that we were there. So now we are a family with a small baby for which there is no high seat, in a hot, stuffy, foul smelling restaurant where we are forced to sit in a musty bar that's visibly dirty AND we're being treated very poorly. So we decided to leave since the whole experience was uncomfortable and the physical dirtiness of the place was not appetizing. 

We told the manager we were leaving and he didn't seem to care at all. Not only is this completely disappointing because this restaurant is in my neighborhood and I was looking forward to eating there, but the conditions were unacceptable for any diner, baby or no baby. Food needs to be kept at an appropriate temperature and if it was that hot in the dining area I can only imagine the kitchen. The dining area needs to be clean, plain and simple. If the dining area is not clean then the kitchen can't be that clean either. Lastly customers should be treated with respect and if you're going to call yourself a "restaurant" and you are open for "lunch" then buy a couple high chairs. 

So I can't tell you how the food in this dump of a restaurant is because we left and promptly through the $15 Groupon in the trash. We wont ever be going back there. It was a dump when it was John Henry's and it's a bigger dump now. 

If you like bad service in a dirty, foul smelling restaurant this is the place for you, enjoy!
Drove past the place about a month ago, and wanted to check it out. Went for a birthday dinner on a Saturday night. We were greeted by a hostess/waitress. We were seated and our order was taken as soon as we sat down (the chairs we uncomfortable for my 6'2, 230lb well built man, but hopefully as business picks up so will the chair comfortablity). 

Ordered chicken strips, and they were seasoned so well. Then I ordered the Pan Seared Chicken with a garlic sauce and oven roasted tatoes greenbeans and carrots. My date had the Open Prime Rib Sandwich with garlic mashed potatoes.  We were overly impressed with the taste of the dinner choices.  Not to mention that they have a shot drink menu of 101 different mixed shots, that come in a shaker that have about 3 more shots for about 8 bucks.

There was a live band playing cover songs, and the staff was friendly. I'm already planning my next visit with my sis and the girls from work.
My wife and I live in the neighborhood, so we were excited when we saw Groupon offering the $30 for $15 special.  We went in for a 7:00p dinner on a Friday night and were quite disappointed.  We started at the bar for a drink after being told that there was a 10-15 minute wait.  No problem, even though the dining room was only 20-25% full.  The bar experience was fine - a Martini and a beer.  Nothing spectacular, but no issues either.

It really got bad once the dining began...  The menu is quite sparse.  The service is worst  that I've experienced in quite some time.  Slow is an understatement!  I had the steak that actually was not that bad, but my wife had a salad that looked terrible and tasted worse.  The hostess was texting the entire time and I have no idea where the wait staff would disappear to.  The only person that I did see for some time is who I believe is the owner.  He was chit-chatting with a large table that it appeared that he knew, meanwhile patrons are walking out of the restaurant.  I give it another three months and it will be gone, unless there are some substantial improvements...
Garlic & Shots
909 E. Elliot
Tempe, 85284

I arrived by myself around 6:45 p.m. While the restaurant was somewhat busy, I counted 5 empty tables. The hostess wanted me to wait for 10 minutes, though I can't for the life of me figure out why, when 5, clean tables were empty. About 3 minutes later she came back with the excuse that the people who wanted the table weren't interested any more. What people? There were 5 open tables. She then went back to her perch on a stool with a laissez-faire attitude.

Fortunately, my waitress was a lot better. She arrived promptly and didn't keep trying to push liquor on me, instead graciously accepting my order for diet Coke.

After giving me some time to look over the menu, my waitress took my order. I asked for the 8th Street Mussels ($10), Caprese Salad (?), and the Pork Chop ($10 I think)(not overdone) along with Pomme Frites.

While the web menu lists Lobster Bisque ($6), it was nowhere to be found on the menu at the restaurant. Shame, because I love a good Lobster Bisque especially when served with a bit of sherry. In fact, many of the things listed on the web menu are not to be found on the regular menu. This is not good for the person who likes to look at menus in advance and plan their dinner.

In a reasonable amount of time, my waitress brought the Mussels. They were tender and succulent and swimming in a very nice broth. No taste of garlic was present, but the flavor, was none the less excellent. It was served with a side of crusty bread covered in melted cheese. The bread was very good, but the cheese suffered from lack of flavor, and did not pair well with the mussels. The same bread served with some garlic butter on it would have been dynamite.

Unfortunately, the waitress brought out the Caprese Salad at the same time as the mussels. She took it back, but just put it in the refrigerator instead of throwing it out and making a new one a la minute. The result was a terrible tasting and looking Caprese Salad that I sent back. The cheese had fully absorbed the balsamic and discolored, and the chiffonade of basil was wilted and dried out.

Busing was not a strong point, and I had to wait quite some time before my plate was removed.

Next was the main course, the Pork Chop. I must admit it was excellent. Cooked to perfection, covered in nicely sauted onions and well seasoned. I had ordered Pomme Frites, but it came out with Garlic Sweet Potatoes, which were very tasty. They were quickly replaced with the restaurants version of Pomme Frites, which while nothing like the French or Belgian versions, was very tasty and arguably one of the highlights of the dinner. Served with a sweet chile sauce, they were absolutely divine. On the weak side, was the yellow squash which was flaccid and without seasoning. Yet the broccoli which was served with it was terrific, not being overcooked and nicely bright green. Obviously, the kitchen needs some consistency.

A live band was playing in the lounge, and thankfully, they were not trying to overpower the conversations in the restaurant as so many others do. I consider this a plus.

The restroom could certainly use a bit of cleaning up, as the trash can was overflowing and the sink had dirty towels in it.

The restaurant is wheelchair accessible, and most of the staff is very friendly.

Keeping in mind that this is a fairly new place, at this time I would give them 3 stars with the possibility of moving to 4 stars in the future as they become more settled in the menu and service.
We had a buy one entree and get a second entree for free coupon, so we thought we would give this place a "shot"...no pun intended.  

It was immediately obvious, upon our arrival that Garlic & Shots needs to fine tune their whole operation. Right from the get-go, we both felt a strange vibe in the place, maybe it was the sparse/drab decor, or the indifferent greeting from the hostess whom seemed like she didn't want to be there. We were however promptly ushered to a table. Unfortunately, the table was located in a little side area that is completely cordoned off, not very inviting, and it had a feel of being completely removed from the rest of the restaurant...weird! We also thought it strange that none of the tables in the restaurant had place settings either. From the paper menu's that gave us the impression the place was trying to do things on the cheap, we each ordered a couple of local craft brews, and the top sirloin steak which is very reasonably priced, imo. Our drinks were a little slow to arrive and we wondered if we had been forgotten, over in the little cordoned off, uninviting, area we had been seated in. Upon the arrival of our food, our server realized we didn't have silverware. No biggie, a little attention to detail is appreciated however. The garlic mashed potatoes and the veggies, although delicious, were barely luke-warm, but both of our top sirloins were cooked to perfection and excellent! The steaks were definitely the highlight of our experience. I did inform our server about the barely luke-warm mashed potatoes and veggies. She was very apologetic and promptly offered to bring more out. At one point the manager approached our table and asked about our experience. I informed him about the potatoes and veggies. He seemed genuinely concerned and insured us that he would address the issue with the kitchen. He also offered a complimentary beverage on the house. 

Despite the service being a bit slow, our server did a decent job overall. We got the impression the restaurant staff are very inexperienced, the place was understaffed, and disorganized. If this place ever figures out the restaurant business, this place could be a winner. 

Our experience overall was a good one, but had it not been for the great steaks, I would have given the place two stars. We will definitely try Garlic & Shots again. I hope they get their act together.

Oh, by the way, the top sirloin steak was excellent!
Despite the reviews, my wife and I decided to try this place as it is close to home and new.  Big mistake.  The reviews regarding the poor service quality were spot on.  We ordered 3 things and they didn't get any of them right.  I ordered the pork chops with sweet potatos.  The pork chop was small and overcooked and came with garlic mashed potatoes.  I don't like garlic mashed, so requested the actual menu item be brought.  My wife ordered the philly cheese steak with fries and was brought a philly cheese steak with veggies.  These mistakes were explained away as a 'computer glitch'.  

I had a glass of wine and was never asked if I wanted another, despite having an empty glass when the entree was brought out.  

When our entrees were served, we ordered another philly cheese steak, without onions, to take home to the kids.  30 minutes after finishing our meals, we finally had to get one of the owners involved to received our take home order.  He came back from the kitchen, apologized and said it would be the next thing to go on the grill - meaning they hadn't even started it yet.    We left immediately upon receiving the order, thinking it had to be right since the owner was involved.  When we opened it at home, we discovered they made it with onions - despite telling them multiple times that we wanted it without.

The owner was gracious enough and offered to comp the meal, which we refused.  We weren't after a free meal - we simply wanted them to know they had issues that needed to be addressed.  He gave us a coupon for a future visit instead.  When we looked at it later, even the coupon had errors on it.  

These guys are playing restaurant and really have no clue what they are doing.
This place is a total dump. 

Went on a Tuesday night and were seated in a completely empty restaurant area at a dirty, uncomfortable table in the dark. So dark I could not read the menu. The entertainment that evening was a cover band playing "Hello" by Lionel Richie and it was not a so-bad-it's-good band, but awful, out of tune, hurts your ears band. While we read the menu another family came in and I overheard their server explain that they were out of several items on the menu. Wish our server had provided that info. Our server arrived and my husband asked about an item he read about on their website that was not on the menu. After checking with the kitchen, he said they would make it special for him but normally that is not a menu item. WTF? I never walk out of restaurants without ordering but I had to bail. I just had a feeling it could only get worse. Wish I had read the reviews here first.
Was I'n there a few weeks ago bought a groupon.. We ment a couple of friends there for happy hour.. The bartender ignored us, we had to ask for a menu.. And the bartender had six people and sat behind the bar doing paperwork . We had to ask for another round of drinks and the bartender seemed annoyed with Us. So we asked for our check and never got to use our groupon this place will be lucky to stay I'n business for 6 months!!
Any Yelper that gave this place more than 3 stars must either work their or be friends with somebody that works there.  TERRIBLE.
Had the burger as part of our groupon deal. It was very competently done. The garlic fries were excellent. Service was very good.
This place is a total joke!!!! The service and food is horrible!!!!The owners are unfriendly and unprofessional!!!! Don't waste your money at this hole in the wall.... Im sure they will close soon........
Okay- listen. For starters, I haven't written a review in forever because I haven't been to some place that i felt needed it.  This place deserves a good review in the midst of some pretty bad ones.  I'm busy lately and I had a good enough time to yelp and cared enough about the people there based on one experience to take the time.  That's something.  

I'm not going to say much about the restaurant other than the burger we ordered was pretty tasty, fries were fresh and appeared hand-cut, and they batter their own chicken fingers.  More than I expected. 

Bar:  Just do it.  Jason, the bartender, made our afternoon.  He was friendly, kept us in more alcohol than we ever intended on drinking (isn't that what makes a good bartender), was witty, interesting, and made the whole experience.  We had a Groupon too.  They accepted it gladly- no Groupon attitude (pet peeve).  They put the game on for us (hell, they gave us the remote!), made sure to check on us frequently and didn't give us attitude when we wanted to switch seats and sections (we tipped out both!)  The bar space is actually really comfortable.  A lot of tables, some cushy seats, and the bar stools that don't make your lower half go numb from sitting in them for any amount of time.  The music is vintage which added to the charm along with the warhol-esque prints.  Fun.  Not typical.  Something different.  Towards the later parts of the evening, a live funk-inspired band came in.  By then, I'd had enough table shots to get DOWN to it.  The band was good.  My dancing was better. 

Are you going to feel like someone important while you're there? No.  It's not the Vig.  Are there some kinks to be ironed out in this new place?  Sure.  Was the owner there and friendly when we were there?  Yes.  Did it seem like everyone was trying to make us happy?   Yes.    Are the drinks cheap & strong? Yes.  Did I intend to stay there 1 hour and end up staying from 4pm-10:30pm?  Um, whoops, yes. Good times were had.  Recommended.  

This place gets 4 stars for the bar.  It mostly gets 4 stars for Jason.  If you replicate the experience we had, it will be a 4 star experience.   It also gets 4 stars because it's a NEW place, appears to be trying, and I think has a lot of potential if people are patient.
Awesome bar and their live band nights have always been amazing - never a bad experience yet. The food is really good and their shots list is extensive (101 to be exact!) Kristen is a great bartender.
I really enjoyed my visit to Garlic and Shots. The 101 shots were playful and daring and I got at least two full shots out of the $8 shot. Depending on what you pick they can range from supere strong to what one might call super girlie. :) All seem interesting at the very least. The food was fanstastic and a variety of dish types ranging from burger and friest to steak. They had chicken, and salads, hummus (which is always a plus for a picky eater like me!) The staff was pleansant and accomidating. The owner also stopped by to ensure we were enjoying our dinner and were satisfied with the service and quality. My boyfriend and I were also told about the thier famous blood mary shot that was secret family recipe! We didn't get to try on this visit but hope to get a tast of it the next time we go. They had an outdoor eating area and a indoor area with ambient lighting to create a relaxed mood. To the left of the entrance was a bar and lounge area where they had live music playing, which I abosolutely loved!!! As they are a new restaruant, those who have had bad reviews may have caught them on a bad night, but I think they should give it a second chance! If you have never been, I highly recommend giving it a "shot" and give the people who are trying to provide us with a light and relaxing atmoshphere thier chance to shine!!!
First off, I try not to write bad reviews or say anything overly terrible about a local business, because I try to support them as much as I can. 
BUT......

Come on guys, stop what your doing and save your business. Fire your ENTIRE staff and start over. I've been here 3 times, each time worse than before.

First stop.....New Years Eve....the only decent time I had here.

2nd......My girlfriend got here 30 min before I did. She was completly ignored at the bar THE WHOLE TIME!! The bartender was running around looking for a certain bottle of wine for some girl. When I got there she was so pissed, we left. 

3rd......quick cocktail before we headed home for the night....I ordered a margarita, the bartender looked baffled like "holy crap, what the hell is in that?'
Tequila and Roses lime juice is what I got. YOUR A BARTENDER FOR PETES SAKE!!! Its not some brand new drink I threw at you......dont they teach this in bartending 101? Or at least made this at some point in your life at your house?

In his defense, I did send it back and he filled up a tunbler of Don Julio for me, and I got 4 shots out of it.......good save sir, good save.

Finally, I have never seen any type of food on a table or anyone in the actual dining room. Put the live music in there, not right next to the bar!! I feel like Im being eye balled by the band the whole time Im sitting there. 

Your in a legendary location. You have big shoes to fill. Read the reviews on here, and learn from it. The community WANTS to support you, but read what the customers are saying. Its all pretty much the same.

I wish you the best of luck.
CAUTION!!!!!!
This dining experience was literally the worst I have ever had in my life, and I'm including all (fast food, grocery store delis, taco carts in Rocky Point...) Our server was Jerome and he was the most rude, unfriendly, unknowledgeable server I have had. He couldn't answer any questions about the menu, he didn't make any eye contact, and dunring our 2 HOUR dining experience (not by choice, because they were that slow with a whopping 2 full tables) we only saw him like three times. It took almost a half hour to get our appetizer, we had no silverware or napkins the entire time and had to eat it with our fingers and asked for napkins several times and ended up unsing the tablecloth when Jerome failed to bring any. Our food took forever and was incorrect but after the wait we sucked it up and ate it anyways. It was mediocre, putting it kindly. Our drinks were only refilled when we requested and it was done by the busser because even he couldn't find our server. We had to hunt our server down 30 minutes after we were finished eating to ask him to bring the check. He was found in the bar hanging out with friends and when I asked the bartender the please get him, the bartender scoffed at me and said he would be over when he was ready. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?! When he finally brought the check, it was incorrect and he had to fix it, 4 TIMES! It was a party of 4 eating and it was only two appetizers, a salad, and two entrees. How hard could it be?!!! The caption on the website reads "If you're looking for a welcoming atmosphere, great customer service, great food..." DO NOT BE MISLEAD, THEY LIE!
Cute atmosphere. They could use more of a selection on their menu.  Generally you only have like 4-5 entrees to choose from.  I would like to see this little neibhorhood place succeed.  Hopefully they will work on their food selections.
This is strictly a happy hour review. First, let's be honest. I was day drinking. Happy hour starts at 5 and I pulled up at 5:01. Hey, I'm thirsty. I met a girlfriend for a couple of drinks and a snack. I hit the wine list and there is something a little wacky about Garlic & Shots wine list. I only hear about it but I've never seen it.... Weird. They talk about it and hand me the happy hour menu that offers the house wine for $5 and that's my favorite price. But, G&S doesn't have any house wine so the bartender offers to substitute. Great, I'll take a substitute. 

So, wine in hand, mad gossip commences until bartender's boyfriend or last night's last call shows up. I don't know which but they exchange pleasantries about the previous night. I could have done without this conversation but it did explain the bandana the bartender was wearing as a skirt and the open sweater with exposed black bra. I expected this outfit at a strip club not the bar 500 feet from my kid's school. With this outfit, even I thought about throwing quarters on the floor to see if she would bend over..... Anyhoo, cattiness aide, the bartender did check in on us on ocassion and that house wine never did show. Unfortunately, neither did the $5 price. My substitute set me back $9 a glass. Ouch. I got a $2 discount. 

Would I go back? My girlfriend was bent, she wanted a ladies who day drink experience and that is not what G&S is delivering. But, I love the mussel appetizers so you might find me in the corner scarfing these down but G&S clean up your wine list and staff. If you don't have it take it off, get a dress code for staff and keep the mingling with friends a little more subtle. What I was looking at was a train wreck. 

So what is the deal with you, G&S? Who are you and who is your clientele? Do you want the 40 plus crowd with their pricey house values and mid-price bmws for dinner and drinks or you going for the apartment crew who is hitting the bar late and skipping dinner and matching each other shot for shot. I ask because I don't know who you are trying to appeal to. I think if you figure this out things will work out for you.
I'm going to be honest, I would have never gone to Garlic & Shots on my own had I not got a text from a friend saying stop on by I am working tonight, so I did and what a fun little bar! There was a live band playing on a Thursday night.  Nice chill vibe with the patrons and great friendly bartender.   

Drinks were good, tried a few of them, don't remember the names but the numbers were 20, 92 & 86 and damn they were all good! I like my drinks sweet, I'm a girly girl and can't drink beer, unless it's a Irish car bomb, but that's another story  haha so I like the pretty looking sweet tasting drinks.

Yep it was a great find for a Thursday night, only problem was I still had to go to work on Friday morning, smh, Why oh Why does Thursday nights feel like it's a Friday haha

Oh also when I checked on Yelp, we got $5 bucks off a $10 buck or higher tab! Not to shabby I say!
Ugly decor and hardly no patrons. I ate here on Friday night and it was silent and empty. Not even background music. The food was ok, but I'm in no hurry to come back.
Bought a Groupon for the place; not even sure it's open anymore.  The place is basically awful and that's putting it nicely.  The wait staff is totally clueless and doesn't even know you're in the place.  I had to shout out to them after watching them talk for five minutes or more. After that, they all scrambled like they were busy when the manager noticed my frustration.  They all look like tattooed, dropouts, looking for something to do.  The food was fair, if that and I can't even remember what I had.  If you're looking to go out, stay out of this place.  I still have a Groupon to use, so I think I'll get something simple and never return. Like I said, I don't even know if it's still open.
Out Of Business.  What took so long?
I'm all about supporting local small businesses, but only if they're worth supporting. 

I'll start with the atmosphere.  The art on the walls was atrocious, and the place was too dark to see across the tiny table I was sitting at.  I can see it being a little darker in the lounge or bar area, but the dining room needs to be better illuminated.   

Now for the drinks.  This place is all about their "shots" which come in a miniature shaker with a shot glass and you can pour your shots as you go.  Maybe I'm no fun, but this was completely lost on me.  I don't want to knock back a drink so quick I can't taste it!  Plus this place does not really appeal to the type of crowd that would just want to pound shots.  I got their bloody mary, it was number one on their drink menu, and it was SOOO GOOD!  In my opinion this is the only redeeming quality of this restaurant.  

The food = lame.  Menu could be revamped for sure.  It's over priced and unexceptional.  

Final word:  The drinks are good, everything else sucks.
I just love this place.They have a whole Flight theme going on which was so much fun. The drinks where amazing and lot's of specialty drinks(cucumber special). My favorite by far. Great feel of Scottsdale Oldtown but New Flavor to that area. The employees where very kind and attentive to us, which I loved. Like to be spoiled.If you get a chance to go I recommend it highly. Food was good but a fantastic wine list with a great variety to pick from.
FIRST THE GOOD THINGS:

* Beautiful and flamboyent owner. She actually talks to customers!
* Even more beautiful stewardesses (waitresses, hosts, or whatever you call them)!
* Attractive airline theme. Too bad airlines aren't like that anymore!!!
* Comfortable indoor and outdoor seating areas.
* First rate live music by bands like Glyde. 
* More women that men -- and they all seem to wear short skirts!
* No cover charge.


NOW THE BAD THINGS:

* Parking is a disaster. Expect to pay $6 for valet parking or be prepared to walk a long way.

* Drinks are overpriced. 

* Live bands don't have a stage to play. In a way it's cool because they play on the dance floor, but....... continue reading:

* The area to dance is very limited. Unoccupied tables take up a lot of the areas where you could dance. It's a good thing the tables didn't have people when I was there because dancers and diners would fall all over each other. 

* At first glance it would seem a great place to dance because the floor is made of wood. Unfortunately the wood is sticky so it's difficult to do anything but stationary wiggling and hip grinding. The sticky floor combined with tiny floor areas to dance will discourage any kind of real couple dancing. 

* If more than two couples are dancing at a time be prepared to do bump into your neighbors -- which might be kind of fun if one of those cute waitresses is walking by! My two left feet don't do well around things that can spill.

* The tiny areas to dance double as the walkways to the other areas of the bistro. During busy areas that will create very congested runways -- and may cause flight delays. 

Apparently Flight wasn't designed to have dancinng or live bands, so although it's good they have both, it's not a marriage made in heaven. If Flight takes off and attracts large crowds it will be like an airport without a control tower!
Saturday afternoon a couple of friends and I thought this would be a great place to go before our evening festivities.  We were the only people on the patio and I did not see anyone inside.  

Tables on the patio - the benches don't line up with the table. The table is about 5 inches too short for the benches.  It looked as though I didn't belong at the table.  

The server came over quickly after I sat down, he asked what I would like to drink, followed by, "other than water, its on its way out."  I asked for a taste of a wine from the menu, which he brought promptly and when I told him I didn't care for it he graciously offered other suggestions that he allowed me to taste.  He'd now been back to the table 4 times and each time I reminded him about my water and I still did not receive it until one of my friends forcefully told him I still needed water.  Drinks all set we start looking at appetizers - their Facebook page advertises $5 happy hour, in reality they have about 4 glasses of wine and a few vodka drinks for $5, there is no food in the "$5 happy hour."  

We ordered the meat and cheese combo, it arrived with pita, grapes and MOLDY strawberries!  Yes moldy!  I immediately brought the plate to the bar and asked for a new plate.  Its not as if the strawberries were merely placed on the board, there were sliced and carefully arranged - how did the chef/cook/person slicing not notice there was blue mold all over the strawberry?

We also ordered the buffalo wing dip and a tenderloin sandwich, the dip was good, the sandwich was meh.

My friend had told the server at the beginning of us ordering food that she was planning on ordering a certain dessert.  So when we finished our appetizers she asked him for the specific dessert he said that they were no longer serving it.  This seems like something he could have told her the first time she mentioned it.

Hopefully they work out the kinks and fix the tables.
Great food,  great service. I really enjoy the look and feel of this establishment.
I was here the other night for a networking/mixer event. I'd heard this place was overrated and and expensive so I probably would never have come here if the event wasn't held here. 

Couple things that are okay.
-Bar (better be okay or they'd be screwed)
-decor (the place has a fun vibe for sure hence why they get an extra star)

Couple things that suck big time:
-IDIOT cocktail server (someone asked for a hoppy beer, she said right away she didn't have one. but not because she knew what he meant, but just assumed they didn't. then when he went through 5 different types of beers, she didn't know them. Come on chick, your job is to get people drinks. Learn what you have and what you don't. There were other things she did that blew my mind - my friend ordered a glass of wine and then gave the server her CC. After which, she asked for water. The girl was like "water on the card?" OMG. I almost threw my drink in her face for being so dumb)
-Food - they had some happy hour specials. (Mediocre at BEST. My friend got the chicken tacos. I had a bite and they were okay. I wouldn't pay for that. They weren't god awful but they sure as well weren't something to write home about. Rather, they're something you wish you didn't eat because the calories just weren't worth it. We also ordered the buffalo dip. It was good! Thank god. But how the hell could you mess up cream cheese and buffalo sauce. That's just win win.)

Aside from the people there for the event, I really don't think anyone else was there. And I'm pretty sure it wasn't a closed event. Will I be back? Chances are highly unlikely. I'd rather spend my hard earned cash at a place with better food and better drinks and servers that I don't feel like smacking up side the face.
A friend suggested this place. I need to call him back and ask WHY!?! They actually patted my husband down! Now, admittedly, he is a little intimidating looking, but wth? The "sports bar: name is misleading, it was not really geared towards the sports fan. Anyway, it was definitely wasn't for me. I gave it the extra star because signs in the place said there was a hip hop DJ and dancing on weekend nights, so I suppose if that's what you were looking for it would be an OK place...
This place was the best dive to go to when I lived down the street.  The Draft House was never the place I wanted to frequent on the weekends.  Later at night and on the weekends is certainly when you'll be patted down.  That's the universal sign for u-turn and leave.  

If you're looking for a place to hang out after work and during football, it fits the bill.  Try the wings.  They are excellent.  I haven't had better wings ANYWHERE.  They are meaty, not breaded with many flavors to choose from.  The Draft House makes a decent pizza also.  

Do not go here for music/dancing (late night and weekends) unless you're into the cougars.  If you are into that, this is where you need to be.  After the pat-down from the bouncers, you'll get a different style of pat-down from the cougars.
On a whim, my buddy from work recommended lunch here awhile back. So I decided to give it a try. Typical bar food, but the special is one dozen wings for 4 bucks. Now let me tell you, I love wings. A lot. Hence the weight problem. Especially when they come Cajun style. So I can be honest and tell you, that the Cajun wings, after being thoroughly tested, are damn good. Haven't tried anything else here in 2 months, so I can't tell you about anything else, but it looks good when other people are eating it. 

So maybe this review has been zero help in choosing whether you visit here.  I'm sorry.  But if you like cajun wings, give this place a try.
A dive.

Stopped in for a beer.  Its a dive.
This is an ok little spot on the weekends if u like hip hop. Reminds me of bars back in my hometown of Cleveland. Very laid back and casual. People from AZ might call it hood.... But I have no issues with it:)  I can have a good time anywhere I go. I will be going there again soon:)
cheap two for ones every Friday and Saturday.  The Wings are to die for and always playing some good music
New owners took over this place a little over a week ago and they know what customer service is all about..it's refreshing to stop in and find the owner mingling with their customers and making sure they are enjoying themselves and asking for suggestions on how to make the place a better experience.
The food is amazing,especially the wings..
If you haven't been there lately it deserves another look, with the new owners you will be pleasantly surprised!
I had been here last year during football and vowed not to return after seeing the state of the bathrooms. Heard there were new owners and the first thing they did was fix them. Saw the Yelp coupon and decided to give them another try. Met the new owner who was really nice. They are trying new things including a country night on Fridays which I will definitely check out. Service was great and plenty of wing flavors to choose from. Onion rings were awesome.
New owners are very nice cleaned up the place really well david d and gina are great bartenders
Maybe because it's a Sunday or a brand new menu but service was extremely slow!  Server was a nice lady. However there were literally 3 other customers in the bar.   Food is average. Your typical bar food.  Very selected ( burger, grilled ham and cheese) however beer is cheap and cold!!!! Just order 2 at time cause it may take a while to get that second drink!
Great hh prices. Like to go and unwind. Definetly give it a try
I went to see my friend's band play - Bench Warrant.  I used to go to the draft house a lot after work, and always liked it.  I walked in, found a seat, and was promptly greeted and had a delicious beer in my hand within a few short minutes.  I decided to order a snack, and ordered the mix of onion rings, carrots, cheese sticks, etc.  It was delicious - especially the onion rings!  I do miss the beef tacos they used to have on the menu - with homemade salsa.  Maybe the new owners will bring those back.  This is still a great place to hear music and sit with friends.
Great environment for Sunday football. Wings are delicious. Avoid the garlic parmasean fries. They are hyped up but have no real flavor
Excellent big wings - good happy hour.
I love dive bars, and when I walked into the Draft House, I knew I found my new spot! By far the best wings in the East Valley. I recommend the Lemon Pepper Medium. They have a massive amount of flavors, all of which can be mixed. The wings are nice and meaty, and always crisp to perfection. 

Great drink and beer selection. Always a nice PBR special! Ermahgerd!!!

They have pub style poker there with a huge group of people that play. Lots of tvs, not all updated, but it is a dive bar as I mentioned, so they keep it classy and old school. 

One of the cooler features that is new is being able to control the jukebox from your smartphone, so you can discreetly throw on your favorite Justin Bieber hit from the comfort of your barstool. (I saw you singing though, I know who you are.)

Make sure you check em out soon. Eat wings, drink PBR, and throw on some guilty pleasure music from your smartphone.
Great prices on food and drinks.  Great live music.  No Cab, only Merlot.
I wish they had a zero star option. I've been out to Arizona, from California, a few times now. Last month I went to Mill Ave and had an awesome time... but last night I went to this place and wow. Apparently looking Caucasian and classy gets you treated horribly by the other patrons. I can't even describe the amount of ghettoness that surrounded me. A girl tried to fight me over holding a seat while my friend stepped away for 3 minutes, people were openly smoking weed on the patio, and I saw 2 fights almost happen in the bathroom. On top of that, when you try to strike up casual conversation with men or women, you get either crazy looks or attitudes. I think the only reason people don't get stabbed or shot in here is because they use the metal detector wand at the door, and obviously for a reason considering their type of customers. Oh, and one of the bartenders was rude... an old white guy. Side note, I helped my boyfriend run a business for quite a few years and I'm pretty shocked that the yelp owner for this business left a sarcastic comment in response to someone's review here. First, I'm seriously confused that so many people give this place a good review, and second, as a business owner, you should never respond to customers like that. Very immature and definitely indicative of why your business is the second most ghetto place I've ever walked in to. Considering I spent quite a bit of time in South Central LA, that says something about your establishment and customers.
Best wings in the east valley.... hands down. Dingy sports bar and you won't be disappointed with the WINGSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
If you go friday pretty good happy hour and the WINGS are the best ever !!!! I used to be a faithful saturday night girl there, even met my husband there "crazy" ... but now I will never go there on a saturday again ... super ghetto and since new owner the drinks became horrible... and that was one thing i loved for 20 bucks a couple drinks and dancing was a great night. The waitress's all got super bad attitudes and over charge... so if you go on a saturday be prepared to see gang bangers.... hootchie regects from the could not make it at the strip club .... and do not order from the waitress... wait in the line for the bartender.. why pay even more for a crappy drink... and I don't think its the bartenders fault its the new owner!
One of my fav dive bars in Chandler. Great place to hang with friends and they have Strongbow on tap!
My wife and I used to go there all the time in the early afternoon when it was the Draft House, always got great service.  Then it really went hip hop and ghetto.   Would never think of going at night.   Even in the day we had to sit and listen to the Juke box play itself every 5 minutes with hip hop trash.
Got so we couldn't take it so we stopped going,  even though the bartender mgr  if she is still there is very special to us.  Have not been there in some time.    Hip hop ruined what was supposed to be a sports bar.
The wings were great, and the fish tacos, thus the 2 stars.
This place is a dive, and it's dank, and it's dark, and I don't care.  It's called The Reef and I'm glad they changed the name because "Draft House" would imply that they had a great selection of draft beers (they don't).

All of that, and still 4 stars?  Well you see, their wings are stellar.  This isn't a recommendation from some schlub who thinks all wings are just the best...you all know that guy....he eats a dozen wings that look cold and slimy and says "They're not bad!".  No, I'm a wing connoisseur, having traveled far and wide to find the best wings in the city, and I can safely say these are Top 3 Wings.

Better than Native's mediocre dreck.  Better than Buffalo Wild Wing's garbage.  Better than most of your sports bars that have won awards (looking at you, Half Moon).  Better than ATL Wings across the street? ....ehhhh probably not.  But still, stellar, big, well-cooked wings with a GREAT hot sauce.  And try the Donkey Sauce, it'll kick the shit out of you.
I took my other half here for fathers day to try the wings, I ordered a grilled chicken salad. It was the worst salad EVER! I couldn't even eat the chicken on it. If thats what it was. It had grill marks on it but tasted boiled, microwaved, dry, and absolutely no taste for $8 bucks. I let the waitress know that the chicken needed improvement as she took my full un-eaten plate away. She laughed and said that's why she orders the breaded.  Really?  Won't go outta my way to eat there again.  BTW the wings were about a 7/10. Since we had other plans, I went hungry the rest of the afternoon.
Went to the official opener tonight; enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was excellent.

Look and feel is rustic, but clean, western cowboy theme with country music playing, a stage for live acts at night, flights of bourbons and whiskeys and plenty of beers. There's a small outdoor patio with a couple hi-tops with more hi-tops inside aside the bar and open-faced brick wall and a handful of regular tables near the back.

Local drafts are Four Peaks Kiltlifter, SanTan Devils Ale and the Lumberyard IPA. Prices were $5.25 for 16oz, $7.25 for 20oz. More local stuff in cans/bottles for $4.50 and local domestic bottles 3.75.

There was a list of wines for $6-$13 glass.

Beer cocktails were $8 with mixed cocktails ranging from $7-$10.

Whiskey flights ranged from $11-$16
Bourbon & Whiskey pours were $5.50-$9.50
NOTE: There were some instant complaints on the lack of quality in the selection from the Bourbon drinkers with me - basic mentions of typical store-bought varieties.

Had some food as well... The food was excellent! I had the chicken bacon brie club - it was badass. Few friends had the burgers and a few different appetizers which were great too.

Server girls were in respectable plaid button down shirts with jean shorts and either cowgirl boots or sneakers.

There were 3 flat panels about 42" at the bar and 2 more in far corners. Looks like they had satellite package with all the sports but I didn't get a chance to ask if they'd have the big games and UFC fights.

Free WiFi too! Seemed fast.

Overall I see great promise from Bourbon Jack's. I hope they can overcome the common slowness of lunch service that downtown Chandler has sadly become known for. Great new place to check out and the live music is going to be great for downtown Chandler. Good luck guys! See you soon.
My friends and I were walking around downtown Chandler trying to figure out where to eat.  I didn't know this was a new restaurant, but when we looked at the menu outside we decided to eat here.  

It's a whiskey bar, country themed.  There weren't any really inexpensive drinks there, the cheapest was a $4.5 beer.  The cocktail menu was interesting, not cheap, but I enjoyed my Kentucky cream soda (with bourbon).  

The menu was nice, it wasn't huge but it has enough variety that kept us from making a quick decision on what to get.  We all got burgers, but it was a tough decision, the sandwiches looked great also.  The burger was cooked perfectly to order, the bun was a bit flufly was tasty.  Nice change, roasted tomatoes instead of fresh tomatoes on my burger.  The fries were solid, nice side.  We ordered a mac and cheese side to share.  It was fantastic.  Creamy (a little Velveeta like, but I like that sometimes) and with enough spice to make it interesting.  

The service was pleasant and quick.  Our waitress was nicely attentive.  

Live music was at 9pm.  The tables were pushed back to make a mini dance floor but we were able to keep our table, which gave us a nice front row view.  It was incredibly loud though.  Hard to handle right after dinner so we left after a couple songs.  The band was great, we just couldn't handle the noise.  

I'd would go back to check out the other items on the menu for sure.  Nice addition to downtown.
I've been trying to branch out and try more new places lately. After all...if you're going to Yelp, shouldn't you at least have some good material? (The answer is, of course, yes.)

So, as I was perusing the Yelp page this past week, I noticed the "New Businesses in Phoenix" section. There was a decently enticing picture of two bartenders at a place called "Bourbon Jack's".

Bourbon Jack's is a brand new establishment recently opened in Downtown Chandler. As you can tell from the pictures and other reviews, the overall theme is that of a country/western establishment. The waitresses are dressed in flannel shirts and cowboy boots while they pump country music in through the sound system.

As my wife and I were approaching the establishment, we saw that there was a hostess' stand out on the sidewalk, right next to the outdoor patio (the only place where they allow smoking, btw). The hostess was young and chipper, and happy to seat us.

Upon entering, my wife and I were surprised by how narrow the establishment was! Sure, the place was long...but I can imagine that when the joint is a-jumpin', there will be several opportunities for bar fights that stem from spilling someone else's drink. Thankfully, when we arrived for Friday Happy Hour (between 4 and 7 pm), the place wasn't even remotely crowded yet.

Almost immediately upon being seated, we were greeted by Stephanie T (that's literally how she introduced herself to us). Stephanie was extremely pleasant. She was also very versed with regards to the menu. Having never been there before, we asked her for her suggestions. Much to our delight, she suggested we order the Cajun Barbecue Shrimp as an appetizer http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#nof5V8vj92-fQL_m3H3Gyg (1/2 price due to Happy Hour). It was DELICIOUS! The only downside to ordering the Happy Hour version of the appetizer is that you only get a half-sized portion. That means that there's an odd number of shrimp...so, be prepared to bargain with your date if you split it!

While we were enjoying our appetizer, we also sampled a few drinks. My wife, being a margarita aficionado, opted for something called the Spicy Senorita Maragarita http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#SJJkVL7z8_Gn8gM2IWDpSA. If you look closely at the picture, you'll notice that there are, in fact, jalapenos in this drink. Per my wife, it was a nice gimmick, but the seeds that fell out of the jalapenos became a burden as they sat in the beverage.

I, on the other hand, wanted to get a tall Miller Lite with those awesome happy hour prices. Much to my dismay, they don't have Miller Lite on tap (they do have Coors and several others, though). So, I decided to go with an IPA instead. The IPA they have on tap is called Lumberyard IPA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#NzeBJuKzei1_Cr08oOMixw. It came in a 22 oz glass, and had an alcohol content that might make a European think twice about ordering a refill.

Now, on to the meal. 

We wanted burgers. They definitely had them! My wife got the Standard Cheeseburger with American Cheese and a side of cole slaw (french fries are the standard side, but you can swap for any available side at no extra cost)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#Hxj9zOwjNJaapc7CA1RGqg. The burger came with lettuce and sun dried tomatoes, which was a nice touch.

I, being a fan of bacon, opted for the BJG Burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#5wIWJRVr4qxJiJIlKSHlow. This burger comes with bacon, pepper jack cheese, and it's also got barbecue sauce. As you can tell from the picture of the completed burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#hJrNFiKJDhNk1tnI0I9PHw, it's VERY thick! Now, a word of caution if you order this burger...the barbecue sauce makes the bottom bun very soggy, ultimately making a delicious mess. So, either ask for extra napkins, or you can be a genius like me, and just turn the burger upside down!

At the end of our dinner, the damage was minimal. With an appetizer, two alcoholic beverages, and two burger plates, we spent around $40. Not a bad deal, if you ask me.

We only stayed for dinner, so we didn't get a chance to witness any live music or dancing. But, the stage area and dance floor look like they could make for a pretty decent time should we decide to come back http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#2V1KqyIjc0G-HLWGhDtKHA.

The next time we're in Downtown Chandler, we might have to make a return, if only for the Happy Hour beers and appetizers!

If you like Country music, a cool atmosphere, and a good meal, you should definitely take a trip Downtown and see what this place is about!
We decided to try Bourbon Jacks on my bf's birthday (it fell on a Wednesday and I got off late, options were pretty limited). We were pleasantly surprised. Our waitress was great, super friendly & helpful. We each got a Bourbon cocktail (Bulliet over Broadway for him, Kentucky Cream Soda for me) and the corn bread to start. It was a great way to start our meal, the drinks were yummy & stiff and the cornbread was delicious. He ordered the pulled pork sandwich with slaw, while I went for the beef dip and chose the mac & cheese for my side, as a recommendation from our waitress. He loved everything about his meal. The mac & cheese was amazing and the beef dip was good, with one exception, the Au jus was super greasy and separating in the cup. I am not a complainer so I was just going to finish it without bothering with the Au jus but after my bf tried it he asked the waitress if they had any that was less greasy. She was really gracious about it, brought out some that was way better and apologized/ thanked us for saying something since the original sauce was made by a new staff member and not correct at all. It's a little on the pricey side but we'll definitely go back for the quality food & drinks and the great service.
We tried this new place last week for lunch, and it was amazing! The food was awesome, and this place gets high marks in my book for decor. They uncovered the original, historic brickwork, washed it down (since it had been covered up with drywall), and it looks beautiful. It's a perfect fit for this country-down home-western themed restaurant. The rest of the decor is rustic, and there's lots of exposed wood. They also kept the original, historic metal ceiling tiles. Gorgeous!

Ok, back to the food. We tried the special of the day, the Green Chile chicken chowder, which was amazing. The other special was the Grilled Meatloaf sandwich, also delicious. But what really won us over was the Corn Bread with Orange BUTTER! Oh my goodness, this was a treat. Definitely worth a try. 

We also tried the mac and cheese that came as a side, and it was great. It had a little spice to it, which kept it interesting. Very, very cheesy, the best kind. You could tell they put a lot of work and attention into this menu.

Can't wait to go back. It's an awesome addition to the downtown Chandler area, and I hope they get lots of support.
We just had lunch here and it was delicious!  I had the BJG Burger with the Dixie Stix and the burger was great and the fries (dixie stix) were amazing!  Not your ordinary country bar here people.  The Mack and Cheese looked really good too so I might try that next time.  I wanted to get the Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich but I was too full.  I work in Downtown Chandler and must say this was a great quick lunch with great service as we were in and out within the hour.
We were heading somewhere else for lunch, then saw their sign on the corner. Well played Bourbon Jacks! So we had lunch. Was pretty good. My friend had the mac-n-cheese, and I had the chicken salad. I love crunch in my salad, so the pecans added were perfect. We split an order of cornbread, which was pretty sweet but still very tasty. 

The decor is neat- rustic and clean. The music was definitely too country for my taste, but I knew what I was getting into. ;) I'd go back for sure!
My wife and I stopped by for dinner. Great food!  We had a rib eye steak, it was great.  The Mac and cheese entre was very good. The Cajun barbecue shrimp was fantastic!
Went there because of the reviews. First, server was fantastic but did miss one this. Got the corn bread and it was flat and crispy. Later saw others with  fluffy corn bread and maybe it was better,  Nothing  special taste wise either.  Got the $9 polled pork sandwich. Taste was wonderful but it was a small bar food portion.  So to me this was an average place to go.  Nothing wrong with going there but just think more of a bar than a restaurant.
Just what Chandler's growing downtown area needs, a country bar!  

First round review at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon probably isn't a good gauge of how Bourbon Jacks operates for weekend nightlife, however we went for some food and to take a look-see at the vibe and to determine whether it was worth it to come back.

The bar is wedged in a narrow space off Boston and Arizona Ave in downtown Chandler, park in the gravel lot behind the buildings, across from the City of Chandler building. It's a long, narrow bar with super neato exposed brick to one side and rustic, wooden bar on the other. The reviews from others about the atmosphere are pretty spot on. See pictures too.

My husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich and I ordered the corn bread and bowl of chicken chili. His sandwich looked pretty decent, he said, "not the best he's had, but pretty darn good." The corn bread was served in a tin, about the size of a dessert plate with a side of the most delicious orange, sweet butter ever! I would definitely recommend an order to split with your table. The chili was very tasty, not spicy, but had very good flavor depth, little pieces of pickled jalapeno and onion sprinkled on top really rounded out the overall taste.  We both ordered the Lumberjack IPA, a hoppy beer in 20 oz glass, cost $7 - wish we were there for happy hour!

Our server was FANTASTIC! I wish I knew her name because she was so genuinely friendly and helpful. The whole staff was very nice. 
The bands play a Wednesday-Saturday, according to our server anywhere from 8pm-1am, mostly a mix of country with a little bit of classic rock, also according to our server. 

We will definitely be back!
Love the mac'n cheese if you're in for a heavier meal. It's spicy, but definitely good. Also, I really loved the pulled pork sandwich. This sandwich is very sweet with onions, so it goes really great with a side of mac'n cheese! But prepared to get a little messy - as with all good sandwiches, and especially good pulled pork.

The country atmosphere is really fun. I'm not usually in Chandler at night, but I bet some of their live music is pretty good (they have a little stage in the back). Hostesses are super welcoming and wear a cute little country getup.

Only reason why they didn't get a 5 in my book is because the service is kind of off. I know they just opened so they're working on it, but the couple times I've been our food has come out 5 minutes apart and sometimes the drink orders are not really in sync either. However, I have confidence this is improving daily as they get used to the new business.
Truth be told, I thought everything was just ok.  My husband had eaten here with some friends and wanted me to try it, so we went for lunch.  He set my expectations high because he really liked his food the first time.  I wasn't overly impressed with the food, it was tasty but not for the price.  I kind of felt like for what you're getting it was a bit too expensive.  Lunch for 3 people was over $60 including tip (no alcohol or anything).  I'm not itching to go back and probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.  I will say the service was friendly and you can tell they really care and are eager to make it a good experience.  For me, price/value/taste wasn't there.
Went here once and it was decent. Older crowd. Opening weekend maybe? But towards 11 or so some of the older people start to head home. Drinks are the regularly high bar prices.
Update 9/4/13 Was in Chandler again and thought I'd stop in here one more time. WOW, they must have replaced the staff since the place was jumping and everyone was super friendly with amazing customer service...food was ok.

I found the Xmas lights in downtown Chandler to be great! I was even excited to see a new bar/restaurant "Bourbon Jacks" was added. We stopped in for a drink and a meal and wow what a disappointment! We sat at the bar for an easy 10 Min waiting for any staff to come by and say hi and take our order. (There was maybe 5 customers and 6 wait staff at the time we where there.)We finally decided to spend our bucks elsewhere after I waved to the staff for service and all I received in return was a wave back. The crystal ball says this place won't last unless they make a change to their wait staff.
My review is based solely on drinks, and atmosphere. I stopped in here with friends during the last couple hours of it being open. Had a decent band on stage- WAY too loud for us to talk, unless we stood outside. The building is pretty narrow, so you get bumped into quite a bit, even if you're not in the middle of everyone. Seems like this will turn into a typical country, late night bar for people. I guess that's good. I'd like to go back again to get a better perspective. The drinks we had were great, but I could tell the bartenders were overworked by the time we came in. I guess we'll see how it is next time...
It's probably a cool place to eat, drink, and listen to music but definitely not to dance. The room is narrow and long, which could get annoying if you want to get close to the band or the restrooms (on the far end of the room). Unfortunately the dance floor is miniscule, so any type of dancing besides stationary free-style would be out of the question. It might be possible to fit a dozen line dancers there but only if they knew enough of the dance to avoid collisions or kicking each other.

Of course most country dancing is not stationary and requires a partner, so maybe the venue would be better off playing punk or metal so that "dancers" can stand in one place and wiggle their hips. 

Perhaps 2 or 3 couples could swing dance if they were crazy enough to do such a thing. The floor is old, worn cement that has too many coats of paint on top-- and quite sticky, perhaps from greasy food and spilled drinks. The floor is made to look like tile -- and there are wide cracks between each large square. It would be dangerous to do turns or spins even if the food was mopped off the floor for dance night. Yech! 

There is an elevated stage for live bands so whoever designed this place had listening to music and dancing in mind. Oh well, 1 out of 2 ain't bad!

When I went there nothing was going on because it was early in the week. Tables and chairs were set in a small area in front of  the stage. The only way for dancing to take place would be to remove those tables because they are close together and occupy the entire dance area. It will be interesting to go there on a busy night to see who wins the dance area -- diners with money or dancers.
Awesome place and atmosphere! Military welcomed greatly! Thanks Kellen!
Great atmosphere.

Great service.

Great music.


Horrible food. =/

Majorly bummed since this is a newer neighborhood restaurant. Had high hopes for it being great. The food sounds like its gonna be great but it just fails. Tastes as though the chef might be young and experimenting with creative bar food but it ends up being just too much of something or another. Too tart, too salty, too much fruit flavoring on the porn wings, Hoison wings that taste like a salt lick.

Bummed out on this review. Wanted to love this place!
Bourbon Jack's is a nice little place. My wife and I went there for a Saturday lunch. The food was great. They did a good job crafting a unique and focused menu. Everytime I order a french dip at a Valley restaurant, I usually end up regretting it once it's served, but this place got it right with their ribeye dip. The beef was hot and juicy, not rubbery like other places, and they weren't shy with the horseradish. It was great. My wife got the chicken, brie sandwhich with the spicy mac n cheese. They were also winners. We enjoyed the rustic western feel and will have to check it out at night when they have some live music. The only thing keeping me from giving Bourbon Jack's a 5 was the prices. The ribeye dip was a bit pricey at 12 bucks, but it did come with a choice of side.
Right idea, bad location. 

OK so I finally had to try the much hyped Bourbon Jacks in downtown Chandler. I must say, the atmosphere was better than I expected.  The band was a GREAT country rock band.  

Unfortunately the place is much much much too small for a band of that caliber and 2-step dancing.  This tiny little place had a tiny little dance floor where you were literally dancing right up into the singer's face.  3 couples at best could dance in there without running into each other.  The band is so close to the customers that you cannot hear a thing anybody says.  So you can rule out conversation. 

There are very few tables and they were all completely full before we even arrived around 9pm.  No biggie, we can stand.  However...where do you put your drink when you want to dance?  We were standing right next to a table of people who were doing nothing but sitting. Not even a drink on the table.  So we would  occasionally set our drinks on the table.  The waitress proceeds to tell me that we are being rude by doing so.  Huh?  They had NOTHING on the table.  How am I being rude to set my drink down to go dancing?  If anything, those people were rude for taking a table and not ordering any drinks.  She should be telling them to move rather than telling off paying customers.  

The waitresses only serve tables. The bar is much too crowded to leave your space and try to make your way to the bar to get a drink.  

Customers are like sardines in a can. You can't help but feel up everyone around you because you are constantly being pushed, knocked and tousled into people.  If you meet some odd character that you want to get away from, good luck.  There is no way out and nowhere to go without being seen.

Bottom line, great idea but the space is much too small. They need to expand into adjacent areas or change the venue to something more like an acoustic guitar player, lounge type place rather than a multi piece band with dancing.   It just doesn't work in such a small space. 

I give it 3 stars for the great band and having a good idea. I hope you expand...oh and make table hoarders buy drinks or move on.
Definitely don't  go to this place as an after hours place unless you are in your 20's  and the doorman thinks you 'deserve' to go in.  Our party of 4 was asked to wait outside as the establishment was too packed, we stood there and watched him let in a 'young' crowd of 5-6  in.  Appalled!!!! Stick to San tan brewery and Couch and Willies-  Bourbons won't make it in chandler treating patrons like that-good luck and hopefully good bye.
Bourbons is a nice place and I am going to comment only on the late-night atmosphere (bar only) because I haven't gone here during the day.

(NOTE: I have already left a review and because it was slightly negative, did Bourbon's delete it?)

With that said, Bourbons is a pretty nice Chandler country bar. There aren't many country bars around but this one is right in Downtown Chandler. Yee-haw.

I felt that the place was too small for it's britches in all honesty. When I go out for the night wherever it be the number one priority is to drink. To do this you need either people coming to give you drinks or to be able to get to the bar. This place failed on both of those fronts. There was maybe one server on the floor and the bar was packed.

No offense to the older crowd but the older crowd that is there up til 11pm stick to the bar like flys on cow-pies. They have all their chairs line up and cozied up to the bar and it is impossible to get to the bar to holler at the bartender. Most seem to be sitting there babysitting their drink for an hour. Even if you manage to tap someone on the shoulder (which you shouldn't have to) the chairs are heavy, bulky, and there are so many people packed in there that you can't move it over to access the bar.

Now I may be 30yrs old, but I still like to occasionally go out and get hammered drunk. Because the bar is pretty much off-limits I pretty much find myself drinking one beer for 3 hours because I know it's an absolute bitch to get to the bar. My suggestion to Burbons (if you're listening) is to ditch half those damn chairs when you stop serving. If people want to stand by the bar then they can do that - I'd just much rather wiggle my way in between standing people than trying to catapult myself over the Great-Wall-of-Bourbon-Jack-Chairs.

The atmosphere is pretty cool. I mean, it's country and I love country. It is a little loud in there though - and this is coming from someone who searches out where it is the loudest in a club because I like to *feel* my music. I guess I would rather my country music to be a little quieter. I shouldn't have to holler at the top of my lungs to talk to someone across from me... at the back of the bar.

Also, where are the drink specials?
Ok first time in and I really liked it. Had a burger and Mac and cheese and all I can say is wow. I am not a country boy by any means but the live band was not bad. Service was great and friendly. The one negative thing I have is that crowd was strange mix of young college age and older wild I don't know what's lol. Not that I'm saying there is anything wrong with that lol. Overall we really liked the place for a fun night out.
This is a cute country bar and the band was good. It did get a crowded later in the night. Bartenders were friendly and I didn't have to wait long for my drinks.
Fun times in OT chandler!
They have great service and I like this new country bar. Wish live music started earlier.
Blehhhh... just a new place for the old folks from Tom Ryan's to visit.... not a fan.
Great time!  Manager was really cool, service was good.  Get there a bit early, can get packed quickly.  1 negative...just wish we had 1 in Meas.  Will be back and this time going to try some food.
So I REALLY want to like this place.  The decor is awesome, service was average, nothing to complain about, nothing to rave about.  Went for a late Sunday lunch.  Got the Bacon Blue chips for an app.  They were nice and crispy but had BBQ flavor powder all over them, like what you get out of the bag.  Kinda strange, but edible.  Boyfriend ordered the chicken sandwich with ham (forgot what it was called). It was pretty good from the bite I had.  The slaw on the side was good according to him, but can you really go wrong with sriracha slaw? 
I ordered the OMG burger and fries.  The burger was anything but OMG... the bun was charred, the onions were supposed to be carmelized but were just transparent and bland(no seasoning or even S&P) mushrooms were just there, no texture, no flavor and the burger was way over done and dry also no basic salt & pepper.  I barely ate half and gave the rest to my garbage disposal aka boyfriend.  All it would have taken for this to be a great burger was some salt and pepper!!  I hate to say it but I've had a better burger from a fast food chain.  And we all know those aren't good...  
Maybe we went there on an off day or tried the right food (if it's on the menu it should be good, right?)  Maybe we'll give it another shot.
Really nice downtown place with good food and nice atmosphere. People watching from sidewalk patio is good. Lunch is good and so is dinner. Particularly like ribs , fried chicken and Mac & Cheese! Yes, Mac& Cheese with chicken is really special.
Larry & Vicki
Awesome restaurant! Everyone working there were very friendly and fun to be around. The food was delicious. We will definitely visit again!
I LOVED the bourbon selection. Our server was well trained on the menu and knew a lot about the bourbons and she was able to suggest a few new ones.

The service was great. The food was good. The menu got me pretty excited but it didn't totally deliver. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my meal and will be back but whoever wrote that menu really knew how to sell food. 

I have been let down by most of the Downtown Chandler restaurants, I have high hopes for this place though. If they keep the service, decor, and bourbon selection as strong as it is now I will stop in more and more often.
This place is great! Very friendly staff that make you feel at home. The food is pretty good, with some different menu items, like their bacon bleu chips or their pig wings.
I go here all the time for happy hour after work, and we are never disappointed.
First time into this place was a pleasant experience.  We were seated immediately and our waitress was there to take our drink orders.  This place appears to be well managed, the waitress was able to offer selections that were spot on.  As we were sitting there we noticed either the manager or the owner very actively involved in supporting his staff, very impressed.  The food was really good  The only downside was that the place is small, and the tables are very close together.  Other than that, good stuff.
Our waitress was super nice which is the reason I am giving them 2 stars basically for the service. The food was nothing worth going back to eat. My omelet was gross but the potatoes were like chopped cubed french fries, decent. They added way too many onions to my omelet I could barely tell If it had bacon in it. I also wish that their menu for breakfast was just a tad bit more lengthy so I had more to choose from since I happen to be on a diet and watching what I eat. They only have potatoes as a side to their breakfast which doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me. Yes it's a country bar/restaurant but c'mon people it's not McDonald's you are a restaurant/bar and you have broccoli as a lunch side can you make your breakfast selection a little calorie conscious. Sheesh.

:/

My Bloody Mary was quite delish I severely wish I got a salad or just some broccoli instead. Such a disappointment.
Had lunch here today.   My buffalo chicken wrap was good and my husband's burger was outstanding.   I tried it too and it was the best burger I've tasted in a long time.  Healthier sides would be a nice addition. Staff is friendly and attentive. I'm a country music fan so loved that too. Great experience.
Awesome.  Had Greek salad and rib eye sandwich. Both great!  Staff was very friendly and the manager talked to me about whiskey while I ate.  Friend had the BLT- yummy.  place was clean and reasonable.
Tonight was the second time we've been to Bourbon Jacks in a week, I think it's safe to say we've found a new favorite. Both Friday night and a weeknight happy hour have great (strong) drinks, awesome music, and incredible service. The whiskey selection is impressive, the beer list had a bit of everything, and the beer cocktails were delicious. The Devil Went Down to Georgia is so good you may need to call a cab. Happy hour drink prices are pretty good and both servers and bartenders are quick with a suggestion if you can't make up your mind.
I haven't heard a song I didn't like, though country haters beware, you won't be hearing any top 20 here. It's all country all the time. Love it! Live music every weekend looks like a good time, we left right before it started unfortunately but the place was getting packed so they must be doing something right! 
Both visits we ordered food, and it was great! The dinner portions are huge! It's good comfort food and lots of it. Brought home leftovers for the husband and he thought I'd ordered a separate meal just for him (let's just let him keep thinking that). 

But what really blew us away about this place is the service. Friday night we had the greatest server, I believe her name was Emily. She was the epitome of a people person. Or as my friend described her, sweet as pie. She had us laughing and having a great time the entire meal and was quick with suggestions. Our drinks were never empty and we never had to wait for a thing. Great servers like that are hard to come by. I sincerely hope the management appreciates what a gem they have in her. Her service alone is what has turned us into future regulars. 
For happy hour we sat at the bar and still had great, above and beyond, service. It was an upbeat yet relaxed atmosphere with the vibe of a neighborhood bar yet still friendly to "outsiders". $5 small bites included pretzel bread which was amazing and pulled pork sliders. Perfect for soaking up our happy hour beer cocktail fix. 

Can't wait for our next visit, it's great to see Downtown Chandler getting some more bars that are unassuming and don't cost an arm and a leg. Hoping it keeps it's down to earth, small town feel. Now if only Chandler would add some more parking...
This place has great soup for lunch!! Good service too.  My husband and I spent a beautiful afternoon on the patio.  Downtown Chandler is getting better and better by the year.
The burger/sandwich selection is amazing here!  I got the Bacon Bleu Burger, which exceeded expectations!  This place opened my mind to eating burgers with pretzel buns...I can't go back.  The OMG looks amazing as well.  I don't come to Chandler very often at all, but I'd like to go back here if I ever do find myself in Chandler again.

It's a little too loud here.  Don't take someone out here on a date if you two plan on talking to each other.  Go here on a date if you plan on dancing to the music, which isn't really my cup of tea--it's a little too Country for my style.  I can see how some people like it and the overall ambiance of the place.
First lets premise this review with the good point of the fact we are so happy to have a country bar on this side of town, we met at denim and diamonds 20 years ago so country music and dancing are close to our heart. Now, the bad, actually the worst part.....The smoke smell is HORRIBLE in this place, because it is so tiny and they doors are open to the patio (I just don't get that) which lets every iota of smoke in, so it might as well be a smoking bar. I was pretty sure according to Az law that you must be a certain distance away from the entrance to smoke and this is what I found. "*Prohibit anyone including employees, vendors, and customers from smoking inside and within 20 feet of all entrances into your place of business" So there it is. IF they are going to let the smokers smoke so close to the venue atleast shut all the doors so the rest of us aren't inhaling that disgusting second hand smoke. I woke up with full on smokers headache and cough this morning which ruins the happy fact of being able to go country dancing. UGH, my clothes stink, my hair stinks. :-(]
The bands are always amazing tho!
Stopped because beautiful day in Arizona. Had the Jacks Ribeye sandwich. Excellent. Cole slaw was different. But Really great  spicey and flavorful. Wife had grilled cheese @ bacon. Again different and Really Good. Waitress Mandy. Excellent and kept Ice Te full. I recommend Great Quick Lunch
Fun spot! Service was great. Food was so so but that's what I expect eating at a bar.  Drinks were great.
When I was told Bourbon Jacks had the best mac and cheese in the state of Arizona, my response was, "Prove it."  So, Bourbon Jacks definitely has the best mac and cheese in Arizona. Not only that, but their Bacon Bleu Burger is incredible. Expect to use a lot of napkins. Especially if you have a little mouth. That burger is juicy and messy, but soooo good. 
The ambiance is beautifully rustic and the service is fabulous. 
Great lunchtime destination for anytime you're in the downtown Chandler area.
Must have the mac and cheese!!! It is amazing. 

Prices are super reasonable, especially on happy hour! 

Good atmosphere, I like the patio the best.
Absolutely love this bar!  Amazing staff, great ambiance and live music nearly every night.  I've been coming here since it opened and would recommend it to anyone. Eclectic menu with great daily specials and a killer back bar of bourbon and whiskey.  Keep up the great work!!
If you would like an orgasm, and honestly who doesn't, go to bourbon jacks and get the Mac daddy Mac and cheese with chicken. Make sure (if a female) to bring a towel to sit on...because it truly is orgasmic, and you do not want to get your chair or floor wet. Bartenders are great. In honest opinion the best downtown chandler has to offer (and I am walking distance from there). Overall if you are trying to go somewhere in chandler and you don't go here, go back to wherever the hell you came from, because it will be easier for me to enjoy myself here and eat my Mac and cheese!
Met an amazing boy here & Love the Country atmosphere! :)
Its not pricy at all just so u know. At most its $$. Cornbread with orange butter was really good. Mac n cheese was yummy.  Had the bjg burger..mmmm. Cajun shrimp was good but I'm not sure its worth the $
OK, I hate giving bad reviews .... 
But I HAVE TO from our meal today... 

We did not get drinks, so maybe its better as a "bar" , I don't know. BUT DO NOT expect much for the food part of it. 

I went with my guy and 2 kids and we ordered 1 kids burger , a small salad, another side salad with a side of fries and a burger with fries meal. Ok , really??? We are talking about ONE adult full meal !!!!!! it was about 40 bucks !!!! And NO alcoholic beverages.. just 2 iced teas and 2 waters.with a tip this was almost a 50 dollar mean and I am stunned..

It wasn't just the price though.. That WOULD  NOT have been as much of an issue if the food was decent. Both salads were NOT good at all... I left feeling hungry and the taste of the food was not good.. 

The server was ok... it was at lunch time, not dinner and there weren't alot of people in there at all..  

I did like the ambience .. its a nice place. It was my first time here. I really wish it was good because I live a couple miles from here and would love to make this a regular hangout ..however after today, we will not be going back here. 

I had spoken to a co-worker of mine who doesn't yelp and she had a bad experience here a few months ago, but  I didn't want to take her advice because everyone has different experience and likes/dislikes, etc... This is just my opinion obviously and I will not be returning.
Ya know this place is really fun. We have come here a handful of times now and other than the food this is a great place to drink. The food is still quite bad in all regards.

Also if you go during the day it's definitely a GAY BAR. They leave the hot waitresses at home all day gifts apparently and it's just guys catering to 90% gay men. Still a cool place. Me and the spouse really don't mind at all. Good happy Hour!

Here's the thing that bugs me as well. Come here at 3 on a weekday and it's packed. 1 bartender, 1 manager (Mike), it will take you absolutely forever to get a drink because the Manager will go sit in the back the entire time while the bartender waits on the entire restaurant! There was literally 25 people in the bar, 12 at the bar and the rest at tables. 1 bartender!  Absurd.
Really fun place with great happy hour specials and wonderful food. We ordered tons of stuff and split everything and the entire group was pleased with all of the food choices. One downside - noise level. Impossible to have a conversation even early on a Tuesday.. The waitress made one or two mistakes and forgot to bring some items to the table but she quickly corrected this. 

Food we tried:

Wings with sonoran bbq sauce - yummy and crispy. Wish there were more to the order. 

Cajun bbq shrimp - shrimp were well cooked but the star was the Cajun sauce at the bottom. Should be served with more bread to soak it all up! We asked for more and then found on the bill we were charged for each slice. A little ridiculous but worth it for the sauce!

Chicken stew - thick and spicy. Just awesome. 

Mac n cheese - really the best in AZ

Ribs - OMG. No other words. So tender!

Chicken Ceasar salad - would've been better if chicken was warm but still a nice dish

Seared ahi tuna salad - very yummy and a nice mixture of cabbage and veggies. Love the crunch of the seeds. Could really use some more tuna for the price however.
Fun place! Live music when we went Friday night. Drink menu was great. Good place to try new drinks. Can't have table by the stage after 9:30pm, area becomes a dance floor. The bar was small and the band was good.  Corn bread was dry dry dry! Would not get it again. Would come back and try other items.  Staff was awesome.
This place is incredible!  The turkey pastrami Is one of the best sandwiches ever!!!  The Mac n Cheese is delicious.  The service is excellent too!   The whole staff is over the top helpful.  We will be back!
3.5 stars, rounding up to 4 because legitimate honest effort seems to indicate they'll get much better.

Located in the former Ruth's Chris location on Paradise Rd, Kelly's is in some tough company in one of the best steak cities in the country. My friends and I were excited to see how it stacked up.

Food-wise, it was mostly excellent. I'm a carnivore and I ordered a steak tartare and a prime rib. The tartare's flavour was wonderful, although the portion size was significantly smaller than what I am accustomed to. My friend ordered the French onion soup, which looked a lot more substantial. Wish I'd gotten that instead. The same friend also ordered an escargot appetizer, which was a bit of a disaster. They forgot to bring him a mini-fork, then forgot again after he'd asked. Not only that, even after procurement of said mini-fork, he was only able to extract the meat from 5 of the 7 shells. I took a crack at it myself (just being that kind of person) and gave up after another 10 minutes of poking.

To their credit, they removed the escargot from the bill. 

Oh, and they also gave us 50% off the entire bill. Apparently we'd caught the very last day of their opening week promotion. Nice!

For the most part, the food is definitely right up there with the top steakhouses in Vegas, so they've got the most important part down. There were definitely some service hiccups, these things are bound to happen when you have a new wait staff learning to work with one another. But everyone seems to be putting in a very good effort and I'm sure they'll work out the kinks. When it comes to a new place just getting its feet, attitude counts for a lot. As long as this commitment to improving service continues, Kelly's should be a solid choice for Vegas locals and regulars.
4 stars food and service including the wonderful and highly personalized valet service (they had my car waiting while I shopped at the cigar lounge next door) 3 stars for the dining area we were placed in. It was more of an atrium, very loud with glass ceiling and tile floors. Probably the best filet I've ever had!!! Even though most steaks are 50 bucks they are worth the prime cut of beef...
Me and my family were in Las Vegas recently and wanted something a little different than the typical  chain of steak houses that you see everywhere.  We heard about Kelly's and decided that this would be our choice.  We started with a lemon drop martini for my wife and I had the best cadillac margarita I have ever had.  My kids had shirley temples and  these amazing homemade potato chips with assorted dipping sauces. We could not get enough of their complimentary pate and crackers (this is a trademark of theirs).   Next came the wine selection and we decided on the Silver Oak cab.   I ordered the bone in rib eye and my wife had  the sea bass. The kids had the petite fillets.   We ordered creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes for the table (too much food). Our waiters were very helpful and attentive to our needs, we felt like celebrities.   We shared everything and absolutely loved every bite.  We will definately be back!
Best Prime Rib in town, sorry Lowery's.
WOW!!!! Kelly's is the real deal.  The restaurant is beautiful, service is fantastic and food absolutely delicious. We were looking for a quality place to eat other than the hotels or the Strip and were told about Kelly's.  Apparently the restaurant is located in a former Ruth Chris, so you will see lots of wood finishes, leaded and beveled glass, etc. They have a beautiful bar with a piano player which allowed for background music throughout our dinner, great wine selection and my wife  enjoyed her martini.  The Cesar salad is delicious as was my filet mignon which was cooked to perfection. My wife had the Diver Scallops which were the best she had ever tasted. The presentation was beautiful and don't forget about desert.  The entire staff was friendly as well as the manager who prepared the Bananas Foster right at our table side.  We can't wait to be in Vegas again so that we can go back for more.
Nice place to get a drink or glass of wine while waiting for a table at Firefly. Visited with several friends on a Saturday night earlier this month. I was in town for a conference, and wanted to try some local places rather than hitting up the strip. My friend said she had heard about this place on the travel channel or something (Firefly). Upon arrival, there was a wait, and the hostess suggested getting a drink nearby. Well don't mind if I do! 

Kelly's has a lot of leather... feels pretty old school, and caters to an older crowd. There was a lounge singer and piano player on the night we visited, and a few tables of patrons but plenty of space. We were welcomed warmly by the bartender and hostess upon arrival, and seated at a booth/ table combo towards the back. We didn't order any food, but drink service was prompt and friendly, mixed drinks were made well, and prices weren't bad for Vegas. The singing wasn't really my thing but this was a relaxing place to take a break before entering the happy chaos that is Firefly.
We had a late arrival into LAS and saw that Kelly's was open late. The 1980's fern bar/creepy atmosphere initially spooked us. There was 1 customer in the huge dining room. We sat at the bar and our bartender was the highlight of the evening, super friendly. We both had the filet and it was very good. The "twice baked potato" was obviously thawed from a box and was worthy of the trash. I'd say we'd possibly go back but I am pretty certain it will be out of business in the next 2-3 months.
Went in on a weekend. The bar was busy but the dining area was dead. We had gone to Ruth Chris a million times before where the service and food was awesome with late night happy hour food and drinks. 

We waited a Kelly's for 20 minutes just for the server. No manager around. 25 minutes later our app arrived. We ordered the carpaccio and for $22 we expected our money's worth. It came out bland and the small dry pieces of white bread. Definitely not worth the money. 

Between the waiting, the lousy service, the bland food we decided to leave. This placed is way over priced for the food the are serving and are on groupon for a reason. There are much better restaurants and steakhouses in Vegas. We won't be returning or recommending this place to our friends and family.
I saw a deal for dinner on Groupon and checked them out on Yelp and decided instead to come for happy hour on a Thursday evening.

The house wine and well drinks were half price $4 and $3.50.  The bar menu was also half price!

My hub had a glass of wine which was the Kenwood Cab, decent... I had a bourbon Manhattan (in honor of our friend!) and it was great and impressive for $3.50!

For food we ordered fish and chips $8 and caprese salad  $6.  I mainly ate the salad and it was excellent.  Thick slices of mozerella and heirloom tomatoes.  One of the tomatoes was green and ruffled, gorgeous and delicious!  I joked with the bartender that I got a green tomato and he explained they were heirloom LOL, got him!  The hub really liked the fish and chips.  Huge pieces of fish batter fried and tasted like beer batter.  The fries were great too.  I kinda wish I tried the prime rib sandwich since we were at a steakhouse and all but def next time!

The bartender was very accomdating and friendly.  He had no problem serving us in the comfy lounge area where we were sitting and he never neglected us.  It probably helped that there were not very many people in the place and the ones there already were in full swing of HH.

The lounge area was very comfortable, upscale and we really enjoyed going to a place for drinks that was quiet and relaxing, unlike the Strip.

We loved our HH here and in the area will try them again.
Pathetic service. Read my tips.

Two waiters - an assistant and the "main" slow poke of the hour.

Reservations at 8:15pm... left the restaurant at 10:36pm...missed a show.

Reservations were made for 8:15pm... got seated promptly.  Ordered drinks and our food around 8:25pm... complimentary bread didn't arrive until 8:46pm... followed by our drink at 9pm.    That's 45 minutes and we are still waiting for our food ordered 20 minutes ago.

9:20pm - Food arrived:

Rib Eye ordered well done - received med rare.. we were too hungry to wait another hour for a re-do.

Scallops for $36 looked pathetic, tough and over cooked...6 super tiny pieces scattered on a ridiculously large plate.  

Salmon was decent and the steak appetizer was also alright.

What pissed me off was no one checked on our table after delivering the food until AFTER we've finished... we ordered dessert because we bought this groupon that required us to spend $200 to make it worth our while.  coffee took 10-15 minutes to arrive... dessert came AFTER we were done with our coffee... and they didn't even ask if we wanted more.

Dinner and dessert fiasco was done by 10pm but we didn't get our check until 10:30pm (that was because I walked up to the host and asked him to get us our check)...  that totally pissed me off because there were only 2 other tables in the room with customers.. 

Not worth the money... you can eat better at a buffet... not impressed with the food.
Foodies beware!! This place is bad, bad, bad!! I don't even know where to begin! For starters, when we walked into the restaurant we got hit with such a weird smell. It was like a cross between mothballs and burnt wood. The building looked really old, and the inside was clearly outdated. They obviously didn't change a thing when they opened. Their leather menus have the name "Kelly's" in bright neon.. Well actually Kelly green.. The K is backwards and there's a shamrock on the menu. This can be really misleading from the outside, because it looks and sounds like an Irish pub, not a steakhouse. 

They have live entertainment from 6-10PM daily. Their idea of entertainment is an older man singing terribly to his piano. I joked with my husband and told him that I felt like I was in a nursing home. 

For apps we ordered the steamed Manila clams. I hated them, the sauce was really salty and it tasted like a wine infused BBQ sauce. 

In hopes that it would get better we both had the lobster bisque to follow. Again--- overly salty and the bisque tasted like it came from a can. It does come with a generous scoop of lobster though. 

At this point, I was just looking forward to our steak. It arrived quickly. The waiter said they marinate them in a nice mixture of oils, salt, pepper etc. He proudly boasted that the steaks were high quality.... they weren't good :-( I love filet mignon. Matter of fact, Ive never had a bad steak night in Vegas, until now! 

We also ordered their garlic mashed potatoes, truffled corn and creamed spinach. I'm absolutely sure that they use an instant mashed potato and just add a few fresh potatoes. The consistency was so gritty, you could just tell. The corn did not have truffle oil, or truffle anything. It was creamed corn with a breadcrumb crust on top. As for the spinach, it was watery, not seasoned and undercooked. 


I've never had a dinner in a restaurant where every aspect of the meal was this bad. This place will not survive with Mortons around the corner and Del Friscos across the street. 


Pros:
-The server was so nice, very attentive without being overbearing. 
-My martini was cold 

I wish I had more nice things to say, but it was just so terrible. No wonder they had such a great deal on groupon. We will never return. Yuck.
DONT even think about it. can't even begin to express how f-in bad this place is. insanely  expensive for the service, food & atmosphere. even the waiter apologized.
The worst dining experience in Las Vegas.  I had a $100.00 gift certificate to Kelly's so I thought "how bad could it be?".  When we called for the reservation we were told "we have space at any time, you don't even need a reservation"  ... I should have turned back at that point!!! Here are some low lights of our dinner...

* Escargot with rancid butter - $20
* 11 dollar bottle of wine - $45
* sizzler quality steak and canned crab meat (steak Oscar) - $60
* Ok quality prime rib (40% untrimmed fat) -$50
* The mac and cheese was actually good - $10
* Re-warmed garlic mashed -$10
* Banana's foster (ok if the ice cream was not pre- melted)  - $30

I can not believe this place is still open... I feel bad for the staff because they know they are serving crap.  The hostess looked like she was called in to work between shopping at walmart and going to the gym.... The place stinks too.  They have a saucepan of onions cooking in the corner?  What kind of smell are they trying to cover with that????


I have paid over $650.00 for a dinner for 2 and felt like I got a good deal... even after the $100 gift certificate at Kelly's I felt like I was ripped off!  I honestly must say that buffet lines down town have better food quality for $9.99 per person!
Unlike the other reviews, my husband and I liked this restaurant.  The wait staff was pleasant and nice.  We started with escargot, which was delicious.  My husband got the steak and I had the farm-raised chicken.  The food was great.  For dessert, we shared the Godiva chocolate cake - it was to die for!
Bought a Groupon for this place and still had to pay a little extra but it was sooo worth it! We shared a Caesar salad, which our waiter recommended, so we each got our own plate and it was delicious. My fiance got the New York steak and I got the Rib-eye, with a side of loaded baked potato and twice baked potato. Our steaks came out still sizzling, they were cooked perfectly and both were juicy and tender, we didn't even need any sauce because the flavor was just amazing. Our sides were delicious and the portions are huge, we even had enough leftovers for a steak and egg breakfast the next day. The place is pretty upscale, the staff is extremely attentive and friendly, and there was a guy playing the piano, which made it a nice experience. Definitely a great place to go for special occasions. Also, we went on Friday night with a reservation and had no issues waiting for our food, we were in an out in just over an hour.
-Starts off with a very unpleasant odor when you walk in. 

-Sides were very bland and one was cold. 

-Steak was quality of outback but costs $60.

-The service was good but the food needs some work...especially for those prices!
Excellent Steakhouse with Fantastic Food and Service. Our dinner party of six really had a great time and all of us enjoyed the entire evening. We were seated in a semi-private room which added a beautiful VIP ambiance to our dining experience. From the minute we entered the restaurant until we left the hostess and waiter took very good care of us.
IF YOU ARE LACKING MORE SALT IN YOUR DIET KELLY'S PRIME STEAK & SEAFOOD IS THE RESTAURANT FOR YOU .... Got this Groupon for Fine Dining at Kelly's Prime Steak & Seafood ... When we arrived we were greeted and ask if we had reservation. We replied, "Do we need reservations?" He said, "No! 'Cause no one is here, So come on in." [FYI he was right. At 5:30 PM on a Tuesday there was no one else in the dinning room. HOWEVER, The bar was full.] We were seated, given our drinks and had our food orders taken before the next table was seated. 1ST COURSE, was Calamari. It was cook correctly and tasted divine. However, the 2 sauce that accompany this dish leave much to be desired. Sauce #1 The "Marinara Sauce" tasted OK but it was so thick that when you'd dipped Calamari in the crunchy bit batter was left in the sauce and I was just eating perfectly cooked but totally naked Squid. Sauce #2 The Crazy Mustard base sauce was just an epic fail and needs to be remove from the menu. 2ND COURSE, I got the Lobster Bisque and My guest got the Cesar Salad minus the anchovies. The Lobster Bisque was so salty I could not eat more then a few spoonfuls. My guest got the Cesar Salad stacked high with those DAMN ANCHOVIES. Not wanting to cause a scene we simply mentioned the mistake to the waiter and push them off to the side of the plate. My guest later commented that the Cesar Dressing tasted like they had tried to doctor up some Thousand Island Dressing and did a piss poor job of it. MAIN COURSE, my guest had the Prime Rib and I got the Beef Stroganoff. First off If you remember I mention earlier we had our order in before the next table was seated. So why did we have ask the waiter if there was a problem with our order because everyone around us was getting there food before us. At the time there was only 5 occupied tables in the whole dinning room. After a few moments the bus boy / assistant waiter finally came back with our final course. At first glance it did not look appealing but we said well maybe its okay. But HELL NO! The Beef Stroganoff was runny and had a clump of sour cream setting on top. The food was not hot or hell even warm and it did not taste like anything, and I guess Kelly's is cutting corner because for something name Beef Stroganoff it had very little beef in it. The Prime Rib was over salted and had to ask for au jus and horseradish. FYI the horseradish was a joke it had no bite. I think the cook is clearly not a Chef and needs to return back to school and learn some new technique in how to cook at a real "Fine Dining Restaurant." Thank God for Groupon because if I had paid the full price there would have been a problem because I would have need to act a DAMN FOOL in Kelly's Prime Steak & Seafood. I don't think I would ever return back for the food but maybe for the drinks only. I don't recommend anyone to go and until they get a visit from that Restaurant Impossible guy to give them some help in cooking and service
First off, let me emphasize that this review is not about the service, which is actually quite good and attentive. The hostess was very sweet. Our two waiters were on top of things from start to finish. This is a frank review of an establishment which includes the word "prime" in their name. "Prime," as in "superior," or "top of the line."

Kelly's is NOT "prime." So reel back any such expectations.

I've read that Kelly's is where Ruth Chris Steakhouse once stood. By my observations, the ownership has invested very little money into refurbishing a restaurant which shows a great deal of mileage. The carpeting is old, and while not filthy, it does show the kind of wear and tear that shampooing simply cannot remove. The entire establishment is in dire need of fresh paint. Why would anyone looking to open a new establishment skimp on such relatively inexpensive basics? 

I've read other Yelpers state that Kelly's smells of insecticide. I didn't detect any such smell, but the place does smell stale and musty (my guess is the old carpeting and interior paint are the sources). 

As for the food....just okay. We had a coupon from Travel Zoo. They honored the coupon according to the terms, but the overall quality was disappointing. The wedge salad was good, but the petite fillet mignon wasn't particularly tender. The au gratin potatoes were undercooked. I'd rate the food a B+ for quantity, but only a C for quality. And that's not "Prime."

This place has potential, but it's not even close to being there yet. They need to close down for 6 months or so and do it right. Right now, it's lipstick on a pig.

Pass on Kelly's until they make the necessary improvements to live up to their name (Kelly's "PRIME" Steak & Seafood). There are many, many better options in Las Vegas. If our party had to pay full price for this dining experience, we would've been pretty unhappy about it.
For the prices they are asking, Kelly's is NOT a good deal. The lobster bisque was great , but the rest of the meal was severely lacking. For these kind of prices, Las Vegas has way better options. At $200 for a dinner for two, it should be a good dining experience. And it was not.
Maybe this passes for a serious steakhouse in San Diego, but in Las Vegas where there are more steakhouses than Starbucks, Kelly's can't compete.

Extremely overpriced, especially given that it's off the strip. 
The food is forgettable and the wine selection is deeply uninspired.

The decor is fine albeit typical, and the service is well-intentioned, but this place is out of its league here.

Del Frisco's is right across the street, and although I'm not a huge fan of theirs (unlike so many other yelpers....go figure)....Del Frisco's is a significantly better steakhouse than Kelly's.

In the Darwinian jungle of Las Vegas restaurants, I suspect Kelley's won't survive.
2 is giving them the benefit that the steak was good. The service was the worst I have ever had. We had to wait 8 minutes to be seated, an HOUR to receive our food after walking in and there was only 6 other tables in there. The NY steak was not worth $50, more like $30. I only came because I received a $100 gift certificate, I would not come back and spend my own money.
Stay as far away as you can from this place.  A Sizzler buffet is better than this place.

We were driving through Las Vegas on our way back to Southern California.  We lived in Long Beach in the 70's and through friends had heard that the present owner of Kelly's in Naples/Long Beach was opening up a Kelly's here.  We were frequent patrons of Kelly's during the 70's and were excited to find a quality place off the strip (so we thought).

What a shame that this guy doesn't have the class that the Long Beach Kelly's has.  I don't know who he is, but the logo/signage is the same.  NOTHING at all like the Kelly's in Long Beach.  But I have now heard that the Long Beach Kelly's has closed due to mismanagement and if this is the same guy (who I am told it is) this place won't be around much longer as well.  It is an insult to the Long Beach Kelly's of the quality years.

We came on a Friday night about 7pm.  We used to dine here when this was a Ruth's Chris so we new the location well.  We did not make a reservation as we had plenty of time and thought we would enjoy sitting at the bar with our martinis.

There were only two other tables occupied when we were greeted by the hostess.  That should have been the second clue right then.

We were seated right away. Martinis were ordered and served.  Perfect drink.  The waiter was very personable.

We ordered Caesar salads, a lobster bisque,rib eye and peppercorn steak, both medium rare.  The Caesar salad was tasteless and over dressed.  The salad plate was not cold.  The lobster bisque was thick and gloppy and not hot.  When the steaks arrived, they were also lukewarm and OVERDONE.  We didn't dare send it back because it wasn't hot because we would have had shoe leather!

I won't even comment on the dismal wine list.  We were told that two of our selections were out of stock, so we just stuck with another martini each!

During the time we were seated only three other parties arrived in the dining room.

I have seen that they are offering coupons. I'm sure that is the only way that they can get patrons in.  We definitely won't be coming back here.
The prices are high, but the food quality is not there. Do yourself a favor and go to Golden Steer or Binions Steakhouse.
Since 4 1/2 is not an option, I chose 4. We visited Kelly's on the Groupon special. The food and service were great. This has the makings of a fantastic place. According to our waiter, the GM, they just reopened a couple weeks ago after restaffing the place. It wasn't very busy for a Saturday night, but I'm sure that's why hey had the special. 

We started with a bottle of wine (not included in Groupon). They had a fantastic selection. Unfortunately, they did not have our selection. The GM gave us a similar bottle at he same price, so no issues. 

First course: calamari. Delicious. Very light and crispy. No complaints. 

Second course:  Caesar salad/ French onion soup. My salad was huge and very tasty. I actually didn't finish it because it was so big. My husband loved his soup. He says the favors and textures were all well balanced. 

Third course:  prime rib. We enjoy a good steak and this did not disappoint. Well seasoned, generous cuts of beefy goodness. 

Side dish:  twice baked potato. I want to give this good reviews, but I never ate any. It was cold the first time it came out and not hot he second time. By the time he second one came out, we were full, so we decided to take it home. 

Dessert: crme brle/ chocolate mousse cake. Both delicious. We couldn't finish either, but we tried. 

The service was great, the staff was friendly. Both the GM and AGM were great guys. We will be back.
Like most everyone else that ends up here, I had a Groupon - it was a really good deal and I figured how bad could it be? So we walked in w low expectations, hoping to be (pleasantly) surprised. I'll say it was probably worth the $75 Groupon deal, but we still wont be back and I'd honestly be pissed if I had paid full price ($172). 

so I guess this place closed temporarily and just reopened w all new staff. the menu is also slightly reduced from what's on their website. no more escargot, bananas foster, some of the salads.

Calamari was pretty good, but that's pretty hard to eff up. French onion soup was inedibly salty, lobster bisque wasn't bad - lots of lobster bits w the soup poured table side. Prime rib was decent, my rib eye was ordered medium, but arrived well done. They brought a new one out pretty quickly, probably because this one was way rare. I was debating whether to just eat it (figured they would overcook it again) but the waiter saw how raw it was and took it back. It came out close enough to medium - seasoned fine, I liked the charred bits. Definitely not "prime" quality like the name says, but the steak was ok. Creme brulee was standard, their apple strudel wasn't at all strudel and it sucked w mushy overcooked apples and way too sweet crust. 

Server was just ok, but I loved the busser Vladimir - he was super nice and attentive the entire time. My friend drinks water like a mofo and his glass was never even half empty. 

So... yeah I wont be back, but I guess it was worth the $75 for 1 appetizer, 2 soups, 2 entrees, 2 desserts. + we left $35 tip (off $172 original total) and Groupon had $10 off purchases over $30. So having spent a total $110 w tip and a cocktail is fair. 

I agree w everyone else - this place won't be around much longer so if you get the Groupon, use it quick. and it does have a really odd smell - it wasn't really insecticide like others said. We couldn't decide what it was and the people next to us asked, the manager said it was Rosemary. no clue wtf it was, but it wasn't effen Rosemary
I had to try this place for myself despite all the bad reviews Well I should have listened I ordered a drink and the waiter comes back and informs me they don't have that in stock mind you this is a Friday nite and Labor Day weekend we order dinner and my wife sent her salad back it had a terrible taste they took it off the bill my 10oz filet was not good at all something you would expect from a sizzler steak house there were only 5 tables with customers at 630pm the wait staff seemed not well trained at all I will not be returning  Sorry but you need to go back to Long Beach where you have had some success you are not Vegas Steak house quality
I know this restaurant has received very mixed Yelp reviews.  But the one night I was there with wife and friends, it was a very enjoyable and tasty experience.  

A Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail obtained at no charge through a Yelp check in featured very good truly jumbo-sized White Mexican Prawns with thick classic Cocktail Sauce; and a crock of French Onion Soup was robust, laden with melting Gruyere Cheese, and also very good.  A Caesar Salad with requested anchovies was good but did not particularly stand out.  But the well-seasoned Petite Filet that arrived sizzling in butter and perfectly medium rare as ordered most definitely did.  And, Shrimp Scampi was fine, with the individual shrimps dancing on the plate in an excellent-tasting sizzling Lemon Butter Sauce.

Very cheesy Au Gratin Potatoes were simply great, and nicely turned out hand-cut, skin-on French Fries not far behind.  In the negatives column, steak knives with worn wooden handles made the restaurant look dated, detracting from an otherwise classy steakhouse ambiance--and the dining room was unusually dark; complimentary bread was rather pedestrian; and my first glass of Iced Tea was viscous and oily.  

Service was very good throughout the duration of the multi-course meal, and dinner culminated with superior Apple Streudel accompanied by Vanilla Ice Cream.  

Based on this experience I will surely return!

4-1/2 stars overall this night
Definitely not worth going to, unless you have the Groupon or some sort of crazy deal. I used the $75 Groupon that covered a starter, 2 salads/soups, 2 entrees, a side to share and 2 desserts. Asked for a medium cooked Filet Mignon and very clearly was given rare/seared. Mediocre steak and quality, would not go again and that showed! Seating for at least 250 and there was about 15 people on a Saturday at 7pm.
Despite the mixed reviews, my husband and I decided to dine there this evening.  I'm glad we did!  The bar/lounge had a trio playing live music, and it reminded us of old Vegas.  The food was great as was the service.  The steaks were cooked perfectly, and we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner.  We will go back and are glad we found this place.  It's worth a try...enjoy!
We were at Kellys last night to celebrate my husband's birthday.  The service and the food was great!   We had a groupon for a "group of 4+" great deal!  And we thoroughly enjoyed the live music, too.  We will be back.  Thank you!
I want to be nice so I'll start with the place having a nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Other than that, we went on a Saturday evening and found the place practically empty (The place is HUGE!). We were there with a coupon, so we had a set menu to order from. We had the 6 oz Filet Mignon which was crispy on the edges and not medium rare, as ordered. It was closer to medium/well done and a poor cut. The Mac and Cheese, Garlic Mashed Potatoes were very bland and tasteless. The wine menu is very over priced for some of the labels (Yes, we're Wine Slobs), and when asked if they had a corkage fee, we were told it was illegal in Clark County to bring your own bottle (Not True! Again, Wine Slobs)! They also were out of a couple of items which shouldn't happen in a steakhouse with nobody there to sell out to. Not particularly impressed and will probably not return. If you try it, make sure you get a Groupon or Travelzoo coupon to lessen the sting!
I learned about Kelly's Steak house from the Groupon. Because I travel to Vegas I decided to visit it. The restaurant was off the strip in a very dark area. It was almost empty and it was a warning sign. The general manager tried to impressed us with a nice stories about old vegas, but to make story short food sucks big time. Shrimp cocktail was dry, looks like it was frozen several times. Onion soup had so much salt, it was impossible to eat. I ordered filet mignon medium. they brought terribly looking charcoal overcook piece of meat - I asked them what is it, they politely apologized and offered to prepared butterfly flank steak. We didn't want to wait another 30 min. and agree. It was just OK. but we didn't understand why food served to us was so low quality- it was done on purpose, because we had a Groupon or this is a standard quality food in spite of the prices are on the roof? Filet costs is $46.
Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone in Vegas, plenty of excellent places.
Regret spending my dinner at Kelly's.
THIS PLACE IS CLOSED! Phone # disconnected. I called Travelzoo (as I was trying to use my Travelzoo Deal that I bought for this place before it expired and Travelzoo confirmed that the Kelly's is indeed out of business. So the restaurant apparently expired before my travelzoo deal.
Decent food but not great. So many other great restaurants in the area, I'll pass on this place in the future.
I just bought a groupon here and they are never open. I think this place is CLOSED. The phone number doesn't work. Frustrated!!
This is a fabulous coffee shop that also serves wine, beer and food. Highly recommend the flatbread with goat cheese, olives and avocado. All the ingredients were so fresh! They brew Anodyne coffee which is one of my favorites - if you are looking for a perfectly and expertly brewed cup of high quality coffee, this is a great place to go. They also support the local music scene and are operating as a venue for acoustic acts. I saw a show here recently and it was amazing. The sound is great and the band was awesome and a perfect fit for this venue. In short, highly recommend this place whether you're looking for coffee in the afternoon or a drink and some good music at night. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful as well. Five stars all around!
Monroe is chock full of locally owned businesses. 

(No surprise there.)

But there are only a few that totally stand out and blow everyone else away. And when I say blow everyone else away, I mean like a gust of friggin' "we're not in Kansas City anymore" type wind. The newly named (new owners/new look) Crescendo Espresso is one such place. And after you read this you need to go there. You need to grab a pour over or cold brew. You need to sit and soak up what I think is one of the most overlooked and under appreciated (for now - this will change) cafes on that side of town. 

The owners Cait and Paul are some of the coolest folks I've met in Madison. One of them will probably be there when you are. Paul designed the logo and had it inked on his bod, and Cait has been with the place for a bit, first as a barista before taking the keys. Crescendo is their baby.

They recently got married, and even amidst this life altering change, they carved out time to make some awesome adjustments inside and out. Gone is that horrific canopy that blocked every ray of sunshine from pouring through those tall windows. The space is now bright and fresh. There's been some counter re-adjustment, so the area between you and your barista is more open and accessible... like a cafe should be. There's a way cool pour over station with crazy digital scales that have more buttons than a novice like me understands, a station built by Cait's father. And as for the coffee... it's incredible. Anoydye from Milwaukee. These guys are also in bands, different bands and if you ever get a chance to hear Cait sing, you're in for a treat. Music is part of their life and it's part of their concept. Eye over the website or Facebook page for awesome acts weekly. The acoustics are incredible.

Now how do I know all of this? Because they're not afraid to share. It also helps that I always have a million questions because I write reviews in my head, but I can't take all the credit. Everyone on the staff is welcoming and kind, quick to strike up conversation, like you'd expect from a cafe who's mission is to blow people away.
After a change of hands, this cafe spot on Monroe Street has transitioned to the perfect place to learn more about coffee, listen to some live music and enjoy the company of neighbors and friends.

The owners are enthusiastic about music + coffee and they really show it! A new, custom made pour-over station ensures you get a cup of the best quality and learn something new while you're at it! Some alterations to the front of the shop let more light in for a fresh, relaxing spot to do what you need to do while you caffeinate.

If it's a little too late for java, there are wine and beer options, too! Hungry? The flatbread is delicious!
Kick back with a book, a soy latte, and a Silly Yak gluten free vegan chocolate raspberry muffin (if you have the weirdest diet but love all of the delicious). A Monroe street gem of a coffee shop.
Realistically this is all I need in a local coffee shop. A rotating display of art work on the walls, great music playing in the background, mismatched plates & mugs, sunshine streaming in through the windows, the opportunity to catch some local bands or author readings.  And of course, great coffee.  I don't need to buy a mug with a company logo on it or some schmaltzy last minute gift that screams "I didn't try.  At all."  Looking forward to many return visits with laptop in tow & pretending to be working while what I'm most likely doing is running background checks on potential dates.
Only had the iced coffee and won't get it again. They fill half the cup with water and then put a "concentrated" coffee in it. Not good, tastes watered down and bitter. Brewed coffee is on the only way to go for iced coffee.
Get the Mocha Blended thing, amazing! This place is also great to keep an eye on for live music, which they feature pretty regularly. Cozy little setup, owners are always there, good conversation, great Frappes.
Ever had a peppermint latte?  Sure you have... at Starbucks with the yucky syrup crap... Maybe I should be more specific when I ask the question; have you ever had a peppermint latte at Crescendo?  No?  Try it!  They use a peppermint extract instead of a syrup and the result is pure ecstasy in a cup!  They have other extracts too, I think Cait's "go to" is the Orange extract.  Oh, you don't know who Cait is?  What about Paul?  He's the bearded fellow that is way wittier than your brother-in-law at last year's Christmas party...

Cait and Paul are outstanding, accomplished, and probably some of the nicest and humble business owners you'll meet.  The inspiration for Crescendo... yup, that's all them!  That warm cozy atmosphere with special attention paid to the local artist decor, comfy seating, amazing eats and love poured into a coffee cup.. they got it right! 

Did I mention they're musically inclined?  Sign-up for their emails to know when the next performances are coming to their stage.  This place can't be beat and it's worth the stop inside... stay a while and relax, you'll be happy you did.
Great place, love the fireplace on a cold day, and the coffee is excellent.

I don't like that some of the baked goods are sealed in plastic.
Love the atmosphere!  Fireplace!!!!   Staff is always up for a laugh.  I am not a coffee drinker but I do enjoy the iced tea.  My children and I absolutely LOVE the Tree Huggers!!!!  They are always asking for Tree Huggers as a reward.  Heck, If I can get the cat box scooped it is a great deal!   The Tree Huggers are egg sandwiches with pesto, cheese, spinach and tomato.   They were even kind enough to let me interview for employees before my store was open.  Odd request but Cait was up for it and it actually turned into a lot of fun!
Barista was super friendly and helpful.  She explained the coffees and answered all my questions.  The coffee was great and so was the cranberry cookie. Good place to relax and people watch.
Wonderful!!
The new look is wonderful.
The food was amazing!  The usual Greek fare with a few twists.  Fried zucchini with skordalia, oh my gosh what a wonderful treat. The avgolemono was delish, maybe a little more lemon juice could've been added.  The entrees were scrumptious, hubby had the combination platter, all his faves.  I opted for the Greek chicken and wasn't disappointed.
I hope Plaka is around for a long time as I intend to be a regular customer!
The waiter we had also worked for the family that owned OPA, he has some amazing serving skills that are worth noting!
G
My wife and I had enjoyed Opa many times over the 7 years we have lived in Las Vegas. We eat out very often, and Mediterranean/Greek/Lebanese is a regular on our favorite fare. Yesterday (10-2-13) was my birthday. We could have gone to one of our favorite "Fine Dinning" haunts. But instead, I thought we could do something different and go to Plaka and check them out. I could go on with many details about this experience, but decided it would take way too long. All I can say is, the only thing that resembles Opa, or any other fine Greek dining experience is the decor. It had to be bar none the worst food and overall experience we have had in a long time. If you are looking for Greek/Mediterranean go elsewhere! There are plenty of other choices.
Had a super fabulous time! The service was great! The food was amazing! Coming back this weekend for an amazing bellydance show! I was told Makara 2010/2011 USA Bellyqueen is performing along with amazing bouzouki player Yiannis HatziMilousis. I saw them perform together in Arizona and was amazed! Im so excited they are coming to Plaka!
Very good food and excellent personal service. I really enjoyed the vegetarian plate and Greek wine. This was my first visit but won't be my last.
Our food was poor at least took forever to get our food it came cold and over done. The waiter was poor service sucked they need to go to Chicago Greek Town and learn how it's done. Food is over priced for what you get.
This place doesn't know what it wants to be- formal dining, smooth Greek music lounge, or quick sandwiches. S-L-O-W service (probably the formal dining experience they're shooting for), and ok food. Nothing spectacular. There's also a Greek mafia feel to the place (I don't even know if that's a thing), but there are various older gentlemen around wearing gold chains and button-down shirts half unbuttoned who seem to be doing "business".
Very poor service....we usually go to the Mad Greek for Greek food but decided to try a new place.  It is very quiet on a Friday night with only 5 other customers and 2 waiters.  We got the waiter who really is probably 80+ yrs old...we ordered humus and we waited over 10 minutes after our pita bread was cold and had to ask another waiter to get it.  The food was fair, not great.  Our waiter went to a table he was not serving to talk to the customer over 5 times,  but never checked on us.  He never asked for drink refills on our beer or how the food was. ....not coming back here again...
This is the place in Vegas to get authentic Greek food that is piping hot from the grill.  I love the combo plate - the variety in flavors and textures leaves me very satisfied.  The lamb is divine and pairs well with the wine.

I like to come on the weekends when they have live music, which makes for a fun night out AWAY from the casinos!
I used to come here to watch some reggae music a while back and I came here on a Saturday night and this lounge got a complete makeover; I didn't even recognize the place. The photos on here doesn't do the interior any justice. Large red velvet couches, big chandeliers. Service and food was excellent. Wish I got the name of our server, she was a doll. I would reccomend the fried mash potato bites for an appetizer! Live music topped of the night. Will be coming back.
I have been here twice for lunch and so far, so good Elixir.  The food was good and the service was even better.   Thank you Amy!!  We will have to give it a try at night . . specially on the weekend when they have live acoustic music.  The atmosphere is great and I look forward to you opening up the outdoor patio.
I really like this place, it's only been open 2 weeks as of now... So that being said they're doing a really good job! 

They use big glasses! Which make you feel like you're getting your money's worth.

Everyone is super nice, welcoming, and accommodating so hopefully that won't change!

Best of all a great dirty vodka martini!
This was the perfect place to relax, be with good people and be in a quiet, non-obnoxious atmosphere.  Delicious food, impeccable specialty drinks, good service and gorgeous decor.  They call it "a locals lounge" and they couldn't have described it better.  It's a beautifully, hip space, off the strip, live music on Friday/Saturday, video poker, tons of sports on and a reasonable tab at the end!

Can't wait to go back!!!!!
VEGETARIAN options in every food category! Awesome happy hour specials- (3-6 am and pm) where else can you get a glass of Stella for $3!!?!? Football specials during every NFL game! Phenomenal staff- super nice and friendly! Open 24 hours! And breakfast served 24/7! My new favorite hangout! Great gaming incentives!  You must go!!!
I came in here expecting a bit more then what I got but over all service made up for it just plan on taking a elevator to get in. They could use a more complex cocktail menu since the name of the lounge is Elixir.
I was very surprised by this place.  It was totally kicked back.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Both bartenders were very alert and super friendly.  They have this hourly bingo drawing for free play.  Surprisingly it paid out quite well for my wife and I.  The food was definitely way above my expectations as well.
Hubby & I have been here for breakfast & lunch. Omelets & home fries were great, as well as the Italian sandwich & fantastic sweet potato fries. Chelsea is a very upbeat & attentive server. Love the dcor, music & comfortable booths. This will become a regular in our daily restaurant rotation.
My first time in this little spot and I was so pleased by the experience. The atmosphere is rich & fancy, but the ambiance is laid back. With a little bit of live guitar playing in the background, me and my girls were able to catch a small table in the dining area. The server was polite and took very good care of us. 

Their menu is full of variety from bar food to full delicious entres. And the waitress mentioned that they have a chef 24/7 who prepares the food fresh daily. I only had a bowl of the French onion soup, but I found it to be delicious! And even had enough for left overs. My friend had a huge plate of nachos, which were good But certainly not the best I've had, one thing I like was that they made it with shredded chicken, que so fresco, & a freshly made guacamole. 

The bar/restaurant is open 24/7, HH is everyday between 3 to 6 AM & PM, and breakfast is served ALL day. Drinks and food not priced too high at all average $4-$9 drinks and food average $$8-13$ That's pretty awesome. Overall, I will definitely come here again. Only downside is there are no games, pool table, darts or other side entertainment- just flat screen TV's and video poker play.
I loved the place.  My wife and I have been looking for a date night spot and struck gold with this place....the food was great our waitress Chelsea was amazing...I recommend the meatballs 3 ways appetizer...if you haven't been please do so and support this newly opened business :)  I know I will
This place is great my husband and I just moved to the area and thought we would check it out. The food was awesome not you typical bar food ... atmosphere was very nice and our server Chelsea was great she was very friendly and informative.  We will definitely be going back.
We had been here when it was Daddy Macs. We decided to go here again on a whim. My wife had purchased a restaurant.com certificate, which always seems to motivate us to try a place. The place is nice the decor had not changed too much from the Daddy Mac days. The food and the service were wonderful. Amy was our server. Along with being very proactive, she had answers to any questions we had about the food and the lounge in general. Again, the food was great with large portions at a reasonable price. It appeared that most if not all of the food was prepared fresh. The dinners all come with a soup or salad starter. We will definitely be going back to this one soon. They are a gambling tavern so minors are not allowed here.
The inside is beautiful, very classy. Good drinks, music wasn't bad and the staff was very friendly. I haven't had the chance to order any food, but when the food is brought out for other people it always looks and smells phenomenal.
My wife, the coupon queen, picked up a Groupon (I think it was) for Elixir, and the coupon worked. We loved the atmosphere, especially the red chandeliers. Actually, I recall being surprised by the atmosphere, because the building outside and even the location did not prepare me for such a complete and abrupt shift in theme. The tables and seating is comfortable and seems to be well thought out. The food was good and there was enough on the menu to have me want to return to try more. This isn't too far from the Galaxy Luxury Theater (LOVE IT) and would make for a great evening of dinner and a movie.
I'm very picky, just ask my husband.  This place is so beautiful at first I felt uncomfortable wearing jeans, but,  that didn't last.  We went early so locals were coming in after work.  Our wait person was excellent ,the food was marvelous and plentiful.  Huge menu.  We will be back.
Great food, great prices
This place had potential so much potential ! And they droped the ball hard. I mean lets start with thier service I dont remember her name but she was amazing greatest service I've had in the valley hands down. However the food was anything but worth the visit . Baked brie sounds amazing but its not , a small pile of crackers and a few grapes from smiths and the rhind to go with your brie :/ , oh and lets not forget the sad sandwhich with cold meat and boring bread . Skip this place save yourself the pain
Best turkey burger in town. Excellent salmon. Service was very, very good. Excellent appetizer of baked Brie.
Just had the brie (appetizer), French onion soup, stroganoff, and banana fritters. 

Brie was slightly under cooked and I wish the caramelized onions had been served atop or in the side for a little more crunch and the water crackers was a bit of a let down. But the flavors were very nice. 

The French onion soup had an excellent broth and imo a bit too much cheese but overall very pleasant. 

The stroganoff's gravy was yummy. I wish it had been made with egg noodles (instead of a spaghetti noodle) and a few slices of the garlic bread to sop up the yumminess. 

For desert my amazing waitress suggested the banana fritters- loved 'em!!!! 

I will be returning to try their pork chops (another Chelsea recommendation) and the meatballs three ways appetizer. 

Ambiance- for a bar/casino/restaurant- the dark reds and blacks with candle lit tables are casual enough for a first date but formal enough for a great  modestly upscale meal.  

Overall, I would recommend Elixer lounge and suggest you bring your appetite.
A shi-shi sports bar with an appetizing menu executed in a very average manner.  

The current tenants of this space (previously Daddy Macs, and Blue Wave before that) have stuck with the existing deep red on black decor and subdued lighting. Very Victorian. It harkens back to the supper clubs of the olden days. I half expect to find gentlemen in top hats when I entered the door. Instead I only found a few mid-day drinkers playing video poker.  Being a sports bar, of course there are wide-screens all over the shop, which seem a bit anachronistic given that the place is swathed in late 19th-century red velvet drapery.

Interestingly, the owners have placed a few old-fashioned items on the menu, such as baked brie, which are juxtaposed with more modern tasters, such as the deep-fried mashed potato bites. The menu is fairly enticing.  Sadly the food falls short. It feels like everything here is made to sound impressive, but, looks and tastes like it was cooked at Wendy's. I would have assumed it was all fresh-made, but it all tastes to me like it originated in the freezer.

Today, I tried the Chicken Florentine Soup. It definitely came from a can.  No doubt about it. Then I got a California Turkey Burger.  The lettuce was limp, the avocado was almost non-existent, and the turkey patty was too salty.  However, there was a nice char on the patty, and I do love grill marks.

My main complaint is that this swanky restaurant has tremendous potential and no one here seems to know how to reach it.  The menu was promising. The descriptions of each item got me salivating.  Unfortunately, my dining experience turned out to be like a bad blind date:  your friend tells you how great this hamburger is, and then you finally meet it... and it is nothing compared to the burger you tasted in your dreams.

My advice to Elixir: if you're going to do gourmet pub food, actually do gourmet pub food.  It's just not right to titillate a person's tongue without bringing the taste buds to climax; wink, wink.
I love the ambiance of Elixir. It's where old Vegas meets new Vegas. It's hidden, so that's difficult for people who aren't familiar to find. Hey, more for me. Actually, it's in an old office building, you can see it from the road, however...it is off the beaten path. It's dark, black, and red. I love it. My servers have always been top notch. Midge, Tracey, and Chelsea seriously are the most nice and genuine waitresses I have met in a long time. Comfy chairs line the stage and if you get there early, you are always guaranteed a good seat. I have been there three times now and have brought people from out of town, as I love to claim Elixir as my cool hidden hideout. Drinks are reasonably priced and if you are lucky enough, hit up happy hour from 3pm to 6pm. The spinach dip is always my favorite. The portions are huge. My only compliant is that I wish the food was just a bit better. The ideas are awesome however the execution just isn't 100% yet. I've ajd appetizers, entrees, and desserts, and it's across the board. I overlook that for the drinks and service. Try the signature martini if you like a drink that will make your mouth pucker. The dirty martinis are fabulous. And they have a decent wine selection. So...maybe I'm partial. I am all in on this one. I hope they stay for a long time. It's everything I want in a bar. If you want to game, they have video poker at the bar and numerous flat screen TVs. The music is awesome with its eclectic selection. If you get the chance, check their website for when Patrick Genovese is there on a Friday or Saturday night. He is a phenomenal, and I mean knock your socks off, singer and guitar player. Mind blown. You can go in casual, but feel high class. It's worth it to check it out.
Elixir won me back over tonight. My husband and I had been getting food to go here a few times until we decided to go in one day and actually order food from the restaurant in person. I was impressed with the decor and the ambiance. However, I was very disappointed with the service. She was rude and she almost seem annoyed we were there bothering her. So I said I would never go back in again. From that point, I decided to continue to just call in my order because their food is good. I recommend the mashed potato bites as an appetizer. Unique and delicious. I get the California burger every time and its really good. My husband is the one who tries new things and tonight it was the beef stroganoff. He really liked it. He would prefer egg noodles on it and a bit more bread with it, but he still enjoyed it very much. He got a groupon, so that is why I agreed to go back in, watch the U of A game because they do have awesome and giant screens, but I was hesitant. Hesitant we would get the last server we got. Well, CHELSEA redeemed the last servers experience for me. She was a great server, attentive, sweet, and fast. When we go back in, I want her as our server because she's on top of it. Nothing like great customer service and great food, so for that reason I took time to write a review. We will be back.
I was invited to a meeting at the upstairs party room. The noise coming from downstairs was way too loud considering it was mid day. We were only separated from the downstairs by a heavy curtain. Also needs a paint job..lots of scuff marks and leftover tape or something on the walls.  Service was good. Food was just ok. I'd eat here again of someone invited me but it's definitely not my first choice.
Really good food, warm atmosphere, clean, and a great sever! Caprese sandwich and salmon with mushroom risotto were delicious with quality, tasty ingredients. Server was very knowledgable about beer and provided good service.
obviously anyone who rated this lower than three or said they dropped the ball is a metal defective. 
first: the place is decorated posh and over the top with the black and red, that is over the top good. from the red chandeliers to the black framed mirrors it screams amazing. the lighting is fantastic. the seating is comfortable.
second: the service is out the door the best i have ever had. the waitress not only got everything from drinks to appetizers to the meal right but did it all with out writing a thing down. i have been places where the waitress writes it down and still gets it wrong. she was super friendly and even joked with us. (we can be rowdy). 
third: the food was spectacular. i don't usually get appetizers but the ones we got were fantastic. stuffed mushrooms and mashed potato bites. the salad that came with the meal was plenty big, and it came with the meal, no if you want a salad its an extra 3 bucks like most places do now days. the portion sizes were good size and every thing tasted fantastic, not one complaint from a table of 5. i got the fish and chips and unlike most fish and chips where its all batter and no fish this was big chunks of fish lightly battered and tons of fries. 
this place is a little hidden but GPS it. it was one of the best places i have been in a long time. when your tired of the olive gardens and outbacks, this place is fresh, beautiful, and well worth it.
Very good food excellent service planning on coming back. Great place for both men and woman a feminine side with chandeliers and sports shows for the guysThey also have live music at 8 pm and go on Groupon for fantastic deals 20.00 dollars 2 entre s and an appetizer. Easy parking. Our waitress Tracy was friendly competent knowledgeable knew how to use the Groupon deal
Checked out this place on a Monday night for the first time.  We used my Groupon deal (1 appetizer and 2 entrees) that expired the following day.  The menu had a decent selection.  Not as big as the sister bar (Remedys) but there was enough options.  

The decor is nice.  Red and black colors with velvet panels and curtains.  It definitely had a Frank Sinatra era feel.  Gorgeous red chandeliers and comfy plush chairs.  

Our waitress, Chelsea, was GREAT! She educated us on the daily events that happen at Elixir and guided us on the menu.  She paced out our food order perfectly so we had time to enjoy each dish. 

We ordered the chicken nachos. The marinated shredded chicken was delicious.  I like how they put the sour cream, guacamole and salsa on the side so it didn't make the chips soggy. They serve generous portions here for sure.  I has the t-bone pork chop and my husband has the seared beef medallions.  Both super delicious and the presentation was as if I was dining at a fancy restaurant on the strip! I was very surprised.  The side salad that came with the entree looked like an entree itself.  Big plate and the house salad was made of dark greens and not the typical romaine lettuce.  

We will definitely come back to check out the weekly poker tournament, the live entertainment on Fridays and Saturdays and definitely the food. 

The drinks.. I personally thought my vodka tonics were watered down.  My husbands Long Islands were ok.  So I changed it up and had Jack Honey on the rocks since they do not serve Patron.  Thus, my reason for the 4 stars. 

Great place overall and a much see!
Just an awesome all-around experience. Beautiful burgundy and black dining room, with thirty foot or so ceilings and gorgeous curtains and chandeliers - Elixir has an incredible ambience. The booth seating if extremely comfortable too. The food is not only very tasty, but well-presented, and severely underpriced. The French Onion soup is well worth the $1.50 upcharge, and I was pleasantly surprised by the Fish and Chips I was craving. My first time here, but if the rest of the servers are even half as personable and attentive as Chelsea was, you are in for being well taken care of. I can't wait to head back and try the rest of the menu items!
Wen we first pulled up we weren't sure about it. The location seemed to be a bit hidden and suspicious. However, it was amazing. The decor is excellent, they have poker on Tuesdays and live music on Friday and Saturday. Their food was excellent and super cheap (with appetizers, two meals, two alcoholic drinks, and an after dinner coffee our bill was 52.99). Our server, Amy, was fantastic. She had service that made us feel like we were in a fancy five star restaurant. Just the right mixture of business and casual. We loved it here and will return.
Our current favorite local bar. Love the red and black decor, I kind of feel like I'm in a scene of scarface. I love everything from the menus to the awesome bar staff. Shout out to my fave Tony! He always takes such great care of us. Food wise we've had the poached salmon salad (fave) chicken wings, chicken roulenade, and a few of the salads. All amazing. I highly suggest this bar to anyone in the area.
We came in for St Patricks Day and Corned Beef & Cabbage of course.  It is the best we have found in this town so far.  The corned beef is perfectly cooked, the cabbage is not watery & runny like a lot of places, the carrots are amazing and the potatoes have good seasoning.  I say this place is a winner with a great atmosphere and food.
I am never on this side of town but I just so happen to be yesterday. My friend and I got hungry so we searched for places on the yelp app. Found this one and decided to check it out. I read a couple reviews before coming and was determined to get the corned beef and cabbage (since it was at paddys day). The person that wrote the review said the cabbage was not overly soggy like most other places so I was hoping for that but was disappointed when my meal came out. Not only was the cabbage soggy, but so were the carrots and potatoes! I wasn't happy about this. They also had a $3 Irish car bomb or $3 pint of Guinness special going on the day so I ordered a Guinness. I was surprised when it came out... In a can, with a glass. Guinness is a pretty popular drink! Why do they not have this on tap? Would have been so much better but it was only $3. No big deal.

After finishing the meal and our drinks, I felt this place deserved around a 4-5 star rating. My view totally changed after getting the check. I handed our waitress my CC and she took off to close out the transaction. We kept waiting and waiting for her to come back. She was busy tending to a couple other tables around the restaurant so I figured we should keep waiting. 20 minutes went by and I still have yet to see my card or receipt come back so I could sign. We finally got their attention and as it turns out... They forgot!!!! How incredibly annoying. It wasn't even busy as there were only two other tables in the dining area.

Overall, this place is alright. The atmosphere is amazing. I loved all their decor. Totally looks like a fancy cocktail bar. Service could be a lot better!
Great neighborhood bar and restaurant. Food is excellent and reasonably priced. Staff is attentive and friendly. I definitely recommend the prime rib on Friday nights!  Good Happy Hour menu as well.
This is a great local place in Henderson. The food is amazing, they have great happy hour specials and they have fun events. The staff is really nice and helpful. The atmosphere is nothing like any other place in the area. It even has a little stage and they have live music on the weekends. What I like about this place the most is that you can go and have a drink and not be bombarded with gambling machines. They have machines, but if you want to go to another area without them and have a drink and listen to music, you can just sit in a comfy booth. I don't live far from this place and I go there all of the time because it is really the best place to go in Henderson.
Wow...just wow.  I have known of Elixir for about a year and hesitated to try it out for dinner because it was a "lounge".  Big mistake.  From the moment we walked in to the plush, nicely decorated and spacious environment, I had high hopes...and was not in the least disappointed.  Frankly, when I looked at the menu I was a bit worried that they were not charging enough for the food to be good...yes, the prices are that low.  I ordered the Salmon Risoto and my wife had a chicken dish, both of which were first rate deliciously awesome.  Top that off with one of the better salads I've had at any restaurant and you can count us as happy campers.

Although it certainly is a "lounge", as in bar, the tables and booths are plentiful and spacious.  There was live music being performed at the perfect volume.  I found the other clientele to be a cut above average, as was the wait staff - and by demonstration, the kitchen staff.

We were already plotting our return to Elixir half way through our visit and decided it would be a great place to come back to for dinner, drinks, hanging out, taking friends or for any reason at all.

In short, I loved Elixir and wish I'd tried it out sooner!
I can not say enough good things about this place. My fiance (Aww yeah! Just got engaged! Woohoo!) and I had the pleasure of attending a tasting event at Elixir and were were floored on how amazing this place is. 

Location: I'm rarely in this area when I visit, but because of Elixir- I am sure to come back (with all my friends). Pretty easy to find as well. No issues here!

Parking: Plentiful. No issues finding parking at all. 

Decor: Red and black. Very modern with a funky elegant feel. Chairs were comfortable, tables were plentiful, and they have large booths for bigger groups. The bar is located in the middle and to the left is a stage for live music. 

Service: Service was excellent. Our waitress was super cheerful and very personable. Also, we were able to meet one of the owners and he was an absolute gem to have a conversation with.  Our water cups were never empty and we never felt like we were playing "hide and seek" with our waitress. 

Drinks: We had the Elixir signature drink and wow did it have a kick. I don't recall what is in it, exactly, all I know is that it has a redvine  as a garnish and it and was very delicious. 

Food: We had a range of food to try but the ones that stood out to us the most were the Australian lamb lollipop chops, the tri-colored five cheese tortellini, and the lasagna. Sauces were very tasty and fresh. The lamb was cooked perfectly and every bite was heavenly. Also, I was looking over their special event pricing and it was very affordable. Maybe we'll book our engagement party here. :) 

Dessert: We had their version of a tiramisu and I wish I had an extra serving. It had blueberries and was served in a glass. Yum! 


TL:DR: Try this place out. Strong drinks, good food, and great service. I'll be sure to tell all my friends!
Pretty sure this was the worst service I've ever experienced in Vegas. Ever. Did my dream of having the super power of invisibility come true? Because it sure felt like I was invisible the entire time I was here.

Upon sitting down, I was greeted within 5 mins. Ok. I was asked if I wanted a menu and I said yes. I received my beer and menu...and then boring. I sat there for over an hour. We finally got someone to come over after flagging them down. Not a good start.

And then our food order was poorly timed. And then we couldn't get anyone to close us out. I must have that power of invisibility. It's not like the bar was overly crowded. And the two bartenders seemed to hate each other. And they only liked to pay attention to the customers they knew (and those folks didn't get checks).

Here's a rundown of the food and drinks:
- Beer offerings are alright. Mostly crap beers with a couple of decent ones. 3 stars
- Whiskey Sour was impossibly weak. All ice and sour. 1 star 
- Chipotle chicken nachos were huge, but mostly all chips. Chicken had a decent flavor. Salsa was meh. Guac was good. 2.5 stars
- Wedge and steak salad was ok. Wedge salad part had ok enough flavors. Not much bacon on it. The steak was really fatty and incredibly bland. 2 stars 
- The stroganoff was the best dish. Meat was cheap and some of it fatty. But the flavors were good. And the pasta was cooked well. 3 stars

I really wanted to like this place. I'm close to it on a regular basis. But the service was so crappy. And the food just didn't overcome the crappy service. So while the decor and ambiance are nice, I won't be a regular. Maybe it's better if you sit at a table? Maybe it's better on a different night with different bartenders?
After reading great reviews, I decided to make reservations for 10 to celebrate a 30th birthday. I was completely disgusted with the service we received from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. 

As soon as we walked in the waitress who sat us was hanging over a table eating french fries from a customers plate. She rudely asked if we were the party of 10 and brought us to our seats. When it came time to order the food the waitress (wish I got her name) was so rude it was unbelievable!! She rolled her eyes and huffed and puffed because it was a little loud and confusing with our big group. I don't care how big and loud we are, you DO NOT roll your eyes and pout like a baby to your customers. While she was picking up the menus she dropped them and said "god damnit" right behind us!   When our food came out it was up to us to figure out where the plates needed to go and we were missing an entre. When we finally waved down the waitress she stated "well I gave them the order there was just a lot of food" so we decided to cancel the plate. Five minute later she drops it in front of us and says well the chef made so I wanted to give you the option to eat it. 

That was the last straw, a member from our group found a manager and explained our complete disgust with our waitress. The manager claimed to be shocked and said she was her best waitress. If she is your best waitress then that might explain why your restaurant was dead on a Saturday night.  The manager did comp all of our drinks which was 71$ but still added the 18% gratuity and a service charge. I would have paid for my drinks instead of giving the waitress our money.  


The waitresses are so concerned with catering to the 5 older regulars then the new business that is coming in. The sad part is the food was decent and the music was enjoyable they have so much potential but will not have repeat customers with those waitresses. If it wasn't for having such a big party on a Saturday night, we would have walked out upon arriving. 

Decent food, good music, and the worst service I have ever experienced in Las Vegas! Wish they didn't have good food so I could give them 1 star.
I didn't know what to expect from Elixer.  Located in an odd corner of Henderson intermixed among apartments and a small office complex.  It seemed odd entering and having to take an elevator upstairs but it created an interesting mistique.  The staff was friendly and Teresa and Tony were very helpful learning the menu.  There was live music on Saturday on a small stage.  They have happy hour till 6 but I was late.  There is a nice selection of beers and well drinks.  I only ordered an appetizer, the mashed potato bites, which were heavenly.  I gambled a bit so my drinks were free (something I didn't know about bars because I never play at the bar).  I was up about 80 dollars but I felt terrible about it so I gambled until it was all gone.  All in all it was a nice few hours on a Saturday evening watching sports on the several TV's above the bar.  

THERE IS ALSO A POOL TABLE!!!!!!!! and poker tournaments on Tuesday Nights.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon with babe. 

Shes been here before but wanted to take me there for my first time. Its right by her work and said that they have really good food.

We ordered the chicken wings, stuffed mushrooms and fries.
Chicken wings were really good nice and crispy. We usually prefer the sauce on the side so the wings dont become soggy. The stuffed mushrooms omg really good, but i think i can make them better. lol. And fres you know fries are always a must. But the food was really good. 

Its really nice inside it reminds me of Burlesque the movie. Really intimate and sexy. Its kind of hard to find the place since its like in a corporate area but try this place. Its really good and the waitresses are really sweet.
I'll keep it short and sweet... great service, awesome food, and strong drinks!!! I will be back for sure
The food was pretty good - kinda fancy American style. 
I was really excited about the location because it's kinda on a hill with this huge patio upstairs. Unfortunately, they closed the patio and put curtains over all the windows! What?!!?? I would have loved to come here and sit in the patio, enjoying the view and weather with a drink. I guess they're more focused on the gaming. Too bad because what could be a cool neighborhood bar is now just a pts with a red interior. Oh and to top it all off, it's smoky as hell inside. Probably won't be back.
One of my friends started working at this place when it opened. I enjoyed it back then because it was nice to get out of the typical bar environment. Recently, they've added a nice red felted pool table to match the ambiance of the place (along with Golden Tee) and I'm a happier camper. The service staff are all very friendly and the food is pretty good too!
A Groupon took us there last weekend. It sounded kind of cool and chill. We arrived rather early on a Saturday night--probably before six. It was trendy-looking with black and red decor--a little modern gothic. However, at that time, it was brightly lit, sports games were playing on big monitors, and country music was blaring. Was it a sports bar or a chill-out lounge? Very strange. Closer to 7, the lights went down, and we saw a musician setting up, so perhaps later into the evening it looks like it the name suggests. 

I ordered the Elixir Margarita, which was probably one of the worst I've ever had. It tasted like straight lime juice. I like a little more sweet.  It was happy hour when I ordered it, so it wasn't very expensive. 

Our Groupon was for an appetizer and two entrees. We ordered the nachos. The up side was that it was a HUGE portion. This would have been perfect for a table of friends sharing some munchies over happy hour.  For two of us, it was a MEAL! It was not that great tasting, though. The meat was pretty flavorless, and the real cheese stuck it all together pretty fast. Kind of reminded me of when I make nachos at home. Eh. 

My husband ordered a steak, and it was cooked nicely, and it had a good flavor. 
I ordered Angel Hair Pasta, and it was fresh and had a nice flavor.  I only ate a few bites because of the nachos, and I took the rest home. The next night my family of 4 ate it for dinner. It was that big of a portion!

I'm ambivalent about going there again to eat.   Apparently they have live music in the evenings on the weekends, so if we're in the neighborhood, I think I'd like scope it out then.
I had one one the best old fashions I've had in a while. Street tacos were fantastic, great presentation as well. Service was good, cool atmosphere to relax and have a good drink with some good food. Would definitely recommend it, and would definitely go back again.
I absolutely love the interior design. I would take any friends here for a night out that is close to home but not the typical dive or gaming bar feel. This place feels snazzy. 
The us timer service is great. All of the hosts are interactive and make you feel comfortable but not overwhelmed. 
Thanks for a superb environment to relax and have a drink.
My cousins 30th bday dinner was Saturday night at Elixir...I had read multiple positive reviews and figured all would go off without any hitches....WRONG. 
From the second we walked in I was kind of put off...the hostess/waitress was sitting at a hi top table with a patron eating his french fries. She proceeded to seat us and treated us as though we had interrupted her effing meal. 
It only got worse. Now let me tell you, I am very much a go with the flow type of personality. I have learned not to expect too much because you will constantly end up disappointed. That being said, our server was not only incompetent, but, had a stank ass attitude to go along with her ineptitude. After we placed our orders she proceeded to clear the table of menus, as she was doing this she dropped the menus and loudly said "god d*** it!" Listen I'm no holy roller, but, that shite was uncalled for. 
The food was brought to our table in no particular order and we were given the task of sorting which meal went to which seat. I had ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich, which by now I'm sure you have guessed did not even show up with the rest of the food. So as our sourpuss server comes by again, I asked if my meal would be out shortly, to which she replied what did you order again? I told her I had ordered a  Philly cheesesteak and she in a irritated manner said "okay, I will let the kitchen know you want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich." She made it sound like I never ordered anything to eat in the first place. I sat there for a second and thought to myself "I don't want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich, I want the one that I ordered 20 minutes ago!"
In conclusion I want to be fair to this joint and let everyone know that the food I actually ate was pretty good,but, the service sucked gonads.
I first experienced a taste of Elixir at a Yelp Elite event.  The bountiful food served was so good that night that I vowed to be back.  And, even though the food choices appearing on the regular menu were totally different than what was offered buffet style to Yelpers a month earlier, they were still of 5-star quality.  Meatballs 3-Ways with Ricotta Cheese, herbs, and spices was a large and comforting appetizer that was served with Alfredo, Marinara, and an interesting Green Pepper Cream Sauce.  When requested grated Parmesan Cheese arrived, I liberally sprinkled what appeared to be fresh cheese onto the meatballs, and was quite pleased with the result.  Breaded Chicken Fingers were mild, well made, and also satisfying.

These fine apps were followed by an excellent cheesy French Onion Soup prepared with nicely caramelized Vidalia Onions and a well-deconstructed crouton in a Sherry Wine Beef Broth that was capped by a lid of melted Swiss Cheese.

An enormous entree of off-the-menu Beef Stroganoff was simply excellent, with abundant lengths of lean beef, an immense amount of flat noodles, and creamy, heart-warming Brown Sauce intermixed with sour cream.  What I took home was too big for lunch, so it served as another delicious dinner.

Beer Battered Fish & Chips included moist deep-fried cod and a tasty homemade Lemon Tartar Sauce accompanied by creamy Coleslaw.  

Our request to put our leftover food in the cooler while my party of four adjourned to play several hands of Nevada Poker League-sponsored Texas Hold 'em upstairs was graciously granted by our server Katie.  Hours later our food was cheerfully brought to us, and we left.  

But not for long!  I will surely be back for more onion soup and sumptuous stroganoff!
I love this place and there drink menu the atmosphere is very nice and the locals are welcoming. I will go again! Probably become a regular! Love bands on weekends!
I've been here a few times for early evening drinks. The ambiance of the place is great! Very swanky in red and black. The location is nice too, it seems an odd place for a lounge but I like it. I don't have to go to the strip or downtown to get that little bit of extra over your regular neighborhood bar. 

It's pretty mellow and quite enough to have a conversation, which is a rare find for a bar! But on my most recent visit last night (a Friday night) it was getting a little loud with a band setting up. Nevertheless the vibe is what sells me on this place. I'm heading there again tonight for a 1st date. Hopefully the Saturday night vibe doesn't kill the chill lounge vibe. 

Lastly, on the menu, this is why it only gets 3 stars. I haven't eaten much here but nibbled on a few fries, or the like, from others plates. I don't remember  finding much for vegetarian options. They seem limited to the pretzel bites, make your own pizza, or a veggie burger. They don't even have a vegetarian salad, how odd is that? It's a SALAD. You're supposed to be focusing on the veggies in that case. Pretty boring in my opinion. Asking for subtractions or substitutions is a pain but if your diet is other than avid carnivore you'll need to be that person here. Friends that are carnivores say the food is good though.
Extremely excited for what this establishment will bring to Vegas. This is a extremely good reason to visit the strip. The whole place has a great energy and the show line-up is off the hook! 

More details to follow...
This place is awesome. Came here on opening night (accidentally) I'm a local came to check out the Linq outdoor area which is awesome. So Soul Live they were really really great. Had dinner food was pretty good I'd give it a B+ service was speller though! What a cool place to come and hang out bowl watch shows (lineup is diverse with some pretty big names) anyway I'd recommend it for sure and I'll definitely be back (which says a lot bc locals don't hit up the strip too often).
Such a great venue that includes 16 bowling lanes, a restaurant, a stage with dance floor & plenty of bars to keep you hydrated. 

Bowling is $60 a hour for a lane & shoe rentals for up to 8 people. Be sure to try to snag an lane on the second floor because it comes with your own private box on the balcony that overlooks the stage & dance floor! Really is the best seat in the house. 

Food is phenomenal as well. I personally loved the french bread pizza, corn on the cob & the alcoholic milkshake. DO NOT leave without tasting the milkshake! Literally the best milkshake I have ever had. 

I have already bought tickets to come back for another show!
Went here opening weekend. What an amazing time we had. Live music, bowling, and great food and drinks. The decor is cool, the space is huge, and the staff was friendly and very attentive. Our server in the lanes, Tina, did a great job making sure our drinks were never empty and was on her A-game when it came to getting our very (extremely) complicated order right.   Great energy, great experience, and certainly a place I plan on frequenting in the future.   Perfect new weekend spot that everyone should check out.
Super! Great addition to Las Vegas Entertainment, nightlife and music scene. The music sounds real great from any location inside. The bowling is great and food and bar service fantastic. Raising the bar in Las Vegas.
Awesome bowling and venue.  However, even though after 8 p.m., it is supposed to be 21+, the management let in small children who ran through our couch area and jumped on our table where our beer and food was.   Really took away from the fun time we were having.
Fantastic new venue at the Linq.   The staff is friendly, attentive and make sure you are happy.  The bowling is awesome. They bring you your shoes and Ball. Couches to relax and a server brings you your drinks.  Plenty of seating thruout the venue. The concert area is big and well thought out.  Looking forward to returning.  You guys Rock
Very visually appealing. The sound is good for shows. Food and drinks are expensive as with all the new vegas places. Bring your wallet and plan on spending alot for a good time.
I've had the wonderful opportunity to visit Brooklyn Bowl not once, but twice in one week and let me tell you, I couldn't WAIT to write this review.  Instead of writing a review the first time, I waited for two visits, so I could write a really well balanced review. I thought the first time was too good to be true. Man, I'm glad I waited...

FINALLY, a REALLY great space on the strip.  As a local, I try to stay away from the strip as it's too congested and inconvenient for the everyday life.  This place, will absolutely bring me back time and time again.  When you approach "The BB," you'll notice a very aesthetically pleasing olden day-type cinema sign.  From the outside, it doesn't look that big, but don't let that fool you!  Once you enter, you'll make your way up the escalators.  To the right is a little bar, high top table seating area.  This area is full of large windows which offers great views of the Linq.  To the left of the concierge desk are the restrooms and a couple of ATM machines.  Pass the desk and there's either an outdoor space with table tops and a smoking section to the right, and a lovely restaurant with another bar!  Then, the good stuff:  Passed all that, is a HUGE concert venue area and 16 lanes of bowling.  WOW!  Don't worry, there's a few more bars to keep you liquored up all night long.  If that's not enough, make your way to top VIP area where there's lots of balcony space for the concert, sofas for seating and 16 more lanes to bowl on!  In the VIP area, there's also a bar, an outside roof deck and even a very eclectic living room which offers comfortable couches, big screen tvs, quirky signs and lights, all encompassed with a quieter atmosphere.  SOOO AWESOME!!!  

Brooklyn Bowl is full of amazing features. All around, there's leather couches, palm trees, artsy signs, vines covering the walls and lots of exposed brick. Shows lots of character. The staff is also on point!  They are nice, attentive and EVERYWHERE.  All I have to say is the staffing department did an amazing job!  (There's your shout out, Java!) In all seriousness, one of my former coworker left our company to work at this place and I'm glad she did.  I'm absolutely amazed!  On my first visit, our server was Michael, who goes by Micah.  He was AH-MAZE-ING.  So accommodating, so nice and personable, so awesome. I firmly believe the overall experience comes from the tone a server sets and The BB is filled with positive servers and bartenders.  

I'm not going to lie, the drinks aren't cheap.  I payed about $12 for my Ketel One vodka and soda water.  WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?  You're on the strip.  If you're going to come here, make sure you can afford it.  If not, I think Southpoint has bowling and dollar drinks LOL.  I don't mind it at all, because I don't do this very often.  On both visits, I also had the awesome opportunity to try their food for free.  Here's what I had and here's what I thought:

BBQ pork sliders with cole slaw:  The pork was tender and flavorful.  The cole slaw added a crunchy texture and sweet taste.  The bun was good, maybe too thick, but didn't hurt the experience.

The San Gennaro Pizza:  VERY GOOD pizza.  It's filled with sausage, mozzarella and pepper.  This pizza is packed with sausage!  Lots of toppings offered NO complaints LOL. 

Chicken wings:  THE BEST THING THEY HAVE, BY FAR!  The batter was crispy and crunchy and light.  It was so flavorful with spices and not overpowering. It was served with honey which is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  It really just takes the wings to the next level.  So delicious.

Rolling Stone really hit home when they said Brooklyn Bowl is "one of the most incredible places on earth."  I really believe that on a Las Vegas strip perspective.  Who would have thought a venue that offers bowling and live music in one place would be such a hit!  This is exactly what Vegas needed.  Opening up with one of the coolest bands, The Roots, was a great move on their part.  Listen, if you're in the area, turn north on Koval and make a turn into Winnick street.  You need to park your car and walk to Brooklyn Bowl.  This place will blow you away.  Trust me, it's simply AH-MAZE-ING!
This is a brand new venue at The Linq. This place is ridiculously amazing! There's not one bad thing I could say about it. The staff was great and very informative and the bartenders were quick. Nobody ever wants to wait forever for a drink. They had PBR on tap which is my drink of choice so I was happy. They had bowling lanes to the left part of the venue and the stage for shows to the right. I went to see The Roots play and when I went to the bathroom during the show, (a no-no) the speakers were low level and blasting so you don't miss a thing. They were high quality so it made it that much better. They also had an outside patio lounge overlooking the walkway which is pretty chill. It's definitely an amazing new venue that's going to bring a hell of a fight to the Cosmopolitan's venues. Well done Linq, you are genius! Check out a show, you won't be mad.
They are new and are still working the bugs out.

Hours posted outside differ from website. (see photo)

Taxi drop off is NOT available at the time of this review. 

Standing room only to view the concert.

The mixed drink I tried was expensive and not drinkable. I had to toss it out as it tasted like gasoline. I asked for something top self and they didn't carry it.

Sound was good.

Place was kept clean as people were dropping drinks and the workers were quick to clean up.
Items Selected:
The Classic - Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil
The Theresa - Butternut Squash, Mushrooms, Roasted Garlic
Basket of Smoked BBQ Wings
Fried Chicken Platter - 8 Mixed
Mac & Cheese - Baked with Bread Crumbs
Veggie Buster - Roasted Butternut Squash, Mushrooms, Red Peppers, Artichokes, Eggplant, Olive, Arugula, Mozzarella, Tomatoes, Vinaigrette
Bourbon Street Shake with Nutella and Bourbon
Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream and Hot Fudge
Chocolate Frosted Cupcakes

Knowing full well that testing a restaurant during its early days is always a risky proposition the visit from three friends, all music fans and two vegetarians, made Brooklyn Bowl an irresistible destination for Saturday Night; a night not without mistakes - but not a single one of them involving the food.  Over 80,000 square feet and opening nearly 20 minutes late as staff scrambled and soundcheck overran it must be said that the new Linq locale is beautiful, the dining area, stage, and lanes all up a gleaming escalator and with clever bowling-hip dcor used to divide but not occlude each area from the next both the energy and the volume were high, even with the lanes not opened for "unexpected" reasons.  Settling into our seats, five of us in total, and provided the Blue Ribbon crafted menu service was decidedly rough around the edges - dishes misdescribed, crib notes clearly used, tickets incorrect, and delays plus dropped plates common - but with grace and humor plus a good environment most was forgivable...at least for now.  Moving on to food and beverage, a total of four beers and two milkshakes complimented six plates plus two desserts and with the Bourbon Street Shake and Cookie Dough disguised as French Toast "bread pudding" shining brightly amongst the sweets it was the savories that all wowed; 'bar' or 'bowling-alley' food only in spirit.  Beginning first with toasty pizzas featuring immaculate produce over thick toasted bread and moving on to smoked chicken wings so moist as to fall off the bone without a hint of grease it was what followed that most diners will come for, and with good reason.  Considered by some to be the "best" fried chicken they've ever tasted an 8 piece mixed plate was ordered and delivered alongside breadcrumb crusted macaroni that could certainly generate similar praise the matzo-crusted, brined bird truly was remarkable - just enough spice and salinity in the golden coat plus a chicharone-esque crunch to each bite bringing the quality of the moist bird to the fore. Already running an impressive kitchen in a venue primed to make a big impact in the local music scene it should only be assumed that service and timing will improve and while the 'best' debates will surely continue I know for a fact this was not my last visit to Brooklyn Bowl - gutter-balls and Black Label Society followed by a Banana Split and Molten Chocolate Brownie anyone?
Actually hailing natively from Brooklyn and going to the original Brooklyn Bowl, my initial thoughts were: I wish Vegas would just be itself. But, as I'm learning the longer I'm here, Vegas' culture is actually just an appropriation of all other cultures. 

That being said, it's actually really dope inside - that whole area is incredible - and this Brooklyn Bowl is significantly bigger! It's also not in a giant industrial wasteland, which I appreciate. Got to see The Roots perform for free was a highlight, duh. 

Blue Ribbon: y'all already know. Fried chicken always gets two thumbs up, and a wink! ;)

Lots of attractive locals seem to frequent here, which makes me happy. It's been a LONG TIME coming that Vegas needed a place like this. Somewhere on the Strip that has an open and walkable atmosphere that is down to earth and not something overly kitschy, glitzy, or touristy. I'm sure once The Linq actually opens, it'll be a shit show. Until then, I'm into it. 

Lastly I hung out with Bruce Bromberg on the patio, so obviously that's going to color my opinion. All in all, a wonderful night, and I will be back for many more.
I really dig this venue. The Roots were playing on the night I went - I arrived early to start the night off with drinks and some of their famous fried chicken. 

The fried chicken was top notch. Loved the seasoning on it. Probably the best I've had in this city (Note: Vegas isn't really known for fried chicken). Super juicy, but not too greasy. Real good combo with some beer (Magic Hat on tap) . Came up to $20 for 4 pieces of chicken, collared greens, mashed potatoes, and a slice of white bread. Wasn't too hungry so I shared it with a friend. Good stuff to munch on while waiting. You can either eat indoors or outdoors with a view of the Linq that's great for people watching.

As a music venue, it's really great too. It's just an overall fun atmosphere to be around. Plenty of bars, lots of walking room, and a outdoor 2nd story patio for some air. I also liked the fact that you can get away from the stage to some seats where you can actually hear conversations with company.

I didn't get to try out the bowling, but the alley looked really modern and trendy. More upscale than most bowling alleys that I've seen.

All in all, a really great venue that offers a lot to do. It looks like they have some great artists lined up to perform in the future. I'm definitely going to be dropping by here often.
Great food and atmosphere but two rounds of shots for 5,  a plate of fries and 2 games of bowling came out to 360.00!!!!  I would NEVER go back here. .. way over priced. ..
Because bowling shoes ARE dancing shoes!
It's always tough reviewing concert venues because the actual show is such a major factor. Seriously, Kenny G anywhere (or Kenny Loggins or Kenny Chesney ... pretty much any Kenny) is going to suck. Elvis Costello & The Roots, on the other hand, can make any joint your favorite place on Earth for a night. 
The beauty of Brooklyn Bowl is that it's got its own perfect game going. The people running and staffing BB are a separate class of awesome. (In particular, Adrees Ali earned the title of Grand Protector and Redeemer.) They took us in, made sure we had everything we needed, and sent us home feeling like we'd just found the one true oasis in the desert. 
I confess that I mostly hate Vegas. BB understands that not everyone wants to wallow in the desperate skank that floods every casino and most every corner of the strip. They've found the right blend of food, drink, music, and atmosphere and, naturally, added bowling! It works brilliantly. Even without the tasty grub and ten-pin hijinks, it's a great venue. The sound is excellent, and no matter where you are--from floor to balcony to the bowling deck--you have clear sight lines. The size is ideal (just under 2,000 capacity), and you can tell that the musicians feel the intimacy of it as well. The whole affair is also a screaming good deal. 
If your show starts at 9:00, grab a lane at 7:00. After that, you're taken care of. It's a kind of magic Copperfield can't touch.
Amazing service! Seriously, I don't think I've ever been so picked up after. 
Loved the Rock & Roll fries, but they're an acquired taste for sure. And the fried chicken...so good. Crispy goodness served with collard greens and mashed potatoes.
The atmosphere is fun...a little loud next to the bowling alley, but it's not fine dining so it's not terrible. 
Oh, and the adobo corn...get that!
I am pretty freaking excited that we now have a Brooklyn Bowl! VEGAS is officially taking over! WE ARE FUN! =D

A few days ago, my friends and family went to check it out for the first time to see the Roots (so I have yet to actually bowl there!). There was a huge line outside, but since the venue is pretty big, we got in there fairly quickly.

The stage is fairly small, but there is plenty of room to move around if you are watching the show. There are a couple bars close to the stage, and the bartenders are pretty fast so the lines aren't too CRAY. 

One of the coolest things I observed is that there are bowling lanes upstairs and downstairs! Also, if there is a performance going on, they have huge screens in front of the alley so you can watch while you bowl! 8) Now isn't that cool?!

I will definitely update as soon as I finally go bowling there, but in the mean time- check it out!

PS. I did hear that kids can bowl before 8pm, so you can bring the family!

HAVE FUN! =D
Went there for the Elvis Costello and The Roots concert! What a venue! Had dinner on the patio over looking 16 Block, Hospitality and The High Roller, nice view! Fried Chicken and wings were good.  They serve honey to put on the fried chicken.  The blowling alley has double decker lanes, thought that was super awesome! And at the same time the concert area was jumping! Bars all over, lounge in front is the Bomb! I will be back!
While the concept of Brooklyn Bowl is good and the space for a small concert is great. The security staff is far less than friendly and it's very confusing to know where your "allowed" to go. Many different colored wristbands with no rhyme or reason as to where you can go, and this being a brand new establishment you would think the security would be a bit more friendly when they explain the MANY rules of the place. They definitely need a lesson in customer service.
Only reviewing the concert venue part of Brooklyn Bowl but ASSURE you will be back too not only do some bowling but check out some of the food. I came Brooklyn Bowl check out Elvis Costello and The Roots since won tickets on yelp. Shout out too Drew A. He is always working hard coming up with great events and hooking yelpers with all kine tickets. I do like both bands just so you all know but truth just as excited too check out Brooklyn Bowl. I had no idea the concert venue going too be set up. Me not exactly concert guy but been too few different locations for concert in Vegas and nothing like the venue at Brooklyn Bowl. Really not just Vegas but could not think of another venue with the whole vibe with everything else going on around and just the walk too Brooklyn Bowl down the Linq really unique. 

Lets start with walking down cobblestone street too Brooklyn Bowl one that marquee not miss with bright colors and really stand out. Along the way bunch of other restaurants, shops, and few more things not yet open but excited about. Once you get in take escalator upstairs since nothing on ground level. As you get up kind of excitement of unknown the first time all you see is the Brooklyn Bowl sign. Soon you walk in go music playing that most part current stuff and high energy music. The views you see from Brooklyn Bowl from the bar close too the front has great view of The Linq also the restaurant (really not much of restaurant terms of size, not one of the main focus more on the bowling alley and the concert venue; but admit too credit or have no idea no short cuts comes too the food) and best part concert venue patio area open air that chill outside people watch or enjoy the weather. If really bored can look into these observation binoculars see on top of the empire state building. Though not sure you be looking at but like the decor not only with the binoculars but potted plants and lounge vibe. 

The concert venue. Five star more like Six stars in Sugi world. I much more enjoy small venue than big ass venues because get too appreciate the music and the artist on another level. Also not so small that feel trapped in box bump into people or people blocking your view and might get irritated. Brooklyn Bowl had that balance. Yay the stage not that big but still stage that do lot especially with the lighting. The sound system is awesome! I was kicking in back with my friend. You could hear Elvis and The Roots clearly. Even off the dance area in the back can see the performer clearly or if need close up televisions all around (yes even if bowling like free concert literally behind you) plus behind the bar never miss beat. The bars think five star set up!!! Why??? Most places have one or two bar set up not design with the flow or traffic pattern once the concert starts up. One off the side next too the stage and two more in the back area. So not like trample over people too get beer or drink. The space around the dance area and god love the open space feeling from two levels (second level vip). Sunday so maybe concert on friday/saturday might not be as spacious but still LOVE the set up. Great vibe!

Brooklyn Beer is Awesome!! I had all three Lager, Brown, Pilsner. Highly recommend if love craft beers definitely another reason too come Brooklyn Bowl. Assure you be back for the bowling, food, and more craft beer!!!
I went on one of the nights they offered free bowling for 90 minutes plus half off food for locals.  Couldn't get over the size of the place!  Vegas has come a long way from the Gold Coast bowling alley.  At least GC still has all those great photos of people in bowling poses for scoring 300.  

Good luck throwing a 300 here!  If anyone manages to do it with all the flashing lights and pizza grease on your thumb enhancing the spin of the ball ever so slightly, you might test positive for some substances.  I'd also like to meet you. 

But bowling good isn't what it's all about at Brooklyn Bowl.  I feel that's true but I might still be like 2% sore over losing to a girl.  Not even barely.....dominated.  The atmosphere is really cool, good beers on tap starting at $8, and the balcony could be sneaky chill when it gets warmer.  A lot of fun will be had at this venue.      

I wasn't digging the seats for bowling.  It would have been awkward if our party of 4 all sat on the big leather couch together as it was a tight squeeze.  The party of 8 across our table were pretty bunched up.  It also would've been kind of a mess had they ordered drinks and food too since all 12 of us were sharing one (albeit long) table.  

Definitely dine before bowling because eating with your hands, playing with balls and then eating more is gross.  Someone is bound for pink eye or worse.  Although "The Fatty" pizza was Stouffer's French bread pizza on steroids delicious, I had to eat it with a fork while standing.  That's kinda lame.  

It's all minor stuff in the whole picture of things.  Can't wait to check out some shows!  Lots of great acts on the schedule already.
This venue is mind-blowing!! Music, booze, food, and bowling all in one roof... it definitely can't get any better than that.

Came in to see The Roots and their set was ridiculous!! The stage is quite small but wasn't too crowded. There are also about 5 bars throughout the place serving Brooklyn brews on tap.  How dope is that though?!

What I'm most excited about Brooklyn Bowl: Bromberg Brothers serving Blue Ribbon fried chicken right around my neighborhood till four in the morning.  Make sure to eat it with hot sauce and honey... foodporn!!

Bowling alleys on two floors with one overlooking the stage.  I'm not much of a bowler but I'd actually try it out in this place.  Not sure if you need show tickets to bowl when someone's performing.  They also stream the concert at the front of the alley so players can see what's going on at the stage while having a game.  Then again, why trade an epic live performance with bowling?!

Overall, Brooklyn Bowl is certainly one of Las Vegas' awesome music venues.  I pick this over Boulevard Pool/House of Blues any day.
Great design but many rules and loads if security like a night club but during the day.
really rad place, bowling, concerts, food, drinks, patio, nice atmosphere, plenty of room to have a good time. I will be seeing more shows here in the future!
Brooklyn Bowl is by far the most amazing indoor music venue I've ever been to and without a doubt the coolest new spot in Las Vegas.  Finally, a 21+ venue that books great talent and does not focus on electronic music, DJs, or the Vegas club scene!

We grabbed tickets to see Local Natives on Sunday night.  First of all, the venue is absolutely gigantic. From the outside, I would never have expected it to be this big. There's a restaurant area (I'll be back to check out the food) and about 5 different bars that make a nice exterior border of the space. There are TWO floors everyone has access to - each floor with bars along side the stage.  On tap options include Rogue Dead Guy Ale and three different "Brooklyn Brews" beers. The bar staff was also really friendly and helpful - after ordering a Dead Guy Ale and a coke, the bar tender asked if the coke was for my DD and when I said yes, she said no charge. Little things like that really made me feel happy about where I'm spending my time and money. 

I don't think there's a bad view of the stage from any spot in the entire venue. The "floor" area in front of the stage looks big at first glimpse, but as soon as the band takes the stage and begins to play, the area immediately begins to feel more intimate, which makes for a great live music atmosphere. The venue also has pretty solid audio-visual. They're not trying to do too much by hanging huge screens everywhere or over the top lights and LED/laser shows.  Instead, the focus is on the band and the music, highlighted with an impressive mix of smoke effects and color schemes. No distractions - let the music and venue speak for itself.  The sound was absolutely incredible too - from every angle. I stood on the floor, on the side of the stage at the bar, in the back, upstairs, and in a booth at the bowling alley and the sound was consistently great. I'm not sure if this was because Local Natives was playing (they are SUCH a great live band), but I was super impressed by Brooklyn Bowl's acoustics.  

Oh yeah, there is a bowling alley inside with lanes on both floors!!! At the back of every lane, there is a giant leather booth that overlooks the stage so you don't miss anything while you're bowling ... or, so you can just hang out and enjoy the show. Reserving a lane is probably the way to go when you've got a big group of friends - drink/food service, seating, bowling, and huge screens above every lane that show a live feed of the band that's playing. Can this place get any cooler??  

I found my new favorite hangout and with the lineup they've created for the next few months, Brooklyn Bowl has something for everyone. Check this place out - you won't be disappointed.
Came here for a concert the other night and I absolutely loved it! The whole bowling, restaurant and concert venue concept is amazing. 

The place is huge. I was very impressed when I first walked in. The atmosphere is nice... Dark lighting, cool designs. Took the escalators upstairs and the place gets even better. Their restaurant is there along with the bowling lanes and the stage concert area. It was extremely open. I went to the local natives concert and there were a lot of people there but still so much open space! I did not feel closed off at all. 

After the opening band, there was an intermission so my friends and I decided to check out the restaurant (because we heard how amazing their fried chicken was). The seats were great... had an awesome view of the bowling lanes. The stage itself was blocked by some funky looking clowns on a wall but we could still see what was going on, on the stage, from the giant tv screens behind the bowling lanes. It seems like you can come here just to dine, during a concert... without concert tickets! I'll have to check it out again. 

Totally impressed about this place. What a great addition to the strip/Vegas!
I can't believe I missed this place on my reviews for vegas last weekend.   It was fantastic.  Blue Ribbon food.   The beers and drinks were cheap and Vahe (sp?) made us the sickest dirty Martini's ever.   They really know what they are doing...far enough from the new LinQ (when will it ever open?) and close enough to the strip.   You can stumble right into the new O'sheas!    There was a bartender in the corner by the bowling alley in the dark and she would come out now and then to change the margarita slush or whatever.  We didn't mind because she was in yoga pants and had ass for days.   Make sure you go!!
Came here on a Thursday night and we had a blast! The live music was great while playing bowling! Locals get to bowl for free so definitely check this place out if you are a local!
Another pretty dam cool place.

Adult wonderland or Adult chuckie cheese! I don't know. This business covers every base for a good nice out. Great bar, extensive menu, bowling lanes and with a live band venue what more could you want!

Trying a new place is always fun, and this place for sure has the wow factor. A nice escalator to take you up to the second floor, our group was greeted and sat at a nice table close to the bowling lanes.

Ordering some corn on the Cobb to start then into some flatbread pizza and last but not least the fried chicken!!! Now this is the food to get!!! Light, dark or mixed fried chicken was tasty and well presented. Few pints of Mad Hat and we were off.

With bands playing most days of the month this place will be a venue to keep an eye on!
Came here excited to check it out! Waited over a half hour +  for my appetizer only for it to Come with my food... The food was cold and wasn't the best quality, was expecting the chicken dinner to be amazing and was disappointed ! After waiting that long there is no reason the food should have been cold! The only perk was that the music and atmosphere was good! I appreciate the manager taking the appetizer off the bill and bringing new food that was hot but shouldn't have had to wait that long and it made for a bad first impression ! Not to mention the drinks were over-priced and Came out half full! If your going to charge an  arm and a leg at least make it worth it
Came to one of the best concerts I have ever been to at this venue. Was able to be so close I could read the set list (and I am short!). The drinks were very expensive. I didn't sample any of the food but very much appreciated the intimate venue experience.
Went to see Cake on our anniversary.
It's a pretty nice venue, not my favorite in town but nice none the less. 
Park at The Linq parking lot, it's a short walk away to The BB and  lots of shops and restaurants.
We didn't eat or bowl while inside but we did drink, nice selection of booze but the prices are steep. Our concert tickets were a bit pricey too, compared to other shows we've been to in town.
The sound was good, no complaints, it wasn't over crowded, even on the floor. I think the floor is a bit small but it's nice to be able to actually see who is singing. There are only a few tables with chairs, so expect to stand. The floor is flat, so you will have an obstructed view if you are short. 
It's a cool place, lots of great shows are scheduled. I will definitely go back!
I definitely see the potential as far as the bowling and drinks.. But when it comes to food to price.... HORRIBLE. We ordered the calamari which was $14.50 to our waiters advice and hand motion the portion size was decently large.. WRONG! The burger and fries were decent also but definitely NOT. Worth the price.
Sorry to say but as much as I really like the place as a music venue; I was extremely disappointed with the food.  We ordered their renowned world famous fried chicken and the Chile Rubbed Ribeye steak.
I've had the fried chicken before at Blue Ribbon Sushi in NY and at The Cosmo here in Vegas. This was not the same. I actually think they might have forgotten to double dip it in the batter.  The skin coating was kind of thin and not that crispy. The ribeye was just plain fatty and chewy. Additionally, although I ordered it "Medium" it was clearly delivered "Rare".
I might give the fried chicken another chance due to its reputation but the ribeye was clearly an inferior/cheap cut they are serving.  And although they have only 8 or 10 tables outside I enjoy al fresco dining this time of year in Vegas.

I do really enjoy the entertainment and feel of the place. I've already seen 3 live shows here and look forward to seeing a few more.  Maybe even doing some bowling next time.
Came here for dinner, waiters took a while to get our order and there was not alot people. We ordered "The Theresa" and the Corn on cob with chili, cheese and lime. The food tasted fine but i feel like it was overpriced, $6 for one corn on a cob with chili and cheese? come on now.
This is my second trip to Brooklyn Bowl since it opened. First time I saw Cake and the venue size versus crowd was completely excellent. 

This time I went for food and I have to give huge props to the host staff. I called a reservation, but wasn't going to make it because some ridiculous concert was going on in the free outdoor lot for the Linq. After being turned away from no less than four lots (seriously security/traffic control WTF it's pretty anti-business), ended up parking at Caesars. Gillian saved my table! And was extremely courteous to my party. Gillian made our night! 

Food was alright-- decent prices for downtown. Fried chicken was excellent, must have been a good night.
Came here for a Sunday lunch and was impressed by the atmosphere and just how genuinely cool this place is. Decided to try some food in the restaurant area behind the bowling alley. The little clown faces are cool to look at. Now, for the food I decided to try the ribeye which was ok. I should've gone with something else more closer to the other items on the menu. My girlfriend had the fried chicken which was delicious. I wish I would've grabbed that instead. I kept picking off her plate the whole time. The chicken was really juicy on the inside and the skin had a great crunch and just an overall great flavor. The price is about $20 which comes with four pieces of chicken and mash. I will definitely be getting that the next time I come here. Oh, and make sure to use the hot sauce which added that extra kick. All in all I would recommend this place if you're willing to spend a little more money on a dinner or lunch that you normally would.
Booked a few bowling lanes for my wife's birthday and everyone had a great time.  They quoted some insane prices for lanes during concert hours so I booked prior.  Things ended up working out for us because for whatever reason it was not that crowded and we were able to stay a little longer to finish our games (because we got started late).  The manager was a real nice guy and was very accommodating...he actually ended up comping us the bowling charge (which was already lower than what I was quoted when I booked.  I'm not sure why there was a disconnect but my guess is that they are still figuring things out and adjust based on the crowd.

A few critiques - I think the bowling system is nothing special and it appears the pins are actually attached to strings (not sure if this makes for quicker racking or what).  I only mention this because it seemed extremely difficult to get a strike and I think this is why...I mean, we all pretty much sucked but even some drunk blind squirrels can find a few strikes once in awhile.  I did think the pitchers were a bit overpriced and is probably something they should consider adjusting along with the beer selection. 

I really did like the fried chicken and disagree with previous comments about its quality.  Not saying they couldn't have made a bad batch, but ours was excellent.  Super hot, crunchy, cooked perfectly and tasted great with the honey and hot sauce.  It was even good left over the next day.  The wings were pretty hearty and juicy as well.  It would be nice if they offered some additional snack food like popcorn or pretzels (hard or soft) and mustard for bowlers.

Overall, I think everyone had a good time.  Brooklyn Bowl offers a pretty unique experience for the strip.  The actual building itself is huge and provides a really great atmosphere, especially when the music selection in entertaining (the DJ was doing well for awhile then the genre changed and somewhat lost us).

They also feature a very enticing brunch menu which I am eager to check out.  Stay tuned I guess....
Service 5 star venue 5 star everything here is 5 star. Highly recommend it.
Weren't very hungry but really wanted to try the fried chicken .. unbelievable!  Light, crispy, must try it for yourself!
Could you hide this place any worse? The entire area sucks. Parking is a mess. Foot traffic is horrible. Connections to the monorail are a nightmare. 
The good news is that the ownership and staff are open to suggestions and are trying to improve the information about the area  
Food was decent. Service was excellent.
The Roots, Lauryn Hill, Disclosure, Local Natives, Flume, Chance, Bonobo... these are some of the artists that Brooklyn Bowl has or will welcome with open arms. 

With that being said, this place is amazing!! Diverse genres of music and an awesome venue. Go up an escalator and you're where the magic happens. Do you like to bowl, eat, and listen to music while drunk? Then this is your place. Gotta add, ordered a vodka redbull and they did not hold back on the alcohol. Brooklyn beers also available on tap.

The restaurant serves some good fried chicken from Blue Ribbon. Add some of their hot sauce or soak that ish' in honey and your set. Their fries with cheese and gravy are worth trying too but attack it immediately and eat it when hot. You can even pass on eating inside the restaurant and sit at their outdoor area overlooking Sprinkles and the High Roller. Asked our server it it'd be possible to eat at the restaurant during performance nights, she inquired, and said that it shouldn't be a problem. 21+ after 8p.

Honestly, this is probably one of the coolest venues I've been to. Good job, Vegas!
This place has FANTASTIC FOOD! Their flatbreads are enough to feed two and are just to die for. When we entered the restaurant, service was great. The hostess was very welcoming, asked if we wanted to see the menu and that sat us right away. 

The service was a tad bit slow when it came to our server. That is why I'm going to give it 4 stars. I know it's a new establishment so i'm almost confident they will fix their issues here and there. He did apologize and was SO KIND. We were very happy with his service. It is also a little tight and a little loud in there, so nothing romantic or intimate in this restaurant!
Props for the overall venue, but I grew up bowling old school style. This is a concert venue/bowling alley hybrid & I'm not sure what to make of it!
Disclaimer-
I won free bowling, concerts & comped food & drink from vegas seven. I was treated well and given a great bowling lane. We enjoyed the BLT (really good), french fries, and a few drinks. Prices are high for drinks, beer is $7-8, speciality drinks are $12. This may be on par with drink prices at other venues at the Linq, I'm just used to locals prices off the Strip
During concerts, the screens on the lanes project the show. Looking forward to returning for another night of bowling!
Located at the Linq, my new fav spot.  If you want easy parking, valet at the Linq.  Brooklyn Bowl did not disappoint.  Came here for a concert on two different occasions, The Roots and The Green and will return for Lauryn Hill.  Concert wise, this place is totally set up.  Reminds me of House of Blues but on a WHOLE different level, 100x better.  They already have concerts set up through the months so you can plan when to return here sometime soon if you are a local of Las Vegas.  

Food wise, food is pretty tasty.  Their smoked chicken is really good when they are not so drenched with sauce.  My hubby said their BLT had mad bacon and did not disappoint him.  Jumbo macaroni and cheese with the crispy cheese was yummy. 

However, what I can say was a bit disappointing, it took forever to get service from a waiter.  We had to wait long to order our food and we had to wait long getting our check.  Plus side, you get to overview the concert that is going on, big plus if you are seated in an area to view it.  

Bowling lanes, I need to get on this because it looks like a lot of fun.  So a combination of food, bowling, and drinks is awesome.  I can foresee myself becoming a regular.
I cannot say enough flattering things about this place.  The food, the atmosphere, the staff, the music, the energy, the talent they have booked... on and on and on.  I will keep this simple: you MUST go here.  Whether you love music, fried chicken, bowling or just want something new to do - this is your spot.  

For a new venue the staff is on point.  They were knowledgeable, friendly and full of suggestions on what to try.  The fried chicken was good but I was a little let down with the mac'n cheese (good but safe in flavor).  I will say, however, there were some variations on the mac that i didn't try, maybe that's what I am missing.  The cocktails are strong and relatively reasonable for the strip.  

One of the best parts of the venue is that you can hear the talent from everywhere: dinning room, bar, bowling alley and, of course, the upstairs VIP area.  The sound system is killer; clear, clean and as loud as it gets.  The upstairs VIP area has a lounge section with these cool cow skin rugs and couches.  There is also an outdoor smoking section so up there so if you're not a smoker you can enjoy the show without hacking up a lung.  I haven't tried the bowling lanes yet but you know I'll give you an update as soon as I do.

The only reason I am giving this spot four stars - their mac'n cheese needs a little flare and wine list wasn't too tasty.  I am sure these will both continue to develop over time.   Other than that, this spot is off to one hell of a memory making start!  Do yourself the pleasurous (yes I know that's a made-up word) favor and take your happy ass over to Brooklyn Bowl.  If you're not happy you went I probably won't believe you.
Saw Chance the Rapper give an amazing performance just after his 21st birthday. Great venue for any performer. Cool bowling alley, great service, fried chicken was soooo good!!!! Definitely check this place
What a shame...so much promise.

Was our last day of our honeymoon and we headed down a couple of hours before we had to leave for the airport - in search of a lovely last experience of 3 weeks spent touring California and nevada. 

All started well. Great choice of craft beers, the chicken wings rocked as a starter but then came the main. 

I realised too late that I hadn't been asked how I wanted my burger cooked and unfortunately then got the dish I expected. 

Over cooked, well done, dry, lacking depth of flavour. I LOVE my burgers and had hunted out the best on our trip. This was sadly the worst we had. Also it seemed strange that the burger listed along the lines of the ultimate bowl burger came without cheese or bacon for which you had to pay extra on the $16 or so price tag. If it's the deluxe venue burger pimp it up guys!

To top matters off my wife's chicken burger was made from chicken mince and not breast. She had one bite, said it was cold and didn't touch anymore. With such a cool venue, rock ethos, friendly staff and great beer menu we expected food to match - maybe a bad day in the kitchen but it sadly reminded us of cheap chain pub food in the uk - not fresh, lacking care and definitely a sad end to our beer and food tour that had so many highlights.
I had the chance to experience a night out at the original "Brooklyn Bowl", the one actually in Brooklyn two years ago and I was blown away by the place. So, on this trip to Vegas, when I learned that they had recently opened one here, I couldn't pass the chance to try it!

It was a great idea! I think they did a wonderful job in capturing the spirit of the original. Same kind of industrial look, same concept of open spaces with bars, restaurant and bowling alleys all open to a stage area where great bans appears nightly. The owners have such great skill at finding great bands that I don't even need to know who is going to play, I know it's going to be good and I will have a great night!

I sat at the restaurant just before the set and had a great table from where I can see the band. The food was good and tasty, the wine choice was a great match and the band was great.

After dinner, I continue to wander a bit around the see the place and enjoy the band and then realized that there is a second floor! Yes, the place is much bigger than the original one with a full  second floor (often labeled as VIP or reserved for private event). The second floor have a large opening over the part where the band is playing but have another full set of bowling lanes, a bar area and a private lounge.

The location is prime in Las Vegas just next to the Flamingo and across from the Mirage. It is located in a strip of shops called the "Linq" so you can't miss it, just head towards the largest "observation wheel" you ever saw!
Well we had a company function here today. Had fun bowling, then we wanted to get food. Went to the restaurant, only to be disappointed. Cajun fish is not Cajun, only blackened, not spicy at all. For those who can not have spicy food, do not order the Sloppy Joe, the menu says nothing but it is spicy. Did take time for the waiter to tell the manager of the problem, making it seem that I ate the sloppy joe. Not true, the sandwich comes with the bun off the sloppy joe with a pile diced spicy jalapeno on top. Took over 10 minutes for the replacement dish to come out by that time my co-workers were done with their food, so had to get it to go. 

Needless to say that we will not go there to eat. Bowling yes and it's free for locals the first hour. Great service while bowling. They just need to have better staff and a menu that is correct to show what they do feed you.
After visiting Brooklyn Bowl in Vegas, I quickly got back to my garage where I am building the laser from the 1989 Rick Moranis classic, "Honey I Shrunk The Kids." Why? I am shrinking this place, putting it in my pocket, clearing the security checkpoint in the airport, flying it to San Diego and opening it up down the street from my house. Love. This. Venue!

Here's the deal, I always like to plan reasons to visit Vegas other than simply degenerate gambling - that just comes with the territory. So, when I saw a show listed for a couple of cool bands trying to kill some time between Coachella sets, I was all over it. Do yourself a favor, scan the upcoming shows and buy a few tickets. Brooklyn Bowl really is a good enough reason to make the trip to Sin City, at least for the music lover in me. 

The restaurant is solid and definitely deserves a quick visit before the the music starts in the main room. If you're running late, don't sweat, you can hear everything loud and clear while scarfing down dinner in one of their cozy booths. We opted for the famous fried chicken and I'm sorry, Public Enemy, I believe the hype. Best I ever had? Nope, but it's damn good and I recommend ordering it. With that being said, what the hell do I know? Well let me tell you!

I know a thing or two about live music after touring with bands for 5+ years. I've seen small clubs and larger venues across the globe and can appreciate them from a totally different perspective. I can tell that Brooklyn Bowl is one of those venues that musicians get excited to play, which carries some weight. When bands are happy, they play better, longer and the crowd can genuinely feel the love. The incredible sound, the effortless set changes, the great lighting, the integrated bowling alley and numerous bars are all perks to the place and the list doesn't stop there... it's all just awesome! 

See you sooner than later, BB!
What an awesome addition to Vegas. Vegas really has nothing like this and I'm sure glad we do now. Charm C. had invited me to come here because there was a band performing and apparently you can eat and watch without having to buy a ticket. Awesome! Very fun experience I must say and the food and service were great as well. Charm C. and I shared the fried chicken dinner. Boy it was pretty good, although maybe not the best fried chicken I've ever had I certainly wouldn't mind ordering it again the next time I'm here. We also had fries and cucumbers as our sides. Fries were pretty standard shoestring fries since they were light and crisp and the cucumbers were mixed with red onion drizzled with vinegar. I really liked the fact we ordered cucumbers as second side since it was nice fresh bite between the fried food. Joanne our server was really awesome! Constantly checked up on us without being annoying, which tends to happen when you feel like your server is hoovering over you. She was also pretty personable, which can be kinda hard to carry a conversation with customers since the music is so loud, but yet she still did it! We tried eating slow so we could finish watching the concert, but it just came down to asking Joanne if it was okay to stay at our booth even if we were finished eating. She said that was fine and we "paid" for these seats. Wow, what an awesome answer, more brownie points for her! We finish our meal with the bread pudding and it was pretty good. If I had known they drizzle chocolate on top I would of asked for no chocolate because I am not a chocolate fan but it was still good none the less. I will definitely be coming here again next time there is a artist/band I like and will bring more friends with me!
A little of everything. Drinks, Bowling, Music. Yep, a locals place that is cool with tourist.
We happened to drop by on free bowling night! So we played 2 games, ordered the pork sliders, wedge salad & cupcake....LOVED it all! I've never had a couch to sit on when bowling, the server made great recommendations...we will definitely return! Sure the menu might be $$$ but we were not disappointed with flavors :)
I came in for lunch early afternoon with 7 of my associates and received laughable service. There were maybe two other tables in the entire restaurant besides our group.  It started with the waitress informing us she was unable to do separate checks (fine, but as someone in the service industry there are several ways to handle this) then she did not fill up our waters but simply dropped a pitcher and said we could do it ourselves. Also not the end of the world.... But then as our food began to come out it came out one plate at a time and over the course of ten minutes. The last person waiting had simply ordered vegetables.  Being as we were on a lunch break and had limited time, we requested our check early. Thank god we did because it took forever to get there. I wanted to give management a chance to hear about our experience before sharing our experience with all of our friends, associates, and tourists that I constantly recommend places to.  (We all work in the direct area at a bar and will not be recommending this place to anyone now) I was informed the manager on duty would be in a meeting for the next hour and was unavailable.  I would have called it even if the food was at least good.... But it wasn't. The sliders were served on hard bread and tasted bland. The fries were ok, but nothing to balance out their epically terrible service. All of this was beyond disappointing because I had heard such good things from friends. I will not even be attending concerts I wanted to see there, as I refuse to spend money at an establishment run this poorly.  Do not bother visiting Brooklyn Bowl.
Came here with a group of friends to see The Green perform.. While walking up to BB we saw a huge line of people and got worried but that was just the line for the box office.. If you had already purchased your ticket, you were able to walk straight to the entrance and head up the escalators... 

I really love the space of BB.. You are free to stand and listen to the music, get as close to the stage or as far away as you want, dance with your friends or go outside on the patio and hang out.. At one point one of my GFs and I were too drunk and wanted to sit down so we got a table in the restaurant section.. which BTW from our booth, we had a great view of the stage.. We ordered cheese fries which came out to be over $13 (a bit overpriced IMO) but service was friendly, especially the drink runner, Pons!

I will definitely be coming back to the Brooklyn Bowl and will hopefully be taking advantage of some of the bowling promotions that they do for locals~

HOT TIP: BUY YOUR TICKETS IN ADVANCE! It's cheaper and gets you in faster...
*THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE RESTAURANT ONLY, NOT THE CONCERT VENUE*


Came to eat brunch on 4/19 and catch Robert Randolph's brunch concert as well at 1p. I reserved a table and when I arrived at 12p, I was seated promptly in the corner of their bar area. I was given a menu, and looked everywhere for brunch (which is advertised on their website as available on Saturdays and Sundays), and it was nowhere to be found. I asked my waiter and he said "Oh, we don't serve brunch."

Huh....? it says on the las vegas BB website that brunch is available Saturdays and Sundays at 11a. When I told him this, he said he would go talk to someone to see. He comes back a few minutes later and says "yeah we aren't serving brunch at this time." He seemed sympathetic but not at all excited about working there, and the hostesses gave that vibe as well. The entire reason I came to eat there was for the Cinnamon Pizza advertised on their brunch menu. Why would you advertise something being available and not serve it? Especially when there's a "Brunch with...." concert the same day?? Not cool.

I was really hungry, so my friend and I decided to just order something anyways, so I got the fried catfish sandwich and a magic hat to wash it down. It was okay, but nowhere worth $15. the catfish breading wasn't seasoned at all, and the balsamic vinaigrette served with the greens was super bitter, even for my tastes. I didn't finish it all, because the sandwich fell apart and because the concert I was going to had started.

I'm willing to give this place another go around if they ever fix their brunch menu. I hate to say, but the dining experience here was a let-down.
Pretty disappointing. I was curious about what the Linq had to offer, and if this is it, I am concerned. 
We went on a Saturday night and although bowling was advertised outside, we were unable to even enter the bowling area- it looked like a group had rented it out. There was ample seating around the bars, which was nice, but the drinks were expensive and mediocre at best. In fact, the mojito crossed from mediocre to un-drinkable. For those prices I would rather go next door to Yardhouse where there is a far better drink selection, not to mention some yummy appetizers.
Dropped by to have an afternoon snack and  ordered the six piece BBQ chicken wings. Wings were dry and the BBQ sauce was too sweet like the sweet and sour sauce at McDonald's.
I don't know what to make of this place? So, I'll middle it with  4-stars and I'll update accordingly. 

I've been to BB twice, my first visit was to the bar/restaurant only during its soft opening. It's the same menu from the original BB, and the food is made by Blue Ribbon, the same Blue Ribbon that's at the Cosmopolitan. Their signature dish is their fried chicken. It was featured on Food Network's BEST THING I EVER ATE. It was good, very crunchy and flavorful. All the other dishes were forgettable, literally, I've forgotten all about them. I vaguely remember the pizzas being sub-par. They use french bread for the crust, which is cute in a kitschy way, but c'mon, this place is named BROOKLYN Bowl? I was expecting some amazing cheesy, greasy, NY-style pizza. But I digress... 

The Venue.... A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. The actual stage area is really small and intimate, it is standing room only BUT you can leave and grab a beer or food at the bar anytime! Or you can bowl! WTF? How cool is that? Too cool, because as I get older, standing with 500 other hot, sweaty bodies for 2+ hours is not my idea of fun. Needless to say the seating area gets packed. 

**Overall, I'd skip the food and go for their awesome music venue. If you feel you've imbibed too much oat soda, try their fried chicken, it's perfect drunk food.**

Their lineup of bands are not bad. The prices are a downright steal, especially if you consider how intimate the venue is. I only hope my favorite live band will come into town and play here and not at some huge arena type venue. One can only hope....

Sidenote: the bar has bottles of Absolut Brooklyn vodka adorning their shelves. But alas, it's only for decoration. Absolut Brooklyn was a limited-edition, ginger and apple flavored vodka, put out by the Absolute company in 2010. And as much as we begged, the staff would not sell it. I don't know if the server was joking, but he said a bottle would cost around $400 and they might sell it at their one-year anniversary.
I love the place. It has great ambiance very spacious, awesome service and great staff.  The food is kind of different but good.  I have been on 2 occasions so I will compile my insight into 1 review.  

The fried chicken is their signature dish, being a black man I fancy myself to know a lil about fried chicken. Stereotype intended!  The skin on the fried chicken I think is too breaded, it is almost separate from the chicken. However it is tasty but if I were to eat chicken here again it would be their wings.  Those are some of the best lil chicken wings I have ever tasted, the sauce, the smokiness are a must try.  The grilled catfish was descent, mac and cheese was alright, I really enjoyed the red beans and rice.  Their french fries are stellar. The rock and roll fries are like crack.  I ordered them with light gravy and I couldn't stop shoveling them in my mouth. Share that dish its a lot. 

Pizzas come on french bread which is cool, we ordered The Beach "pulled pork" and it was ok a little better when I used the sauce from the wings to pour on it.

My friend had shake it was good but there was no side cup, and it was $10, super overpriced.  The chocolate bread pudding is freaking fantastic I didn't care about that price of about $12 totally delicious.  

I want to comeback again and maybe try the po boy, or muffalata.  Also its cool because sometimes bowling here is free.  I have yet to see one of the shows but maybe soon.
Caught Primus and Gogol Bordello there. Awesome venue! Perfect size and an interesting layout. In between bands we grabbed a booth in the restaurant section. Quick and painless with very attentive service. Devoured a plate of Rock 'N Roll fries. Delicious! Drinks were priced well for being on the strip but the only negative would be an underwhelming beer selection. Easy to get in and out of the venue with multiple options for parking. Excited for Jane's Addiction and Fishbone next weekend!
I was excited to bring my family here. We came in to bowl an hour of fun. What happened was our waitress kept refilling our pitcher while a quarter was still there, and tried to pour it out in our glasses every chance she could. In the end she charged for every refill.. Of soda. $10 each time. I gladly tipped the hostess. Waitress said it was a weird new rule (umm, to rip off patrons?) she said it was mgts fault, so I asked for mgt. of course Ashley was in a meeting. Terrible first and last impression. Beware, for a good time skip the scam.
If is a big headliner don't bother going... I went to see Janes Addiction 5/9/2014 and what a HUGE disappointment. The stage is sunk down so those folks in the back can not see a thing- people constantly pushing and bumping you to get a better spot. I finally had to leave. I Understand this is a rock concert, I go to many, but this was the worst Venue lay-out I have ever seen. On the way out we expressed our disappointment to the manager -- he had nothing to say, just gave us a blank look and shrugged his shoulders.  Why they wouldn't raise the stage is beyond me- horrible! Don't waste your money like I did.
Ps There was lots of confusion by everyone while trying to get in the place-- it was not clear why you were standing in line ( was it to by tickets, will call or just to get in with your ticket already purchased ) Security guards were RUDE -- get some organization- it was a cluster ****!
I went to see janes addiction on sat for the late show. First of all nobody in Vegas knows where it is or how to get there. We got there at 9:30 so we figured we were ok since we thought there would be a opening band and that's all we would miss, I'll be a $2 TJ hooker, janes addiction was already on stage. The place is a f'n bowling alley WTF. Unless you get there super early or you push your way in good look seeing from the back. BS. In order to get to the ground level you need to reserve a f'n bowling lane, what a joke.  I thought this was a concert venue not a stupid bowling alley. This place is a joke to see concerts. Lame. Not a good place to see a band. The sound was surprisingly decent that's why it gets 2 stars instead of 1.
Tickets: BBLV utilizes Ticketfly for online sales. There is a service charge on orders, however, their website doesn't state how it is calculated (it was $6.93 on a $25 ticket). For delivery options, Print-at-Home and Will Call are free, standard mail is $3.50, and UPS 2nd-Day Air is $17.95. The box office is your best bet. There are no service charges and obviously, you don't have to worry about delivery. The downside: there is a credit/debit card processing fee of $3/ticket. However, if you buy your tickets with cash, there are absolutely NO fees! I can't remember the last time I was able to buy a ticket at the posted price.

Shows: The stage is located next to the bowling lanes, near the back of the property. You can actually view it from the lanes and some areas of the dining room. The space is General Admission (standing room only) with VIP sky boxes on both sides of the stage. Ruben and I visited last month for The Naked and Famous show with The 1975 and White Lies. We arrived after the posted "Doors Open at.." time, but they weren't allowing anyone to enter, so we were directed to wait on the stairs (with the line starting next to the dining area). Security was rather strict with bag searches, pat-downs, and ID checks. Some shows are 18+ or 21+, so I'm assuming a wristband meant the latter. I like the intimate space of the stage area and this particular show was really great! The sound was good and the venue in general was really cool. The screens on the bowling lanes showed live feed of the show, so it's not a bad idea to reserve a lane instead of buying a ticket. Plus, the stage is open air, so I'm sure the music can be enjoyed everywhere. I would definitely see a show here again.

I haven't had a chance to bowl or try the menu yet (I've had the Blue Ribbon chicken at their Cosmopolitan location), so I'll add it to my review in the future! Anyway, it's a great place to hang out and I love the versatility of the venue.
went here for the janes addiction concert. fun venue and great concert. only problem was entering was a little bit hectic.
One of my new favorite places in the heart of Vegas.When I first saw the wheel being constructed last year I did not get it.Upon seeing the completion of the project I'm very impressed.I love The Linq area of Vegas and also love The Brooklyn Bowl what a great place it's massive.Fried chicken is the house  specialty it looked very good.So drop by if your in the area I don't think you will be disappointed .I know that I will be going back next year!
LOL to the folks writing bad reviews about this place for Janes Addiction shows last weekend. Yeah, line to get in was slightly annoying, as doors were supposed to have opened way before we got there..but no big deal, everyone showed up around 9, no surprise there.. Really?? Didn't know what time show started..look at the tix! Doors 7 show 9, no opening band listed (and actually, Janes didnt come on til almost 9:45 Sat night).  Really, couldn't see the stage, well walk around til u find a spot that you can, not that tough. People bumping into you at a rock concert, really, wow, what a shock.  Place is great.  Reminds me a little of HOB in LA. Sound was excellent, and Janes rocked! Bartenders were quick. Upcoming lineup of bands is impressive. Haven't tried the food yet, but if its anything like Blue Ribbon in NY (same folks doing the grub as BBowl in Vegas) it will be excellent.  Great new place in the heart of the strip!
Ahhh! This place is so cool and there's nothing quite like it in the SF Bay Area!

Brooklyn Bowl is restaurant, bar, bowling alley, and music venue! My boyfriend and I were in LV for a few nights and came here for Galactic's midnight show. The sound was great and there was plenty of room for dancing. They also keep the entire place well air-conditioned so that was definitely a huge plus for me.

The best part about Brooklyn Bowl is their fried chicken. I think I talk about it at least once a week. My boyfriend and I split the 1/2 mixed order which came with mashed potatoes and collared greens (w/bacon). Everything on that plate was PHENOMENAL. The chicken is juicy, well seasoned, fried to perfection, and had just the right amount of heat. Both the sides were also really good, but the chicken was...just unbelievably good.

I can't wait to go back!
Not your classic music venue - in fact, it serves as a restaurant, bar, bowling lane, and concert venue all together. The design? Vintage-modern, if there's anything like that. 

Once you climb up the escalator to the main level, you'll step into a different world: brick-exposed walls, Ramones on the stereo, you'll feel dark and mysterious. It makes you want to get a tattoo immediately. And grow your hair. And drown a Whiskey bottle. But there's no barber nor an ink studio here. But a well equipped bar. 

With the Whiskey in my hand, I'm making my way to the general admission. Bowling lanes on the left, TV screens with ESPN on the right. Have Jane's Addiction ever played in a sports bar? 

One and a half hour later all the skepticism is gone. They turned this Brooklyn Mixed Bowl into a rock house. And Brooklyn Bowl, you delivered.
Jane's addiction 5/9/14
This place sucks and gets one star for keeping the beer cold. Unless you are right in the front of the stage you won't be able to see the band. Who the F@CK designed this place. It's the worst layout for a "concert" venue I've been to. Unless you're over 6'0 don't even bother. I'm 6'0 and had a hard time seeing the band. WTF??

To the GM:
The bartenders are skimming. I was charged different prices for mixed drinks all night and bar staff take change automatically for tips. My total was $18 and I handed the bartender a $20 which he took to the register and walked away. I had to track him down and ask for my change. He looked pissed and tossed it at me and did not even say anything. Guess what, he just lost $2 cause I was going to tip him $2 had he given me change in the first place. 
As a service industry professional I was shocked by this!!

I will never return to this venue. As a local, this bummed me out. I do not recommend this venue at all!! But if u must go, drink before you go. They will rip you off. They love dopey drunk tourists!!
One of my fave places to hang out whether its listening to live music, having a few drinks or eating. LOVE!! Their fried chicken, egg shooters, smoked chicken wings and mac and cheese! Wish their salad selection was better but I don't mind because the chicken and mac and cheese makes up for it! The staff are also cool there, however, I think they need more servers to assist the restaurant because the wait to order could be an issue. I've already seen a handful of artist perform here at the Vegas Brooklyn Bowl (The Roots, The Green, Robert Randolph and most recently Lauren Hill) and hope to see more awesome artist on their upcoming line up. I'm definitely a fan! :)
Went here for the free show on Thursday night. It's a really nice venue. I had the pork sliders for dinner, they were just ok, nice fresh buns but the pork was lacking a little in the flavor department. Fair price of $8 for 3.

The music shows were a lot of fun. Rhyme N Rhythm was fun, got you dancing, Coco plays a mean bass guitar, and Moksha was really great. They played at least 2 1/2 hours, great jam.
My legs are sore this morning from dancing all night. I really liked that the sound levels didn't blast you out of the building.Drinks were $12 for vodka/cran. 

Overall a great night out....nothing like free entertainment in Vegas!
This place is jammed pack. Very busy with like a million things going on at once. Came here for the lauryn hill show. It seems as though if you were already here bowling you didn't have to buy a ticket as you can watch the show while you bowl.  That's $70 I could have possibly saved? And I was kinda bummed there was no sitting areas to view the show -_- everything was a big cluster f---. They need to find a way to better manage the concert area. 

For the show itself, her performances were great I liked that she remixed all the songs. Almost a 2 hr intermission from the opening act was ridiculous!!! she performed for about one hr and then left the stage and i left the venue. IDK if the concert was over then or not.  

I would return here to bowl and try the food.
I can't express how much I love this place! I only wish that you could do separate reviews for concert and restaurant?

I came here the other night for the Lauryn Hill concert. My friends aren't huge fans so dishing out $70 a ticket was a bit too much. Instead, we decided to dine in the restaurant and listen to her singing in the background. There was a 1+ hour wait for a table when we first got there. Not a big deal. I left my number with the hostess and she said she would text me when the table was ready. 15 minutes later, I got a text so we rushed back! It was just in time too because the opening act was finishing up and ms hill was set to go on stage. 

We ordered our beers and fried chicken. It was delicious! Go for the dark meat. So juicy and crispy. The only thing that sucked was that we had to wait a loooong time for the honey and ranch to come out. They were busy though so I don't really mind. 

The waiters and servers are awesome. My friend accidentally tipped her half empty beer over and spilled a bit of it on the table. Our main server brought us out an extra filled beer for free. Super nice of him! 

I love Brooklyn Bowl! Free concert while grubbin on some good food and beer!
This place might be known as the hot new concert venue, but it shouldn't be overlooked for its food. With a menu from the Bromberg brothers of Blue Ribbon fame, their fried chicken has garnered much praise. The mixed fried chicken dinner might be pricey (at least for lunch) but it didn't disappoint. Consisting of half a chicken -- one breast, wing, thigh, and drumstick -- it's plenty filling for almost any hungry diner. Plus it comes with mashed potatoes and collard greens. You'd be hard pressed to find an exterior as delicately crispy, crunchy, and flavorful as the one coating this fried chicken. Along with meat that was juicy and tender, it was by far the best fried chicken I've had in town.
I decided to take a stroll around The Linq tonight to check out some of the new restaurants and shops that have popped up in the last month. I stopped into Brooklyn Bowl to grab a bite to eat and was totally impressed! The staff was super friendly (bartender Paul is super hot!) and the food was great! I had the Chicken Muffuletta sandwich with a side of mixed greens. The greens were lightly dressed and the sandwich was absolute perfection. There's an olive spread on the sandwich that bring just the right amount of salt to the meal. Delish! I'll definitely be back!
Unfortunately I had the worst customer service experience I have had in a really long time. I had to repeatedly ask for drink orders. My friend asked twice to place an order and the order got ignored. We tried to ask another waiter but when asked he said that we had to place it with our waiter and e was going to go get him. Twice we did this the waiter never came. TWO hours later we never got our drinks!!!

It was honestly the worst case of just not giving a F&#k by the employees there. 


The only reason this place deserves a one star is because the food we had was good, even though ordering the food was also quite a challenge.
I wish Brooklyn Bowl deserved a better rating from me, because in all honesty the idea of it is amazing! However, the service here completely killed the great rating it should have gotten, and instead got a measly 2 stars. 

The first I went to BB was during the first couple of weeks of it's opening. I had gone for a work event and concert, was upstairs in the "VIP" section so I thought the service should've been on top of its game, but it wasn't. Bowling was complimentary, so my party and I picked a lane and looked for our assigned server to assist with getting it started. I had to ask 3 different people, all of which told me they would inform my server to come and help. 45 mins later and no one had showed up to help yet, however, parties in the lanes surrounding us had all been helped (they must have had more attentive servers) Where the hell was our help!? Finally, I saw what seemed to be a manager and asked for help, and then finally some unaware jerk in red came to assist.

---

The next time I visited was for bowling only. At least this time we were sent up just fine, however forget about trying to get a food/drink order in this place. My friend had placed a drink order twice with our assigned server, which he blatantly ignored and walked away. Finally I had gotten an order in as I saw him taking another persons order, so I had to interrupt and add my order to theirs. After that round of drinks were gone, we tried to find the server again, but it seemed as though he decided to not check up on our lane. I had to ask 3 other servers who walked by to place an order, all which told me they would find my assigned waiter and relay the message. Holy geez, this guy never showed up... for the rest of the freakin' night. I saw him, but he was too busy chatting with the ladies in the lane next to us, instead of doing his job and serving people. 

Come on BB management. Get your employees on track. 

The only reason it got 2 stars and not 1 was because the food is delicious, but I'm sure that had nothing to do with the lazy servers I've dealt with thus far.
Just saw the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Brooklyn Bowl. Wow!! What an unbelievable place to see a concert. We went early to grab some food before the show. Very cool sorta comfort food/bar food. I was boring and ordered a burger and my brother ordered the BBQ pork Sliders. Service was fast and friendly and the food was excellent. If you are a local you have to check this place out. I know that most locals want to avoid the strip most of the time but this is worth your time. All of the bowling lanes are situated right next to the stage and the floor where the concerts are so you can be bowling and enjoy a concert(we didn't bowl this time but we will next time).  The venue is small, probably would hold 2500 max and the floor is set up with no seating so you can wander right up to the stage if you want. It is hard to explain how cool this place is, I really hope it makes it here. Ticket prices are totally reasonable, I ordered my tickets online and paid $35 each( I saw them last year at the Hard Rock for three times that price and not that great of seats).  I will go back every chance I get.
Positively awesome.  If you could take House of Blues and mix it with a bowling alley, put some great food with a cool bar, then sprinkle cabana-like service you would get it.  

This place is really cool.  Like really super cool. I went here with my family just after noon and I couldn't believe how fun it was. It is very kid friendly right after opening at noon, but I would think this would change around 4pm as the atmosphere must be truly adult-like (as it should  be).  

Our service was spot-on, and that is what made the experience great.  It felt just like cabana service at the major Strip resorts - but at a bowling alley. It took my brain a few minutes to wrap around that concept.  

I can't wait to see a show here. I missed Cake. Grrrr.

I really like this place. We will see how things go on the next visit.
Went for a show 5/30 great sound at a very cool venue.  Bought giant beers outside at their beer stand.  Place is a lot larger than I thought it would be.  Not much seating in concert area, seems to be a lot of empty space.  Will try it again.
Awesome concept. We came in for a late lunch- everything was good, my fave by far is the corn- spicy & delicious.  Avoid the kids pizza.
The fried chicken is amazing! So are the fries...and the corn...and the pizza lol 
We haven't been bowling yet but they have great food and it's huge!
I came here for the fried chicken and was not disappointed.

When I first walked in, I thought holy cow, the dining area is tiny.  I was wrong.  The BAR area is tiny, but you can also dine outside, in the other bar area, and in the lounge.  

I originally went on opentable to book a reservation and was bummed to see the earliest was 8:00.  We had just arrived at Vegas and I was so hungry, so I called to see if they could take us earlier at 6:00.  They could! (Score!).

We walked in and the place was EMPTY.  Duh.. most people don't eat at old people time in Vegas.  8:00 was probably the first time slot for normal people, ha ha.  We had a quaint table in the corner and Kelcie was our server.  She was such a fun gal, and we chatted with her about the food, the city and the restaurant.  

Stephen and I shared the Rock n Roll fries which reminded me of a poutine: fries covered in gravy and cheese and spices.  The fries were not spicy at all, and I would suggest asking for MORE gravy, as it barely had any.  Still a great dish!

We then shared the "Mixed" fried chicken dinner which is a 1/2 chicken, mashed potatoes and collared greens with bacon.  Stephen LOVED the collared greens and splittlng the plate was the perfect solution.  The chicken wasn't greasy and the matzo coating made it light and crunchy.  The habanero carrot sauce had a strong kick, but the honey drizzled on the chicken balanced it.

Dinner came to $40something with 2 drinks, and best of all, it was "comp'd" because I used my total rewards points to pay for it.

SCORE!
Freaking fantastic ambiance! Such a fun, rustic venue. We saw a show last Saturday night and it didn't disappoint. They could use a few more tables around the bowling check in center but other than that, this is a really sweet new spot in Vegas. We are planning to check out the lineup next year and visit when a favorite artist rolls in to town. Highly recommend stopping by this place for a drink, bowling or food. The menu looked great.
It's located in The Linq right before the High Roller Wheel; next to Sprinkles Cupcakes. Some of my favs from the Brooklyn Bowl Las Vegas menu are the Fried Calamari, The Greek French Bread Pizza, Chicken Muffuletta, and the famous Rock And Roll Fries. It's an amazing standing music venue, restaurant, and bowling alley. Where else can you experience all three experiences all together. It's also great place just to hangout with friends on a normal night out and grab a beer on tap.
Great concept. Poor execution. Very overpriced. The place looks great.The staff really doesn't seem to know what is going on. We went to see a show and for months they couldnt tell me about renting a lane. We did a VIP Meet & Greet and they didn't know the time or where it would be held hours prior to the show starting. When they did figure it out, they had us hanging outside in 100+ degree heat for about an hour with no shade. The sound isn't that great and $12 for a shot of fireball? $750 to rent a lane for a show? On a positive note: the food was really good! I would stop by to eat and have a few cocktails, but I wouldn't bother seeing a concert here.
Came here for The Naked & Famous and the 1975 show back in May and let me say that this place is probably my new favorite venue.

Me & my friends got bored as shit during the 1975 so we decided to eat at the little restaurant right there by the bowling alley. You don't get a freaking restaurant with a view of the stage in many or any venue! I had a blast at this venue. If I had paid probably a ridiculous amount for an upgraded ticket I could have even probably reserve a bowling alley and they even have screens on above the pin showing the concert even though the stage was right there. And bars, bars at every corner. 

Man I had a great experience here. Awesome performance by the Naked & Famous. Ate these bomb ass "Rock n' Roll" French fries. Idk if I was just hungry as shit but those fries would be enough for me to come back even if there wasn't a concert haha. That lime margarita I had wasn't too bad either. 

Security was a little bish though but hey that's expected at concerts. Other than that I really hope more of my favorite hipsterobscurebandsthatnoonesevenheardoflolwtf play at this venue because I can't stand the House of Blues anymore or the Joint. 

And don't forgot to get ice cream next door after the show. Such a great vibe at this place.
Good place for family fun, during the hot Vegas days, after 6-9 adults only.. food is good, bowling is great
Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.

SUMMARY:  This restaurant can be summed up with a simple statement: interesting concept, horrible execution.  
Save your money.  There are tons of wonderful restaurants & interesting eateries in Las Vegas.  With such strong competition, you don't need to waste your time in a place like Brooklyn Bowl--the food is reasonably tasty, but not worth the absolutely horrible service.  This is not the kind of restaurant you want to take your family to espescially if you have small kids--it's amazingly loud, and you will have to shout somewhat to talk to one another.  The ONLY reason I didn't give this place 1 star: the manager who at least attempted to salvage the situation.

My brother-in-law serves in the Navy in Marlyand.  His wife is temporarily living in Las Vegas with thier 7-month-old daughter so she can finish the internship requirement of her photography degree.  As a surprise birthday present to his wife, my in-laws arranged to have their son flown in for a little less than a week so they can spend time together.  When she walked onto the High Roller, she had no idea that her husband would be arriving to surprise her; it was a wonderful time on the 30-minute ride with her husband, daughter, mother, father-in-law, mother-in-law, sister-in-law (my wife), niece (my 3-week-old daughter) and me.  After our fun ride, we had a 7 PM reservation for a meal at Brooklyn Bowl.  Or so we thought.

Upon our arrival, the two very rude hostesses kept asserting that they didn't have our reservation, despite the printed reservaton confirmation we provided.  Frankly, I don't care whether The Linq concierge failed to transmit the reservation to Brooklyn Bowl or whether someone at Brooklyn Bowl failed to input the reservation into their system.  I don't care whose fault it is because I know one absolute thing--IT ISN'T OUR FAULT.  After pressing the issue with the manager and Concierge for over 15 minutes, the seven of us (a friend joined us after the ride on the High Roller) with two chidren in tow were finally crammed into one booth.  I asked if we could be seated at the vacant table next to us, but the hostess said it was reserved for another party.  Then she rudely added, "Just like the table we're giving to your party."  I felt like defending our position as their customers (who had placed a reservation, confirmed by our printout), but I figured, why fight with someone who barely makes more than minimum wage?  I've got better things to do & accomplish in life.

I hoped that our waiter would finally provide a semblance of good service.  To be completely honest, he was accommodating and friendly.  However, at best, the wait staff were quite absent-minded.  Food orders arrived incomplete.  Drinks took quite a while to be refilled.  (It's 100 degrees outside, the food is very salty and the glasses aren't very large... safe to say, a waiter's got to work to keep those glasses filled!)  The food was average; I ordered the fried chicken dinner, and while it was reasonably tasty, the chicken was overcooked so the coating tasted slightly burned.  

The manager was kind enough to provide our party with desserts on the house for the oversight  & trouble regarding our reservation, and the poor service we received before being seated.  I thought, "Now THIS guy knows how to treat a customer... that must be one reason why he's a manager."  We ordered desserts to go, since the kids started to get fussy.  When they arrived, we found that we were missing some desserts.  Wow, even the "apology" dessert order couldn't be fulfilled properly.  Like I said before, nice concept/idea... horrible execution.  

There's much more I could explain about the horrible service we received, what I witnessed at the tables around us & what those diners were saying about their waiter(s) and the poor service I witnessed being given by the hostess to other potential diners (some who were unfortunate enough to not have a reservation and were rudely told off).  Frankly, I'm tired of writing.  But take my word for this, poor service is a strong theme in this place, even on a night that wasn't particularly busy.
Very cool venue that tries to replicate the warehouses of Brooklyn.  Love the attention to detail of the space (brick, concrete, pipes).  Saw Brown Sabbath here on a Friday night and there was no cover.  Drinks are a bit pricey but hey I didn't pay to get in so who's complaining.  We didn't eat in the restaurant but would be a cool place to get dinner before a show.  There are a few bowling lanes to the left of the stage and the whole place has a great ambiance.  Would definitely hit it up again if there was a good show happening or for a round of bowling.
my boyfriend and i were passing through vegas for a couple days and saw that tedeschi trucks was playing with soulive at the brooklyn bowl. we knew if tickets were affordable, we had to go. we bought the tickets 2 days before and couldn't wait.
finding the place was only slightly difficult, as it's in a plaza, off of the street. kind of hidden from the main drag. we decided to eat first. my boyfriend had gone to the real brooklyn bowl before and told me tales of how delicious their fried chicken is. he wasn't lying. it was easily the best fried chicken i ever had. comes with 2 slices of buttered toast as well. the only problem: the smallest portion you can get is 8 pieces. unless you're starving or a really big eater, that's too much for one person. and if you came for a concert, chances are, you don't want to carry your leftovers with you. we split the chicken and i also got the mac n cheese. the mac was delicious as well, but again, way too big of a portion. i was disappointed we couldn't eat more because the food was on the expensive side.
after eating, we moved into the actual concert section. big floor, 2 bars, and a few hightop tables and stools to sit at. good music venue, you pretty much have a good view from every spot.
Great venue for music, food, oh and bowling..try the fried chicken at the restaurant! The batter is so good and chicken so tender. lots of room and places to hang out in there (indoor and outdoor seating).
I have gone to the OG Brooklyn Bowl several times and when this opened up a few months ago, I knew my summer was going to be filled with awesome live music.

Saw Bonobo a few weeks and it was quite the amazing show. Everyone vibing! If Bonobo stops in your town this fall, you must go see him!

Heading out tonight to see Thievery Corporation and maybe get my fingers dirty with some fried chicken.

Have a great summer Yelpers!
Recently saw Thievery Corporation here!! It was fantastic! You can easily see the stage anywhere you stand. Very intimate, great 'good old American' food (which isn't always my first choice), excellent sound, lights, atmosphere, staff and crowed. Oh and the Linq shopping area is very nice! Loved my entire experience! Will be back soon!
Went to see Thievery Corporation 6/10. Nice venue with ample space and ease of access to bar areas.  The sound system was A+.  Prices for drinks were on par with The Strip.  All staff were friendly and helpful. Nice balcony area for smokers overlooking The Linq.  Bathrooms were tidy and equipped with an attendant who supplied a nice array of toiletries.  

Brooklyn Bowl would get five stars if they provided more seating and tables in the venue area because, there's literally four tiny bar height tables each equipped with 2-4 seats. Besides these and the two bars, there are no other places to sit or sit your drink down (unless you rent a bowling lane).
I wasn't impressed with the food. I ordered the hamburger, which was overcooked and flavorless. These days there are a lot of great burgers out there and if I'm going to pay $16 for one, I expect it to be GOOD. That being said, it's a cool environment with live music and fun vibe.
Went to the Brooklyn Bowl for the first time Friday night to see Steve Winwood perform.A nice intimate venue, not crazy like some music venues get.They really should set up seating on the main stage floor.There is also a bowling venue adjacent so you could hear the band play and watch it on screens that sat above the lanes.You can eat, drink and have a great time at the Brooklyn Bowl.Oh...Steve Winwood was awesome!
I truly love the whole new area that is "the Linq" on the Strip, and Brooklyn Bowl is no exception to the awesomeness.

This modern day bowling alley/concert venue/restaurant/dancehall/anything else you want to imagine it to be is so impressive looking with a hip and fresh vibe that says, "Welcome to cool." It really felt like I stepped into Brooklyn Bowl on Wythe avenue in New York, but with the comfort of knowing you're still out west where the weather is best.

I especially appreciate that you can watch all the action on the stage while you're knocking down 10 pins and knocking back some cocktails, but my visit here was to see the O.A.R. concert. 

The acoustics were impressive, and I like the fact that you can get pretty close to the stage while you rock it with the band. It looks like Brooklyn bowl will continue to host some impressive musical guests, but the next time I come back I want to try out the lanes and the food.

Keep up the good work,  Brooklyn Bowl!
Stopped by for dinner, food was okay but wayy over priced, and i cant get over the bad service to even be able to give this place a review. Especially with the number of employees just standing round looking at each other. 

Definitely had a cool vibe/concept and will try the bowling alley and the venue and re review... but idk if it can redeem itself for me.
Haven't tried the food yet but ordered 45 min ago.. No matter how good the good is. Which is French fries and fried chix. The wait is crazy ridiculous.. I'm a cook fries and chix doesn't take this long especially when there is only 5 tables here.  GO TO YARD HOUSE ITS BETTER.
Went here to see PRIMUS in concert. This place attracts all types of music genres, thus attracting all types of people. The set up is awesome. Bars aplenty, with hip lighting, and an old carnival feel. The acoustics are great, the layout is fun. During intermission, my sister and I had a bathroom break and didn't have a problem finding a table at one of the restaurant/bar areas (the area directly to your right as you come up off the escalator). The best part was that PRIMUS seemed to have an ongoing 'cartoon' playing during their intermission, and we didn't miss a thing since we watched from the many TVs set up in the eating area. Definitely looking forward to going back to bowl, and partaking in some of the delicious looking menu items. 

Prime location, in the heart of the Linq. Prime people watching. Prime sounds. Prime eats. (using the word PRIME a lot, as to tie in the band I was at Brooklyn Bowl for-PRIMus.) Sometimes I'm just like that. =)

Can't wait to go back!
REVIEW FOR RESTAURANT ONLY:

finishing up lunch right now. service was a little on the slow side, maybe because it's tuesday lunchtime? there seems to be enough people walking around (we checked in at three separate hostess stands, for crying out loud), but there was no sense of urgency in getting water to the table or taking orders or checking in on us... either way, the food was worth the wait!

hummus appetizer was pretty good - wish it came with crudits, too, but the pita bread triangles were fine. the half chicken dinner (mix of white and dark meat, 4 pieces total) was fantastic!!! meat was hot and juicy, the breading was crispy and peppery, and the hot sauce and honey pulled all the flavors together nicely. we subbed the mashed potatoes and collard greens for fries and pickled cucumbers - both were just ok. 

the fried chicken was the main reason we stopped in anyway, but the blt we ordered to round out our meal stole the spotlight. yes, a blt! i was skeptical at first: $14 for a sandwich and side salad? but that thing had bacon piled high and falling off the plate! must've been at least a dozen slices. simple side salad was just that - nothing too fancy, just heaps of greens in a simple vinaigrette, which helped to balance out the spicy, fried stuff. YUM. 

for our three-year-old (who, incidentally, closed our meal with a completely out-of-character tantrum - maybe vegas is too much for him?), we ordered the seared salmon and red rice/beans. he doesn't eat your typical crap "kid's food," so we appreciated that brooklyn bowl's kids menu had actual food on it. for $9.75, the seared salmon filet was a great value and easily could've fed an adult. we split a chocolate frosted cupcake, too, which was just the right amount of creamy sweetness.

an appe, two entres, a kid's meal, and dessert for the three of us was $60 before tip. not bad, not bad at all for eating on the strip!!! definitely glad we stopped by today. hopefully the service gets better.
I'll give BB 4 stars. My wife and I just saw Thievery Corporation there and it was a really great show. Obviously, most of the credit for that would have to go to the band but even so, I think the venue held up it's part of the deal quite well. 
The sound was pretty good, but some of the vocals were mixed a little too low to really hear. That being said, I was both surprised and relieved that I never once heard any noise from the adjacent bowling lanes. The main floor is flat, but sunken, and there's plenty of space in the back and on the sides, which I imagine offer pretty decent, unobstructed views (not certain though. we were in the front). For the most part, I really dig the set-up and I continue to be impressed with the number of quality shows they're booking. There are already a few show that I plan on seeing there, so I imagine I'll be coming back fairly frequently.

The food: 
We had some time before the show and were both starving, so we decided to try their famous fried chicken. It was really good. Crispy, juicy and cooked to order, it wasn't (by any means) the best fried chicken I've ever eaten, but I'd definitely order it again. They offer honey and a habanero buffalo sauce, and I recommend trying a bit of both. They really set the chicken off. Beyond that, the mashed potatoes were good, but nothing special, and the collard greens were pretty good, but a little dry (or maybe "not wet enough" is more accurate). With our dinner, we each tried one of their drafts (Brooklyn Brown?), and it was quite tasty.
The whole meal, while good, was a bit too expensive for what it was, though. So, in all honesty, I don't see us coming back for food all that often. 

That's it, I suppose. 
It's a really nice place to see a concert, but if you aren't careful, it could end up being a really expensive night.
This place is awesome!!  So much fun for both adults and kids. The atmosphere is incredible there's so much to do and see plus the food is great!
Best place to watch a concert in Vegas... by far! Food and customer service was exceptional!
They've captured the highlights of Brooklyn with this venue. It also seems like the corrected the flaws of local venues to produce one helluva place to catch a show. Awesome set up, TV's are everywhere so you don't miss a thing. Only complaint is the line at the main bar moves a bit slow. I always wish venues would offer a beer line only, but they never do...

We saw Soja, it was a Tuesday night show, but the floor filled quickly after the opening act. We saw the opportunity for our group to upgrade to the VIP booths upstairs when we noticed availability prior to show time. We negotiated a fair price (if we didn't meet our food/beverage minimum, we could've moved to the bowling lanes after the show until we met it - I thought that was nice); got our bracelets and took over booth and then bellied up to rail once Soja took the stage. Service was attentive. We couldn't get enough of the Drunken Palmers. Great show, venue and good time!
This place is a rip off. A scam. If you're local, don't even bother. It's one of those places that is set up to rip off tourists. It's 25 bucks for a half hour of bowling plus 5 bucks per person for shoes. What they don't tell you is, your 30 minutes starts the second you leave the counter...so pretty much by the time you get your shoes on and type your names in...your 30 minutes is now 15- 20 minutes of actual bowl time. They also brought us the wrong size shoe so waiting for that also cut into our time. (They deliver the shoes to your lane) Add their ridiculous food prices on top of that and forget it. Then the waitress has the nerve to tell us that normally you get free bowling if you buy food "but just not today". Wtf? I'm am such a low maintenance person and it really takes a lot to get me to the point where I say, "I'm never going back" but I'm not. Ever. And I want my money back.
Fun bowling venue! Good for groups and parties. Food is delish and unlike other places, it has couches!
I really like Brooklyn Bowl.  Any place that's open in the late night hours till 2am for great food, live music, and bowling is an instant fave for me.

First things first, you can not leave Brooklyn Bowl without trying the Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken.  It is ridiculously delicious!!

Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken --  http://bit.ly/1njeypC
1/2 Fried Chicken served with White Toast, Mashed Potatoes, Collard Greens with Bacon and Honey
I ordered the Mixed dinner which comes with drumstick, breast, thigh, and wing.  It doesn't get any better than Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken.  This was so good, especially at 1am in the morning!  Believe the hype!  The chicken was perfectly fried, crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside with a ton of flavor!  Try  them with habenero sauce and honey for maximum yum effect!  I totally doused my chicken with all that.  This was probably one of the best Fried Chicken I've ever ate.

Of course, the menu at Brooklyn Bowl is so extensive, I came back a couple nights later because I was really curious about their French Bread Pizzas.

The Theresa -- http://bit.ly/1nrpaD8
Mushrooms, Butternut Squash, and Roasted Garlic.
This French Bread Pizza was pretty impressive! It came loaded with mushrooms and squash and tasted really good!   Definitely not the Stouffers pizza that you grew up with.   I really underestimated this pizza because I was stuffed halfway through and boxed up the rest to take to my room.  Probably better to share with a group, but if you're really hungry, it should fit the bill nicely.  Next time I'm probably going to try the Classic or San Gennaro.

I haven't been to the original Brooklyn Bowl in Brooklyn so I can't really compare the two or say how closely it resembles it, but it's definitely a must-see spot on the Strip.  I will be back again to maybe go for a couple rounds of bowling, check out what concert is happening, and definitely to try the rest of their menu, and of course, more Fried Chicken!!
This place is top notch.  The food, wine and atmosphere.  It's a fun place,  the service is amazing.  It's a well ran place I just wish it was up in Summerlin
Came here for a few beers and sat at a cute little girls table named Alexandria. Great Service, Great atmosphere! Def coming back to bowl next time
Love this place. Going during the day is fun for the whole family. My 6 year old loves it. They have a desk for locals make sure to ask for it. The couches are cool and comfy. They also have a huge restaraunt and it looks very cool for a music venue. Can't wait to see a show. 

The fried chicken is delicious as well as the Stella cider.
It's fun to be at this yelp event, I have to come back when there's no event. We got to bowl 2 games while the party was full on!
I did come back the next day because I won Life is Beautiful lineup party tickets!  When it is not a special event things are similar but you have to pay for everything.  We ate while the stage area was full on action and we watched on TV screens.  This was a great option for 2 hunger people that needed to sit instead of smashed in a crowd. I will post photos of food,  it was good, large portions and worth price.  It was great to see they have many A grades from the Department of Health, they proudly post for all to see!
This was my first and only visit to the Brooklyn bowl. I loved the ambiance of the business but the bowling is what ruined my night. When there's a live concert there's a $100 minimum fee for the bowling which is so dumb. Then we waited until the concert was over so we only had to pay $25/per half hour (still not worth it) and they add food and drinks onto the one bill and charge for everything. Socks. Food. And unless you're playing they won't let you in so they wouldn't let our friends in. Most expensive bowling game I've ever had. $390 without tip. Also the service at the Lanes was slow. My friend asked the server what beers were on draft and he replied, "it's on the menu." Simply, they weren't friendly and over charged for everything! Never again Brooklyn bowl.
The food and the service were excellent.  I had reservations and arrived about ten minutes early, the hostess seated us right away.  Drinks and appetizers were quick and delicious.   The place was gearing up for a live band, most every weekend, and the crowd was lively.
This is a multipurpose space (dining, bowling, and musical entertainment), but having seen it featured years ago for it's fried chicken I was clearly there for the grub. Being a fried chicken connoisseur, I know how to tell what's sufficient, adequate, and optimal. This fried chicken battered in matzo and seasoned with some kind of magic dust is a first ballot hall of famer.

The crunch is one to remember. Matzo gives it a unique taste and texture you're likely not to have experienced. The seasoning is whimsical. Flavorful, but not overwhelming. Spiced, but not hot. However you decide to order just plan to for everyone to have at least two pieces. We ended up with 16 after initially ordering 8.

Here's what took this place to a five: Buttermilk pancakes. Yes, that good and I don't even like pancakes. First off, it can feed a small family of four or two hungry versions of myself. Yup, couldn't finish it. Maybe in my college years I could have done it. The pancake had crunch on the outside yet remained extremely fluffy in the inside. I've never had a perfect pancake and if I ever had to declare one to be flawless I'd put house money and my life savings on this recipe.

My suggestion is that share it so you can enjoy at least two pieces of chicken :)

This place is en route to the high roller so if you plan on going on that attraction I suggest you eat here after in case you get motion sickness.
As a local, this place is a RIP OFF! All tourists are getting scammed! First of all, the venue is set up poorly so that you can't see anything and you waste your time and money buying drinks that are hot, over priced and water down! Our experience started by ordering a few rounds, every time we got up to dance and let our new drinks covered on the table, the waiters would come remove them. This happened 3 times and at that point we had spent over $200 alone on alcohol. If you are a local you are getting charged 350% more for a beer that is shittier than any other place off the strip. It is a good concept however, poor management, business designed to rip off tourists/ customers in general and worst of all the Operations Manager Mike Kaupoe could care less that we were dissatisfied. I wouldn't even give this place any stars because when we asked for our money back, we were just given managers card with comped drinks that we will never get because we will NEVER GO BACK! OVERALL TERRIBLE FIRST/LAST EXPERIENCE! Have fun getting ripped off!
Rolling Stone magazine may call this place "one of the most incredible places on earth", but the fascination goes down when you actually have to pay for the experience. In theory, it's an amazing mix of bowling alley, music venue, bar, and restaurant, with separate areas for each and even a patio overlooking the hoppin' Linq area.

Amelinda's review thoroughly details the pricing difficulty with their musical acts- the only way to get the advertised price and avoid miscellaneous fees is to order in person at the box office with cash. But no local wants to go to the Strip just to make a purchase unless they work nearby. 

I'm not a huge bowling fan, but it's a great place to do so- but a group of 6 took about 45 minutes for a single game, and at like $30/half hour not including shoe rentals, that's pretty steep. Best advice would be to include the sock/shoe fees in the lane rental for what they're asking, or bring it down about $10. I'd understand increased pricing during concerts due to demand, but going on a weekday evening the place was dead.

And now for their food. You're on the Strip, so it's ridiculously priced. Variety is good, with some unique  appetizers including knishes and a smoked fish plate! But their "famous" fried chicken was too salty for me to enjoy and simply did not stand out or wow me in any way- maybe you have to be drunk or from some place other than the south.

Maybe I'm a cheapskate but it's not worth dropping $100 for a couple to enjoy for date night. Props for being a one-stop shop for it all, but music would be the only thing to bring me back here specifically.
Second time through BB took a step back.  Stopped in on a Sunday night just for some dinner and we almost had the place to ourselves.  We talked up the place to some friends from out of town and said we should try it for dinner...which was also a bummer when the full experience didn't deliver.  I'd the staff out numbered the patrons in the dining room, but that's their problem not mine.

The real bummer came with the service.  You'd figure with such a lack of diners, it wouldn't take as long as it did to get our entrees and the check, but it did.  Infrequent visits from our waiter to refill drinks didn't help matters either.  All in all the food (fried chicken and wings) were still good and we will probably come back for a concert at some point.
One of the best venues I have been to in this city. Great atmosphere, the music sounds phenomenal inside, and on top of that, the food is amazing. A friend and I split the BBQ Pork Sliders, and man were they tasty!

So far I have seen The Roots and Primus here. Next up is Wu Tang... for the children :)
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(171/365) "Finger Lickin' Good!"

So we returned to Brooklyn Bowl  the day after our Nerdy Bowling event for the Life is Beautiful Line up concert and party. Its a cool spot to hang out, get your suds and strikes on, listen to some live music, and of course, get some tasty grindage here!

We had an assortment of tasty bites the night before, so while we were waiting for the concert to start, we got a spot right up at the bar. Everyone from the Hostess to the bartenders were awesome from start to finish. We split the Chicken Dinner ($18.99, all dark) and I'm glad we did because the portions were generous! 4 pieces of chicken on white toast, collard greens, and mashed potatoes and gravy. Ever since Kathy's shut its doors, Brooklyn Bowl is one of my top 3 fried chicken spots.

The concert had started and a local rapper was featured and he was pretty good. The "surprise guest" turned out to be Girl Talk, which I had no idea was a DJ/EDM music dude, or whatever genre you wanna call it. It was cool, just not my scene. Looking forward to possibly seeing a show in the future.  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
First visited Brooklyn Bowl for Elvis Costello and the Roots. I was amazed by this  venue. I've been a concert goer in Las Vegas since high school and the music scene has grown exponentially over the last couple of years. I love that Brooklyn Bowl supports local artists and musicians on top of bringing some alt and top bands to the Strip. 

It's all a bit pricey, but where else can I say I've bowled with Elvis Costello playing live on my bowling screen and behind me? Gather your friends and split a lane. Eat french bread pizza and knock back beers. It's a huge venue with lots of intimate corners. I love the old-timey amusement park feel to it all. 

This venue is exactly what Las Vegas needs!
As a regular bowler and have visited the actual Brooklyn location, I found this location to be a complete let down. $30 for a half hour of bowling and a band rehearsal or sound check while bowling isn't the best ideal way to spend $30. The actually place is cool but wouldn't recommend bowling here at all.
Ok, so I have a love/hate relationship with this place. 
First the good and why I love BB. I love the whole concept of this place, the decor, the layout, and the multiple forms of entertainment. BB is one of my favorite music venues in town, tickets are relatively cheap, and they support lesser known bands that most vegas venues wouldn't feature. They serve Brooklyn Brewery on tap (an awesome domestic brewery) and the fried chicken is bomb!
Now the bad and why I don't like BB. $30 for a pitcher????? I get it, it's on the strip, but come on! The bowling lanes are fun and have a very hip decor, however the lanes are shorter than average lanes and the pins are attached to strings which don't allow the pins to fall over as easily as regular lanes. Lastly, during the day when they are setting up for a band later that night, all the sound checks and instrument checks get pretty annoying when you're trying to have a good time bowling. 
Other than going to concerts and eating, I probably won't be coming here much.
The brand new "Brooklyn Bowl" in the new "Linq" area of Vegas (behind Harrah's) is both amazing and a disappointment:

Food - 5 stars. Some of the menu options are ridiculously pricey, ie: 8 pieces of honey fried chicken for $24, but the daily specials are amazing. $10 for a HUMONGOUS fried chicken sandwich with fries. The fried chicken was perfect, with honey drizzle and hot sauce. Perfection! The brisket with southern slaw and collared greens was delish.

Drinks - pricey. Maybe $2 too pricey with $12-15 drinks for a non-club.

Service - 5 stars all the staff is really attentive.

Marketing - 1 star. This is where it fails. From the outside half the people I asked said it looked like a bowling alley, the other half said a small concert venue. Both are correct. It's so hard to see inside that you don't realize how gigantic it is inside with multiple floors, awesome decor and tons of room, indoor and outdoor patios, to roam and explore.

Give it a shot and tell their staff to work on marketing it from the outside. It's worth it once they come in.
Service was solid. Our waiter (Asian guy who used to work at the Bellagio) was one of the best I have had in the city. He was attentive and made sure my daughter was having fun which is 99% of the battle in a dining experience out with a 4 yr old. The fried chicken was amazing. Also, the mashed potatoes and gravy was great as well as the collared  greens. They were the best I have ever had at a restaurant. 

Great addition to the strip. Good job!
Couldn't help not to stumble into their bright theatre-style lights on our way to the High Rollers, so afterwards, had the craving for a sweet tooth, and surprisingly, that Cupcake/Ice cream place closed by midnite, c'mon it's Vegas lol.

But glad it did b/c decided to check out the dessert menu, looked promising with the chocolate chip bread pudding or banana split but server gave the slight edge to the former.  

Not just deleesh bc of the sweetness, which really didn't look that bad, just chocolate sauce, but the texture of the bread pudding was just right; a light crunch, amazingly not too soggy given how the vanilla ice cream melted right away.  Recommend for sure.

Overall, it's a nicer higher-end casual place, esp. for a bowling joint; also a good place to have some drinks too.  Like the grand entrance up the escalators, high ceilings and really, an overabundance of workers, must've dealt with about 6 different staff by the time it was said and done lol.
Delicious french bread pizza, Brooklyn Lager, free live reggae on Sunday, and all in Las Vegas...what more can you ask for?
This is truly a must see, I agree.  Such amazing voice and dance talents that perform throughout the night.  And of course you have to see the beautiful Holly Madison.  

Doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in and see the band tucked away within the wall, you know you are somewhere special.  

Go order yourself a pisco sour and have a good time.  This will be a hot spot on the strip in no time.
Though I made it late to the party (a little after 2 am) and all the fun shows I heard about were over, I thoroughly enjoyed my time here.

I had been hearing about this place for weeks, and being a speakeasy themed lounge lover, knew that I had to pay this place a visit. I raced over to the Mandalay via the walkways from the Luxor and walked about halfway thru the casino before I found a security guard who had heard of the place and turned me in the right direction. Turns out I had passed it, it's so discreet outside, nestled underneath the escalators connecting the two hotels, across from Criss Angel's magic shop.

The outside, as I mentioned, is pretty discreet, showing only a desk tucked in a corner in front of a gorgeous gilded mirror with a couple of bookcases and various other decor surrounding it and that famous white 20's car off to the side. I found a guy just outside and asked if it was still open. He said they were coming to a close but there were still some partiers inside, opened up a bookcase to reveal a door and a dimly lit hallway, and I was in.

Everything about the inside politely taps you on the shoulder, telling you you've been transported to a 20's era speakeasy and you don't want to go back. One walkway around the bar has a few black and whites taken during the time period while another surprises you with a small stage in the wall for a band, instruments set up with musicians or not. At the center lies the main stage, more long than wide, with what appeared to be a smaller bar down alongside it, slightly below stage level so as not to interfere with the acts, comfy chairs and tables lining the area. An upright piano sits discreetly off to the side of the stage, not too far from the DJ's booth, also nicely blending in with the decor. In the midst of all that raised in the center of the lounge is the main bar, a nice square fully stocked with the makings of their specialty cocktails and any other drink concoction you desire. 

Employees are  dressed as newsboys or corseted gals as they cheerfully and quickly take your drink orders. As they were winding down I was unsure if I'd be able to sample a cocktail, but as I hoovered on the bar, a friendly blonde brought me a menu and happily made me a drink, making suggestions when I asked. I ordered That Strange Rush, a delicious blueberry liquor mixture, that had me wishing I had arrived earlier for more. The bar area has many more tables and chairs, all elegant and comfy.

I roamed the place beverage in hand to check out the landscape and stumbled upon the cigar room, decorated with nice white couches and portraits, keeping with the 20s theme.

Everyone was very friendly and inviting, I never felt like I was intruding as I worried I might, coming in so late. The other party's seemed to be enjoying themselves as well, joint with the bartenders as if they were old friends while sipping their drinks.

I finished my drink and regretfully left, walking down an adjacent dimly lit hallway near the entrance and discovering I had walked thru a brick wall by the car.

I definitely want to come back again, this time for the shows!
Discreet, Intimate, and Las Vegas
Is this a lounge, nightclub, or the refractory period after a successful night in Las Vegas?

Speakeasy - It is not as easy as it sounds.  If you are unfamiliar with the prohibition era you need to know Las Vegas embodies speakeasies and Holly Madison has brought it back with a modern twist.  Like all speakeasies discretion is key.  Inconspicuously tucked in the corner the typical tourist may literally walk past this place because it is seemingly a small bar yet it is camouflaging the experiences within.  This was a soft opening.  With next to no advertisement the onus is on you.  My wife knew where to go.  

You'll see a car, but not the usual car surrounded by slot machines begging to be won. Next to it a well dressed, well groomed man to screen wanderers for the 21+ limit.  I casually struck up conversation and inserted the name of the bar like a secret pass-phrase.  The bouncer knew what I meant and told us the unique password that would grant my spouse and I access.  Tonight was "Cold War".  The secrecy and use of codes words threw me back in time to the age of illegal pleasures (and alcohol was illegal).  I moved toward the bar and then used this pass-phrase in a sentence.  "I'm glad the cold war is over," and, reminiscent of a spy film, the secondary bouncer agreed in kind, allowing access to the bar.

When we finished our beverage we progressed to a wonderfully hidden passageway to enter 1923: Bourbon & Burlesque.  Tonight was the second night of operation, the "soft opening."  Everything was clean and crisp, and begged to be toured.  There is the cigar room with paintings on the wall demanding the masculine man to breathe in its offerings.  We found our seats on the ground level in front of the main "stage."  The bar may be appear small, but I prefer to say intimate.  You can mix and mingle with like minded persons, but I relaxed with my wife.

The bar is fairly priced for the strip.  

Now, to get to my review:  
Many of the men, from the bouncer outside to the band members inside wore the typical fedora or Newboy hat.  There were other hats of that era why not try them out?  See Cloche hat for women, or the Bowler, Homburg and Straw Boater for men. And the Cocktail servers looked like they came off their shift from dancing on the card tables.  Change their attire please.  You can still be sexy.  Speaking of, the cocktail waitresses were no where near the version of 1920s beauty.  See Christina Hendricks in Mad Men.  

I was not a fan of the DJ playing bass bumping music.  Was I in a speakeasy or an attempt at being another club?  Refer to The Great Gatsby and encourage use of the dance floor.  However, as the night progressed things changed from a club to speakeasy with a live band playing off to the side.  The band played mixed songs, more instrumentals of modern music which was perfect for me.  The volume was a bit too loud for my taste, it seemed I was yelling at my wife sitting right next to me.  Allow patrons to have an even conversation about their Vegas conquest without feeling like shouting.  

The Bar and service.  Service was great or perhaps they were overstaffed?  Cause of the soft open.  The first bar you see is the mixology bar, where they can work their magic conjuring any drink you desire.  I went to the secondary bar.  I was able to strike a conversation with the bartender, as though we already knew each other.  We shared a laugh and I enjoyed whiskey.  Oh, no ice please, I prefer whiskey stones.

Then there is the performances.  This makes everything worth it.  Remember how I said this was intimate? Well, if you don't have a good seat, then good luck. The layout is too flat, practically one leveled.  But we were lucky. 
The burlesque performances are supported by Holly Madison aka "The Girl Next Door" and she did not fail to put on a show.  Being so close quartered, performers secretly go on stage and the only queue is the change in music, which calmly pulls your attention to the show.  I don't think you'll find a more sultry respectable performance like this anywhere on the strip (and industrial is NOT the strip).  
The piano-singer interaction made me feel I was the only one tucked away in the forbidden speakeasy being serenaded.  One of the singers, even came down to the crowd to entertain us with her vocals.  SKYE .. With an "E" for EVERYTHING.  This was not all at once but spread throughout the night; however, I would prefer that someone sing between shows to add to the background band.

My wife and I went on the second night of their soft opening, so things may have changed.  So, why 5 stars?  Even though I have a few critiques I see all its potential.  Our hands on experience and the atmosphere made this local couple look forward to coming back.  Besides, you may run into a celebrity or two.
Loveeeeeed This place! I'm a huge holly madison fan and support anything she does! Me and mom went here after the Britney Spears show and we loved all the dancing and singing! The staff is so friendly! Recommend this place it's very laid back and fun!!
Time machine back to the Great Gatsby and all the glamour and glitz that is so hard to find now a days. Great addition to the Las Vegas night life.  Recommend to try one their in-house barrel aged whiskey drinks put together by the bar manager and phenomenal mixologists. Holly Madison can be proud of this place. File under places you have to visit before you leave Las Vegas. BTW if you are having a hard time finding it, the entrance is hidden behind a book case.
Taking up residence where Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce used to be is the newest Speakeasy to hit the strip. There's something fun and exciting about entering through a secret door and needing a password to get in. 

I wasn't sure of the stats on the place, so I had called Mandalay Bay box office and the woman had no info to give me, I wasn't sure if we needed tickets prior, or if we purchase there, I then searched the actual 1923 website and didn't get any info there as well. I ended up speaking with concierge and she was the most helpful, this is the info I can pass along to others:

*No cover charge for locals
*$20 cover for non-locals 
*If you're interested in getting a table, you can email info@1923lv.com and they should get back to you within 24 hours.

If you show up around 10p and get yourself a seat at the bar, you'll have a perfect view for the stage, the entire place only holds 150 people, and the place got packed really quick, there were no seats or anywhere to stand by 11. Holly Madison performs 3 times nightly, and the shows run from 11p-2a. 

Jazz band plays intermittently throughout the night as well as a house DJ. They have a small specialty cocktail menu, Pisco Sour included. Our bartender, Marvin, was able to create a cocktail off menu by us telling him what our likes are. 

They have a cigar room in the back and they also sell them at the bar. They do allow smoking in the lounge, and it did get pretty smokey between the cigarettes and cigars, so be warned. 

I loved the burlesque dancers, the 1920's inspired outfits of the cocktails waitresses and bartenders were classy, and the prohibition style cocktails were good. I'd for sure come back.
Realty fun speakeasy bar in Mandalay bay right below escalator of the Mandalay bay shops. Drinks are great and service and burlesque show was fun. My new favorite place in Vegas!
Cool place but it took 45 mins to get a drink at the bar and it wasn't even that busy. There were 2 bartenders and one was too busy watching the girls on stage to wait on customers.
Whoa, what an incredible... list of bourbon!  Well hello nurse.  I mean, such hard to find bourbon.  OMG, really, how do they do that??  Uhhhh. What???

A speak easy from the 1920's, and while sure, Vegas Strip'esque (you walk up to a seemingly innocent bar only to be escorted into a fantasy world of beautiful women), it serves up the best bourbons the States has to offer.

Angel's Envy, Elijah Craig 21, E.H. Taylor Small Batch, Pappy's 23yr old Grand Reserve (which they are currently out of).  It's all there for the taking if you're willing to pay.  And pay your will.  Very high  Vegas markups.

Minimum charge for a seat or table ($50 if you want to stand), but well, well, well worth it for the burlesque show.  Not too racy, very suggestive.  Good audience mix from guys to gals all having a good time.

A true hidden gem of a night spot and one deserving of a try for any bourbon enthusiast.

Wait, what were we talking about...

HUH....
My husband and I went on Wednesday night and even though there wasn't much going on, the bartender, Paul, made excellent drinks and we had an amazing time in such a classy place. We will always come back for this type of atmosphere! Love it
We had such high expectations of this place. We got there about 9:30 pm and the bar stools were all taken. We were given the rundown on the $50 / person seats and took two near the dj booth. The drink menus on the tables make no mention of bourbons. I ended up with a mojito, without fresh mint. Turns out you have to ask for the bourbon menu separately. They had a couple dozen listed. Most were the mass produced big name brands, none worthy of the money they were charging.They had one bourbon cocktail listed. Later I asked the waitress for an ashtray, which she brought over. I started to enjoy my cigar when the manager said you can only smoke cigars in the separate back room. And it just kept going.down hill from there. We got back to our table, and one of the beers we left there was gone. 

Before the show starts one of the performers was standing next to me and actually flicked her ashes on my arm!!! Now the show starts, and if you are not at one of the front tables your view is blocked by everyone that moves up from the bar area. $50 for obstructed view!! We had to sit up on the railing to get glimpses of the stage.

There was no live band the night we went, and from what we could tell Holly came out for one song. We were expecting a 1920's experience. What we got was blaring 80's music.

The show was good, from what we could see of it. The dj doubled as the lighting guy and had to adjust the spotlight sitting on the dj booth to light up the performers.

They only had two waitresses on, and they ran their butts off. 

This place doesn't know what it wants to be. If bourbon is in the name, have signature bourbon drinks. If it's supposed to be a 1920's speakeasy have a1920's atmosphere.
We had a great time! I made reservations 2 weeks in advance for Saturday night and we had front row seats! The bartender Paul was amazing and he kept the drinks coming in all night long!  
The burlesque show was fun and the ladies did a great job.  
I would recommend this to anyone going who wants to have a fun time with friends!
Love this place. Great drinks and fun atmosphere. Small and intimate. The show performers are AMAZING and talented :) Definitely a fun place to grab drink with friends. Holly Madison performed when I was there and I was really impressed. Would be a fun place to go for a girls night or bachelorette party. Service was good and servers are friendly. Thought it was cool that we needed a password to get in. Would def go back!
Thank goodness for drinks at Whiskey Down at MGM before dinner one night! The bartender asked my sister and I our plans for the night and we told him after dinner we were going to the Michael Jackson One show at Mandalay Bay and then we wanted to go somewhere with a more laid back feel, not so much a club since we did that the pervious nights. He told us to go to this feel good,unique "lounge" that had recently opened and it was somewhere actual locals frequented. He described the atmosphere to us and we were immediately intrigued. Once arriving there was a small bar out front with an old timey car but no official door to get in, we were confused at first until the doorman asked how we found it and pushed aside a bookcase to a secret door into the club. We told him the bartender at Whiskey Down told us about it and we got in for free, which was a plus. The inside was exactly how you would imagine in the era of The roaring 20s with the dark lounge, saxophones, piano and stage. Very Great Gatsby like. One of the performers came on about 10 minutes after we arrived and even though there is nudity it was very classily done. I definitely recommend this "speakeasy" spot to anyone looking for something different than the same old loud and bumping clubs that can be found on every corner. Can't wait to come back in January!
I barely watched the burlesque show and I didn't have any bourbon. That being said, I still enjoyed 1923. The cocktails were tasty, the decor plush and sexy, the cigar room cool. 

I'd love to return to watch the show in its entirety.
We went here after dinner for my birthday.  We got here a little early and ordered some drinks.  Our bartender Marvin created a great Chocolate Martini as pictured below.  He also created two gin drinks that were great just based on my husband saying he was a gin guy! After my chocolate martini I told him I wanted something different that wasn't too sweet but had some fruit flavor he created a drink that was like a lemon drop only better!! (Picture below)We had a few drinks and watched some of the show.  The girls are amazing! I highly recommend this place but it does get packed so come early or book a table a ahead of time if you have a lot of people on your party!

Also Marvin is a fantastic bartender he was in the center bar when we went hopefully he is there for you.
Every time I go to Vegas, which is often, I always try and mix it up and try something new. This trip was no exception as 1923 was on the lineup for our group of 25 last weekend. Let me just summarize it like this: if you are looking for more of a lounge feel with a very sexy vibe, you just stuck gold! The service from the door staff, the bar staff and the management all made sure the experience was top notch. The dancers are amazing and the designated cigar room with all the cool art really put the icing on the cake! This place is perfect for both guys and girls, everyone will enjoy themselves!