Let's start with a couple redeeming qualities first... the entertainment, if you dine during it, creates a fun atmosphere and the energy in the place is high. We had a Spanish waiter who was attentive and quick.

On the other hand, the food leaves much to be desired. I lived in Seville, Spain for 6 months and have eaten at many Tapas restaurants in the states... so, I have enough experience with Spanish food to judge. The food here is uninspired, bland, and borderline gross. We kept ordering more (tortilla, caricoles, pepin salad, pimientos, empanada, salmon) hoping maybe we just made a bad choice. Nothing was even decent! This place has potential but the owner should seriously consider hiring a new chef and completely revamping the menu. I'll be back to try it if that happens, but I won't return nor will I recommend if everything is status quo.
3 thumbs way down! I was visiting AZ, my sister brought us to El Pepin, she had been there before and enjoyed a couple of good meals.  But, not this time. 

The good: 3 Tapas were very good, Shrimp ajillo, Veg. croquette, red pepper w/ goat cheese. 

The bad: The waiter didn't understand English, one order of Paella, was really 3 separate orders for 3 times the money. Our order for Shrimp with the Paella became Squid. Our order for a small Sangria carafe became a large carafe for $18. When we complained about the Squid the chef said he wouldn't charge us for the extra squid. And, when we told we wanted one Paella order split 3 ways, he charged us for one order but took away our take home bag of extra Paella. 

In the end, we were overcharged for the paella and sangria, we didn't want Calamari in the Paella, the service was awful, food moderately good, Sangria average. 

We felt like tourists in a strange place getting ripped off at every chance.
I really liked this place. Not only is the atmosphere great, so was the paella! Plus they had flamenco dancers shakin' their hips through the place at random moments...how fun is that? Later on they actually performed on a little stage. The best part was when they ask who was having a birthday, and I pointed out my whitebread, farm-boy Minnesota-born husband. They pulled him right up there so he could shake his groove thang. Highlight of the evening.
I couldn't have said it better Josh (1st review)! The authenticity of the dishes is deflated by the mediocre tasting food and service.

However!! The salsa dancing on Friday and Saturday nights is soooo fun! Tip: $10 cover (if you haven't eaten dinner before 10pm).
OFGS - Lighten up people.  The food was really good.  This is like an old school restaurant.  Flavors were well balanced and the food was cooked just right.  The main idea here is keep your expectations inline and enjoy.  Oh, and the salsa dancing etc. is great.  Go and live a bit of a past.
It's all about the package. 3.5 stars.

At the restaurant Pepin, of course.  I would not give them 4 stars based solely on the food.  3 stars for the food.  It was for the most part very good but not good enough to merit  say $37 bucks that I spent on a seafood stew over noodles that my daughter and I shared.  

By the way, first time I've eaten octopus, is it supposed to be textured like steak on the inside, soft on the outside and a little slippery on the surface?  But I digress.

The food was overpriced for the quality.  But when you throw in Flamenco dancing, live Spanish guitar, free dancing lessons and getting pictures of my kids on stage dancing flamenco, much more worth it.

The sangria was nice as well.  We shared a pitcher.  Well, the kids didn't actually have any .  

Did you know Sangria helps you dance?
I barely remember what I ate, but the atmosphere and the service was awesome!  It was a while back and I don't even know if htey still do this but they have salsa and dance lessons going on WHILE you eat, with the diners.  It was truly awesome and so much fun. 

Of course, it's on a volunteer basis, it's not like your soup gets dropped off at your table and you are forced to salsa dance with you server while the soup gets cold.

I should head back and see what it is like these days.  I am surprised there are not more reviews.  It's by AZ 88.

PEPIN is fun and the food was decent and the service was great!
The stars in my review are based on tasting just one dish of jamón, which was serrano--not jabugo as I ordered. (If you know something about jamón, it's impossible to pass off the inferior product for the sublime jabugo). Yet I was charged as if it were de bellota. Other reviewers have written their take on other dishes.

It's hard not to be tough on an expatriate Spanish restaurant after you've lived in Spain for a good chunk of time (more than a year in my case). If not for my flamenco dancing colleague, I doubt I would have sought out Pepin's. Her flamenco was good and if you go just for that, you should have a good time. I ducked out before the salsa dancing started. (It seems obvious to me that they rely on dances to attract the night crowd and make up for low numbers during the day).
Last Friday some friends from work were in town (airline industry- we're scattered everywhere) and we decided to start our evening at Pepin for a bite to eat and some dancing.  I have been dancing there several times, but I had never tried the food.

The Food: 
The service was great- very attentive and accommodating. We had a bilingual group, and our waitress took orders in both English and Spanish with no problem. I ordered Pollo Al Jerez, which was chicken, steamed veggies and mushrooms. The best part was the mushrooms, which had a great texture and tasted delicious with the sauce. The chicken was a little dry, but still good. 

The Dancing: 
There were no lessons that night, but there was a live DJ and a good mix. They played mostly salsa, merengue and bachata in sets of two or three, with a cha cha thrown in now and then. We left early, but later in the evening they usually include some reggaeton and Latin hip hop when the crowd gets younger. The floor started to fill up between 9:30 and 10:00. There was an open atmosphere on the dance floor: very inviting for beginners. There were a few experts too, who were fun to watch when eating or taking a break.

Over all it was a great night out for food and dancing. Pepin remains on of my favorite places for dancing, and is now a new favorite for food!
The service was absolutely horrid. The waitress disappears for ludicrous periods of time. It took us almost an hour just to get water. When we finally got food, it was average at best and way over priced. On top of insult to injury, our group was charged 18% gratuity for the awful service. Our group got there around 7pm, and we didn't get to leave until 1030. We finally had to go track down the waitress to get our bill. I don't recommend going there. Typical overrated Scottsdale eatery.
Haven't really tried the menu, so I am limiting my review to the salsa scene. For people who like salsa/merengue etc. this is the place to go, especially on Saturday nights. Nice, friendly atmosphere. You will find people of all levels dancing, so its not really intimidating for new comers. Awesome music.
My friends and I wanted to see the Flamenco show.  We had already been to Happy Hour so were not interested in dinner.  We ordered a small appetizer so as not to seem like freeloaders.

The appetizer was extremely poor quality for the price and was presented to us without one of the key ingredients.  The service was terribly slow, given the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty (another clue).

The Flamenco dancing was good but not worth spending the evening here.
11/3

Another happy hour Tuesday for me!  Today I wanted to try AZ 88 after all these years of intention.  On my way to AZ 88, I paused for a few moments to check out Pepin's menu.  (Couldn't help it- Pepin and AZ 88 sit adjacent to each other!)  While my mouth watered at the descriptions of tapas, I, almost reluctantly, continued on my way to original destination.  Wow!  AZ 88 was DEAD.  Awashed in white tables and chairs, with only about 6 employees and me indoors, this space was too sterile for me to occupy for too long.  Even if happy hour was offered (I asked- it isn't), I don't think I would've bothered.  Impersonal and unwelcoming were adjectives that came to mind.  I will have to come back at a later time in the day to see if a higher body count and more mood lighting help to warm me up to AZ 88.

Back to Pepin!  Happy hour here meant 50% off all tapas and sangrias!  Ole!  HH also means one eats at the bar counter.  Not so ole!  Pepin definitely needs to spruce this area up!  I almost gave up on the idea, but I was hungry and the $15 three-cold tapas sampler had me intrigued.  Si!  That's $7.50 to try three different cold plates; I selected roasted red peppers and goat cheese, lamb w/ garlic and sun-dried tomatoes, and cured salmon w/ fresh onions and capers, on a bed of lettuce and drizzled w/ Spanish olive oil.  I was able to secure a glass of Rene Barbieri red for 50% off (orig. $6).  Muchas gracias!!  

Before my cold tapas arrived, a basket of 4 fresh-from-the-oven dinner rolls appeared, w/ a delicious aioli to accompany them!  They were so wonderful, I decided I was going to take some home w/ me :)  Xavier, my Catalan server, even gave me fresh rolls (not yet warmed in the oven) to ensure that the finished product wouldn't be rock-hard and damage my ivories.  Aw, how considerate of Xavier!  (Good thing this Catalan was married... I quite favor the Spaniards.)  Back to the tapas!  After the delightfully crispy-crusty dinner rolls, I found the slice of bread that came with the red peppers and goat cheese dull.  Thick-cut and soggy.  So, I swiped off the goat cheese and slathered it on the dinner rolls, instead!  A potential disaster averted!  Ole!  The slices of lamb were also very tasty, w/ the sun-dried tomato pieces lending a chewy texture that isn't as bad as you might think.  My favorite of the three was the cured salmon w/ capers!  With a twist of lemon, this app was simply perfect!  Yes, I'd recommend this dish to anyone.  Anyone, that is, that doesn't find fish repulsive...

Hasta la vista, Pepin!  I'll be back soon to try the calamari!
Happy hour, over a week ago, consisted of the calamari w/ aioli, a glass of Rene Barbier red, and brandy-flambeed flan.  Had more of those terrific dinner rolls!  First thing I noticed when presented w/ the plate of calamari was the lovely color!  Was it saffron, I asked?  Why, yes!  These calamari rings were dipped in saffron-infused batter... These rings were beautiful and tasty!  I really like the simple aioli here.  And the flan?  Xavier made a deal w/ me that if I didn't think it the best I've ever tasted, then he wouldn't charge me the $7 price tag.  While it WASN'T the best I'd ever had (my Mom makes the best flan!  Heck, even I can make a killer flan- she says so modestly), it was still very, very good and I didn't see the need to be cunning about it, so I paid.  Willingly.  

Next visit- frog legs and a sangria (or two)!
High price for only so-so food.  I didn't bother staying for the Flamenco dancer... the poor atmosphere was a turn off (large empty room, shabby decor).  One positive: the service was friendly and responsive.
Pepin...not sure what to say except I'm NOT impressed. In fact I'm giving this place the extra star only because the Flamenco Dancer was good not amazing but good. That's its. The service sucked! The food had no flavor and the sangria was a joke! I was looking forward to having dinner here. I was here on vacation and my friend said that a few years back she'd go every weekend and loved it. Clearly time has not be kind to this place. Thanks but no thanks..not going back again..EVER!
Oh Pepin, I was not impressed with you being closed on Tuesday even though your restaurant's sign said clearly that you were supposed to be open for business.  After hearing from other people that there were supposed to be salsa dancing lessons on Tuesdays I was excited to check the place out, but when my dance partner and I arrived the doors were locked.  There were no signs indicating that the restaurant would be closed so we decided to venture elsewhere.
We came for dinner and was not impressed at all.  For the price of the dinner  ($23. to $37 per entree), and the location, the place needs a total remodel or at the least,  to be cleaned.  We ordered dinner about 7:15 and not until an hour later did we finally lose our patience and asked when our dinner was coming.  The waiter told us it would probably be another 15 or 20 minutes, because it takes a while for the paella to cook.  That should have been told to us at the beginning when we ordered this.  The dinner was way below average (not worth the high cost)  because the food had no taste and some of the seafood was still raw.  We had to ask for some more bread to hold us over for the long wait.  We also overheard surrounding tables complaining about the food.  We finally left there after 9:30.  Sorry, not planning on go back after reading other reviews.
Flamenco dancers and incredible guitar makes this place awesome. Sure there's room for improvement on the lighting and sometimes food - but you'll still fall in love with this place.
After last night at CMYE Phoenix City Grille, the husband and I weren't in ANY condition to cook dinner tonight. We started flipping through the Entertainment book to see where we might go for dinner. It has been a long time since we have been and paella sounded damn good for my hangover. We got there around 6pm and was maybe the fourth table there.

I ordered a pina colada and the husband had wine. I really liked the pina colada and the fried calamari that was very tender. No one likes overly chewy calamari. For dinner, I had the paella Valenciana (the typical paella dish, $28) and my husband had the paella Negra (black rice with lobster, calamari, shrimp, chicken, etc, $32). Both dishes were delicious and each were more than enough to split between two people. The next time we go, we would probably split one paella. We were using a BOGO deal, so it made sense to get the two and have dinner for another night. 

As we were wrapping up dinner, the band began playing and shortly thereafter, the flamenco dancer came on. The music and flamenco performance was so great and really added to the experience. By this time, the restaurant was packed and our 3 year old was having a blast trying to dance like the flamenco dancer. After they played their set (30 minutes), the singers and dancer walked around to talk with the patrons. Very cool. 

Overall, the drinks were good, food was good, service was good, and so were the musicians. Really great time and looking forward to the next!
I see this restaurant has poor reviews. This was my first visit. It was a Thursday night and the place was dead. It made me sad. The music was on too low and the ambiance was a little eerie. The service, however was fantastic. I believe our service was from Spain and was knowledgable, friendly, and attentive. 

Our meals were AWESOME!!! I ordered the Don Quixote (sp)? It was a chicken and cheese tortellini covered in Manchego sauce. Amazing.

My date had the Paella with Chicken and Chorizo. Very tasty. Both portions were very good size.

I was overall very pleased and hope to check out the dancing on Fridays and Saturdays in the future.
News Flash!  Pepins is a far cry from traditional Spanish cuisine and somehow, someone thought that they would classify it as "Basque Cuisine" also.  I guess it sounds good to throw that in.  Me thinks not!  The cuisine has nothing to do with Basque cuisine.  The Spanish cuisine is very much Americanized.  Since most people on this planet have not traveled to Pais Basco (Basque Country, located in the most northern, central region of Spain and partly in France) the owners of Pepins must think that the consumer will take their word for it.  Pepins food is not "terrible", but it's not Spanish, and it's definitely not Basque!  The service was atrocious when we went.  The Paella, was hardly a paella.  The garlic shrimp was pretty good though.  And what's up with the Salsa dancing in a "Spanish" restaurant.  Weird.

i'm giving it an extra star because I'm nice guy.  If I told actually thought, Yelp would have to come up with a separate rating scale.
Second time I've been to Pepins over the last five years.  On the way, I asked my wife, if I I metioned anything about the food after our first visit, because there must be a reason we haven't come back in so long.  

We went for the dancing and the Flamenco show.  The dance floor wasn't crowded, which I like since Salsa dancing is tough in over crowded dance floors.  The Flamenco show is awesome and the performers all seem friendly.  Sangria was the best I've had out in the local area, but I've had better in other restaurants outside of greater Phoenix.

However, the food was a bit bland.  If you google "Spanish Food" and "bland" you'll find that this combination comes up quite a bit.  So the blandness is likely a combination of Spanish food being inherently bland and American food tends to be so rich.  

The service was excellent.  My drink refilled regularly and evey request was treated with given prompt attention with a smile.
I like Pepin's ..a favorite of me and my boyfriend. His family is form Argentina and the food is very good. Obviously every dish is a little different we have been in at least 7 or 8 times and never disappointed. We have had good consistent service..no issues if we share an app or desert..they are great about doggie bags and are attentive and have a passion for their food. Here is the deal..there is always the purist out there that the food will not live up to ..that's okay..just do not rule this place out...
Don't go to Pepin for the food, and I'm not saying that because of a lack of Spanish authenticity; it just doesn't taste good, ever ... usually.  This time wasn't bad and last time they didn't have my first three choices, not exaggerating.  But that doesn't explain the previous two visits.  Also, the prices are high, especially given my first comment.  If you can hurdle both of those comments, there are lots of reasons to go to Pepin.  You can order sangria by the liter, my wife keeps wanting to go, they have live flamenco dancing, my wife likes the good, the ambience feels Spanish, and they play upbeat flamenco music in the background.
I have eaten at Pepin 3-4 times and the food is decent, the wine is good, and it is fun to watch the dancing.  Its usually a little warm in there also.

I am writing this review to conplain about terrible and inhospitable service.  I went there recently with a date and another couple to eat and drink and watch salsa.  We were very dressed up and ready to start the night out.  When I got there, I said 'four for dinner' and asked when the dancing started.  The moron that was apparently hosting and completely devoid of social skills asked if we were eating.  I said yes, and drinking.  And he then asked how much we were going to order.  I was confused and then asked why?  He said because there is a cover charge if you don't order that much.  After again saying that we were there to eat and drink and jokingly inquiring if I was doing something wrong, I was again admonished about the cover charge if we don't order enough.  

I then took my group elsewhere.  I would have paid a charge hapily if it was on the bill.  I do not like the inquisition at the host area.  In this case it was insulting and embarressing and I took my business elsewhere, for a $280+ dinner at Cowboy Ciao.  I hope someone in charge at Pepin reads this and educates the ignorant host on common courtesy and customer service.
So we met a girl from Peru, she took us here after 10PM when it turns into a SALSA BAR! They turn the lights down low, play the music a little too loud, keep the full bar open, have Latin American music videos projected on the walls, and people get all sweaty going at it full force. 

I learned the merengue from a gentlemen who asked me to dance. They'll always ask you to dance. Nobody does that weird let-me-dance-on-you thing here. Also, nobody cares if you don't really know how, they'll spin you and you throw your head back and laugh at your bad feet work. Then they spin you some more. 

Pepin after hours are a one of a kind experience. A hearty slice of culture! I didn't even need to get on a plane. 

There is a $10 cover. If you don't have cash they just take you back to the bar and you can pay with your card there. 

I've never been to Pepin for the food. From reading the previous reviews I guess I really shouldn't.

But I sure am going to go again to dance.
Have been here a few times. Food is just OK - I really feel you could make better at home - I know I can. Service was excellent tonight. I can't believe what they charge for Paella - $32. C'mon, its rice, chicken and a few pieces of seafood. Flamenco music was nice and dancer was great!
I'm from South America, and I heard about this place from a friend, who told me they have latin music also on Saturdays.

We went on Saturday, the place wasn't too busy, they have live show with a flamenco dancer, it was good. We order two appetizers, the chorizo and the empanada, I liked both, and the bread, omg, I'm not a white bread lover, but this bread was soft and warm, and they give you a yummy dressing to eat with.

For dinner I order the Pata de puerco... it was ok, I won't order that again, my husband order shrimp, and he liked it.

I would prefer to order only appetizers and share, but because we had a living social deal, we have to order entrees, but for me the appetizers are better.

The service was good, the waiter very friendly.

After 10 pm, they moved some tables, and DJ started playing latin music and you can also watch in a screen some videos.

Unfortunately we had to leave before people started dancing, because I'm pregnant and my back was killing me.

Definitely I will be back, but only for appetizers and dance.
we went here late 2010 and had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon. the wait time was terrible and the entertainers were amateurish. we ordred appetizers and drinks and then our 2 entrees came. they came in small plates(lunch portions) . we complained and they said they split the dinner entree to make two. we complained but the manager wouldn't budge. well, we didn't either. we paid for our drinks and appetizers and left, but not before yelling out  "this place is a fraud !" i am of spanish descent and this place is a disgrace to my heritage.
Went to Pepin's last night. The waitress was really nice. We saw the bad reviews on Yelp so just ordered a bunch of appetizers: snails, black bean croquettes, clams, garlic shrimp, and lamb (cold appetizer).  They were all good, except the lamb was nothing special.  However, the portions were extremely small and the prices not so much.  5 appetizers between two people, and I was still pretty hungry.
The bread was good and good for dipping in the sauces of the appetizers.  The wine was pretty awful for a $30 bottle of Spanish wine.
The Flamenco is entertaining, though I've also been to another Spanish tapas place in Scottsdale called Papas Fritas, and their live Flamenco was much much better.

Pepin is an interesting place. I was pretty surprised at the state of the estasblishment, I guess I expected more at least based on the location. The inside is pretty basic and could use a little renovation, and the women's bathroom is a joke.  You'd think you were in a total dive bar.  There's only one working toilet, and the stall door has no lock and barely even closes.

But anyway, my conclusion: 
Appetizers - good  but too small
Price - too high (based on the portions)
Service - great
Flamenco - cool but a little ghetto
State of the establishment - a little ghetto

PS: Don't be fooled by the Living Social shennanigans.  The voucher does not say you have to buy entrees.  Our waitress started to say we had to order entrees, but when I told her it's not written that way and showed it to her, she said we could order what we wanted.
The food is ok but the entertainment is bad. It has average service but probably not a place I'd be coming back to.
The Flamenco dancer and guitarist did a fine job. 
The service was slow, which is fine if you just want to relax and enjoy a glass of wine.
The food was good, but not worth the price. 
Supposedly, you need a reservation on a Friday or Saturday night, but the restaurant was not very busy. Par for the course in Scottsdale.
We came for Lunch and it was wonderful.  The food was delicious.  The wait staff was very friendly and very good.
Gordon Ramsey please visit this place! 

* Food little better than a TV dinner, yet competed with some of the best restaurants in town...ON PRICE 

* They served us rancid wine. 

* Service was terrible 

Owner/manager hung out in lobby socializing with friends rather than helping clients that were waiting an absurd amount of time for food. 

Gristle laden beef jerky floating in oil served as a dish 

Flamenco was ok...this place should give up trying to serve food and being a high end restaurant and Just become a bar/ night club and serve a few simple fresh dishes if anything at all. Or get a restaurant consultant in there and totally revamp the menu.

I almost always try a place twice, but, not thinking so in this case.
I had to come on here to recommend that people NOT visit this place. 

Pepin needs to be on Restaurant: Impossible immediately! They have it all wrong. The decor is depressing and dingy, so much so that I couldn't help but think that the kitchen in the back was disgusting. The service was pretty slow at responding to us, even though there were only 3 tables seated in the restaurant, one of which was only drinking (I now know why). Most of the servers were gathered behind the bar hanging out, while we waited for water refills and additional sauces to mask their nasty food.

My girlfriend and I ordered sangria, several appetizers, and I had the paella. The appetizers were some of the worst I've had in Phoenix. Nasty overcooked sausage, stale bread, flat cheap cheeses -- just plain gross. The sangria wasn't really all that tasty either (in my opinion), however my girlfriend liked it. The one saving grace of my meal was the paella that I ordered. It was not the best I've had in PHX, but definitely tasty and there was plenty of seafood inside for me to enjoy (I now realize just how brave I was to order seafood in this place -- it honestly scares me to think back on it).   

The prices here are WAY TOO HIGH for what you get. I used a $50 gift certificate and our dinner for the two of us was still nearly $100!! 

Please spare yourself the disappointment and skip out on this place. The only thing saving me from giving it 1 star is that the guitar player was excellent and music is worth a bonus star to me! The flamenco wasn't bad, especially for being this far from Spain, but it did make it quite loud in there during the show.
Terrible.

I brought my boyfriend here a while ago for a romantic date out.  I thought it would be great because they had vegetarian paella for me and plenty of fish and meat for him to try.  (He doesn't normally get to do that too much since we go to mostly vegetarian places).

We got an appetizer, two entrees, and some sangria, and even with a $25 gift card, the bill was still over $90 with tip.  Now, this would not have been an issue had the food been worth that.  However, the food was terrible.  It was stuck in the 80's.  The beau's chicken looked like something you would get on an airplane, and my paella could have been shown up by something in a box... mushy rice with frozen veg.  The server also charged us for 2 salads that she just brought out.  I don't mind paying for a salad, but at least ask me!

At one point in our meal, my man got up and went to the restroom.  When he returned, he told me that I HAD to go look at it.  It was awful.  It was worse than any drive bars I have been to.  The paint was falling off the walls, one of the stalls didn't have a door and the other barely locked, the toilets were filthy, and the sink was disgusting.  If you charge $20-$40 a plate, you need to have the ambiance to back it up.

Never go here.
I purchased a Groupon for Pepin, without reading the reviews, so naturally my wife and I were apprehensive about going here. I had to persuade her to at least join me for appetizers, just so we could use the deal I had bought. 

So we went here on a Saturday evening around 8 a couple of weeks back. It can be a little tricky to find as it's behind the parking garage (which btw was completely full while we found easy parking in the street and lots). The restaurant is quite unique: Vaulted ceilings, somewhat dark, and with live entertainment: flamenco, of course. Two guitar players, a male singer (with an amazing, rusty voice singing in Spanish) and of course the dancing, tapping and castanets. Very entertaining, great-sounding and perfect for this atmosphere.

We ordered appetizers: the empanada (stuffed with meat) and calamari. Bread with aioli mayonaise came first. Service was good, not fake or overly-friendly, but real. It was clear that the staff had their hands full (restaurant was almost at capacity), but they didn't seem stressed. Food was great - in fact, we ordered another empanada and the portions were big! We wanted to have tried the paella, but had no room. Next time...

Overall, very impressed. I can imagine some will leave disappointed if they expect pretentious, swanky Scottsdale-style restaurant, but this feels authentic, tasted great, treated us well and left us very positively surprised. Will definitely return some day. Maybe stay for the salsa dancing starting at 10 pm. 

Good job, Pepin.
I just got back from "eating" at Pepin and had to immediately write a review.  We had a table of 12 reserved and were seated promptly on a packed Sat night.  We sat and waited for 15min before anyone took a drink order.  The sangria was pretty bad and only had a piece of orange in terms of fruit.  Most of us ordered paella valencia which we were told feeds about 1 1/2 people which I immediately thought odd.  Is it not obvious that it should either serve one or two?!?  Regardless we ordered four for six people.  A hour later the food appeared.  

No salads and the bread was served with Ranch dressing (no butter).  Our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water.  The food was pretty poor and the portions were horrible.  I got one clam, one shrimp, and a few pieces of chicken in my plate.  The mussel I had on my plate had a cracked shell so I did not eat it.  I was actually embarrassed.  

On a high note the singer/guitar player/dancer were pretty darn good.  They kept us entertained while we waited forever.  Unfortunately they were quite loud for the small space with low ceilings so it was near impossible to talk at the table.  If you do go, DO NOT sit in front of the stage unless you just want to hear them and not each other.

The good entertainment soon left my mind when we got the bill.  My son had a $7 hamburger, my daughter split a crab cake, and my wife and I had the paella valencia.  One glass of sangria each and the bill was $110.  The also automatically added the gratuity.  Great trick when your service sucks!
Delicious, traditional Spanish food and tapas and good prices.  Great dinner show some nights of the week.  And, we can't forget the Sangria-strong and delicious!  Four stars because the Sangria needs more fruit and my table didn't have the best view of the stage.  Service was okay, but seriously, viva Espana on the comida and beverage.
This is a difficult review to write as so many things went wrong but most were made good by the end. A friend and I had tickets for the Bruce Hornsby concert right next door at the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts. We had planned on eating dinner at AZ88 before, but didn't count on the Scottsdale Arts Festival being held that afternoon. We weren't able to do the 40 minute wait at AZ88. We looked around and saw Pepin next door, almost empty. Usually a bad sign. But we didn't really have many choices so we went in.

The hostess looked all of 15, and spoke so softly and with such a heavy accent, we had no idea of what she was saying and just followed her to the table. Our waiter eventually came and took a drink order. He is the saving grace of this review and the restaurant. If not for him, this review would be 1 star with no chance of ever going back.

After we received our drinks and had ordered dinner (Pollo Don Quixote and one of the paella specialties), it was probably 6:50, concert starts at 8. In comes a rowdy, OBNOXIOUS, drunk bridal party of about 18 girls. I knew we were in trouble as there was no other waiter to take the table. Fast forward to 7:45. Still no food and empty drinks. The waiter assured us it would be out quickly. We asked for the check along with the food as we were going to have to eat a few bites and leave. The food came out and he informed us that there would be no charge for any of the food or drinks and apologized profusely. We scarfed down a bit of the food (which was VERY good) and left him a tip and left. We stopped to thank him for his professionalism and told we would come back on another night, which we will. 

The owner/manager seems to be a bit clueless. The table next to us sat and after about 15 minutes with no service of any kind, got up and left. It took him almost a half hour to realize the table had left. He seems to be more interested in chatting with what looked like regulars than making sure the restaurant was running smoothly.
Go for the ambiance and the flamenco, maybe a cocktail or two. The food is pretty much what everyone else is  saying. It's nothing special, just Sysco quality restaurant food but the flamenco is BITCHIN'!
I bought a Groupon dinner for two as a Christmas gift for my mother.  Bad move!  Mom was upset enough to write her own bad review of the restaurant.  (I didn't even know she had a Yelp account!)

The deal sounds great... $49 for a dinner for two, valued at up to $104. This includes two entrees, a pitcher of sangria, and an appetizer.  ("This must be some fancy restaurant," I thought. "What a nice gift for my Mom!")

Well, she ended up not taking her boyfriend, but instead took her sister and sister's husband.  Therefore, instead of two, there were three at the table. Unfortunately, Pepin could not handle this change gracefully, and when placing the order everybody became confused with the Groupon deal.

I wish they just told my mother... "Your order for three is going to exceed the value of this coupon, which is for a dinner for two. The coupon is for any two dinners, one appetizer, and one pitcher of sangria.  Since you're ordering more, we'll give you the maximum credit for your coupon, which is worth up to $104." That would have been simple.

Instead, they made billing seem complicated, causing the customer to have to think too much about the bill. They didn't give the full value of the Groupon and they added a mandatory 20% gratuity on the bill (for three people).

Looking back at the deal... They gave her most of the value of the coupon. The meal cost a lot more than she calculated partially because she didn't calculate the value of each item they ordered, partially because the mandatory 20% gratuity was a large, unexpected change, and partially because the prices are over-inflated ($32 for a pitcher of sangria?).

I paid $49 for the deal, and Mom paid $86 in excess. For a total of $135 (supposedly 50% off), my Mom and her two guests received one entree each. They shared a single appetizer, a single dessert, and a single pitcher of sangria.  That's pretty spendy, and for that much money, you'd think everyone would leave feeling satisfied with the experience of the food and the service.  Instead, my Mom thought it was a rip off, and I'm left regretting my purchase.
The dancers are awesome, the food is horrible. My friend had a living social/groupon type thingy for this place....what a scam. They make you order entrees instead of tapas. There was no fine print about minimum entree orders. It was a nightmare. Honestly I thought the food was gross & just plain blah. I can usually find something nice to say about a place...in this case its only that the dancer was great.
I dont even know what to say, the only reason I gave it one star was because you cant rate lower! 

the service was horrible! the food was low quality, the atmosphere horrible. Im sure this place may have been nice MAYBE in the 80's buut... that was a long time ago. 

if you want to pay 100 bucks for a meal your better off getting at applebees be my guest. (or should I say THEIR guest)
Well I can honestly see why this place is all over Groupon these days.  Upon arrival there was 2 people inside at 7pm on a Thursday yes 2 people.  That actually started to scare me but whatever my Groupon was going to expire so I had to use it.  So I grabbed a window seat and was greated by a server who was very nice and asked if I was using the Groupon which I stated yes and he quickly brought out the pitcher of Sangria.  The Sangria was very different then others I've had before as it had peppermint schnapps in it odd but it worked and was tasty.  I then ordered the Cordero Asado which is lamb and sun dried tomato's in olive oil.  It was just ok not bad but not great either.  I also ordered a paella de pescado y marisco which was very bland and the seafood tasted previously frozen and essentially flavorless.  I was pretty disappointed as the regular price on this dish was $32 I can't imagine paying that for what I got.  So on to the last entree which was a dry aged steak and shrimp.  The steak had been frozen and also was flavorless and the shrimp were as well.  During the meal I was just looking around inside and just kept thinking what if Gordon Ramsey could come here on Kitchen Nightmares and fix this place.  Maybe the owner will try that to revitalize the place instead of getting people in the door with Groupon.  

Cliff Note:
Don't buy the Groupon you will regret it.  Just go to Tapas Papa Frita instead :)
I bought a coupon for this place BEFORE I checked the ratings.  Tried it on Friday because there is  "Flamenco" show.  At about 7:35PM, a guitarist takes his place on a chair and begins to strum.  Hmmm,  not bad I thought.  Then a woman with dancing shoes emerges wearing a frilly, nylon, pink dress which could have easily been a nightgown.  (not trying to be mean, just telling the truth).  She did two dances and during the rest of her time, she sat down and  clapped along while the guitarist played.  
When I presented the coupon, the waiter told me that I had to order two entrees.  Having read from other Yelpers that they had been told the same, I quickly corrected the waiter and told him that the coupon said, $40 worth of FOOD not necessarily entrees.  They acquiesced. They served us hot rolls, no butter.  Instead, a garlicky ranch type dressing.  I put up with it.  cost saving measure I guess.  My friend ordered the Chicken Al Jerez, a chicken cutlet in sherry sauce.  He didn't want rice so he got vegetables.  On the menu in the restaurant, it doesn't specify that dishes come with soup or salad as it does on the internet.  I told the waiter and he added a salad. The chicken was overdone, but the taste of the sauce was good.  Mushrooms on the chicken were out of a can.  Salad was fresh  I had two appetizers.  Empanadas & Shrimp wrapped in bacon.  Empanadas should be meat filled turnovers.  Not here.  It was made with pizza dough stuffed with tomato sauce and slivers of chicken so small that I had to closely check it to be sure what it was.  I set it aside because it was not worth eating.  The waiter saw this and offered to get me another appetizer.  Nice guy.  Ordered Tortilla Espanola, a traditional fritata containing sliced potatoes, in its place.  It was good.  You can't hurt a frittata. Just dump stuff in the eggs and you're done.  I enjoyed the shrimp and bacon appetizer (I think Trader Joe's sells these frozen)  until I awoke last night with heartburn.  I remember eating them and thinking that the bacon was not totally crisped up (needed more time in the oven).  My fault for not telling them.  
The saving grace of this evening was the server who waited on us and really tried to please us.  The one star is for him.  The owner who had greeted us initially at the door was busy setting tables with tablecloths (another cost-cutting measure?) instead of checking in on his patrons.  I for one do not recommend this place to anyone.
Phenomenal food (make sure you try the paella), but the place was in serious need of a facelift.  The mildewy smell when we walked in was a bit offputting, but the great pancetta wrapped shrimp we had for an appetizer more than made up for it.  We split our two entrees, and a big thumps up to the chicken and sausage paella!  Ended the meal on a recommendation from a regular who said we had to try the flan.  It was really good - best I've had.  We'll be back, but would be a much more regular stop if they would update the place a bit.
Just ok...the atmosphere was extremely dated, but the happy hour prices were good enough to give this place 3 stars!
One of my favorite things to do in Spain is to go see flamenco dancing. I love the fashion, the grace, the emotion and the passion, and Pepin right here in Old Town Scottsdale offers up great flamenco performances that brought me right back to Madrid when I saw them last weekend.

Every Friday and Saturday night for no cover charge, the Spanish restaurant hosts talented dancers strutting their stuff right in front of your table. They wear the long swaying dresses and are deft at the dance moves, and it's really delightful to see them get down. The food is great, too, and I think it's a very classy spot, especially for a date.

The spot serves up really good Spanish food and sangria-get a pitcher to share with friends for $32, which yields eight glasses.

We tried a ton of stuff, including toast topped with goat cheese and red peppers, and if you're into paella, there's a wide variety.

There are lots of other options as well, including pastas and seafood.

I'd go back for the flamenco alone, though-muy bonito!
Went on flamenco night, which was a nice touch.  Not so great for dinner conversation, though.

The food was OK, but the service was awful.  We literally waited an hour to get our check after asking our waitress for it.  Finally we ended walking to the front just so we could leave.  Because we used a discount, they automatically add a 20% gratuity before discount.  I might have given that much anyway, but after waiting so long for the check, it felt slightly exploitative.

So don't go on flamenco night if you're looking to catch up with a friend over dinner (it's impossible to hear over the music), and personally, I wouldn't go again on a discount.  Their automatic gratuity policy seems to give them carte blanche to ignore their guests.
I had purchased a coupon from groupon for a dinner for 2, (appetizer, 2 entrees and a pitcher of sangria for $50). So during the week of our anniversary we decided to try it out.  We decided on Tuesday, it was a slow night so the place only had a hand full of patrons which was fine with us.   We had choice of seating and picked a table near the window.  Our waiter came over right away and we advised him of our groupon deal.  He explained how the deal worked which turned out much better than we thought as we had a choice of any entree on the menu regardless of price.

We ordered water and our sangria of course. He suggested the salpicon de mariscos as our appetizer which was delicious.  I ordered the zarzuela de mariscos and my husband ordered one of their shrimp dishes.   Their dinner rolls are fantastic and served with a very tasty house sauce.   Our food arrived promptly and needless to say that it was delicious.   The portions are very large and contained plenty of seafood.   

Wish I could have tried their desserts but was too full.   Next time we may order one to go!  Overall, we had a great experience, our waiter was fantastic, knowledgable, helpful and very nice.  We will absolutely be back!
Valenciana Paella is great
Food is ok - service is reliable, but isn't excellent, just speak up for yourself if you need something and they're happy to get it!  I love the Shrimp with Ajo and the croquetas for appetizers - my husband always get Paella, which I don't love - but he does.  Great sangria... And, when dinner is all said and done - DJ Salsa ... comes out and plays his tunes.  Great salsa, merengue, bachata and cumbia music - fun place after dinnertime.  Been going here a few times each year since 1997 and we'll be back!
The food was really exceptional. The bad reviews here are ridiculous; I swear, some people go into things just looking for something negative. Cheer up people. You'll know a real bad experience when you have one. The food here is outstanding. Service great. Underrated in my opinion
Bought the Groupon.  I dragged my husband there just so we could use it.  We were the only ones in there and the run down restaurant smelled - not appetizing I must say.  We were the only people in there the entire time on a weekend while the restaurant we could look at was packed.  A sure sign we were in trouble.  

Only 1 appetizer included although the Groupon claimed Appetizers, Entree and Sangria for 2 - deceiving.  The food was not good and when the bill came there was an extra 14.95 charge for I don't know what plus and automatic 20% gratuity that the horrid waiter didn't deserve.  My husband was right - don't buy Groupons!  Oh and my husband had the runs by the evening - Nice!  I felt off myself but didn't get what he did.
First time and last time there. Horrible and unfriendly staff, and if you want to see real flamenco dancing please do not waste your time and money to go there! the groupon offer they have is a complete sham! the food was mediocre at best, far too greasy and not cooked well. the sangria tasted like coloured sugar water! Overpriced menu and they wonder why it is half empty on a Friday night!
I bought the Groupon because I couldn't pass up sangria and flamenco.  My boyfriend and I love Spanish food and have passed this place up because of the terrible yelp reviews.  I was surprisingly shocked that the service was great, the food was good (if not a bit salty), and the sangria was delicious.  The flamenco is very loud and I recommend not sitting near the stage.  Even though I was pleasantly surprised, I don't think I would pay full price to go here again.
Wonderful gambon with pancetta appetizer, and the flamenco show - music and dancing, was most impressive.  The informality of inviting guests, including children, to try the dancing made for much fun. My husband who lived in Madrid for a while is an aficionado of flamenco, and he loved our evening there.  The decor etc. took us back to a flamenco show we stumbled on in Sevilla some years ago, quite nostalgic!   
Service slow so not giving 5 stars.
Terrible in every way, worse place I have eaten in recent memory and it is expensive.  This must be a front to launder money because I don't know how else they stay in business.
My boyfriend and I ate here because we had a Restaurant.com coupon, and it was possibly the most disappointing meal that I have ever eaten.  The food was bland and overpriced, it was worth maybe a third of what we paid for it (~$60 after the discount), not to mention the automatic 20% gratuity.  Could have spent $15 at In 'N Out and had a more fulfilling experience.
This review is solely based off of the the dancing at Pepins. I have not gone to eat there but as someone who has spent the majority of my life living in Baja California as well as spending many of my weekends in Tijuana, Mexico I'd like to think I am a good critic. It was very difficult to find a Salsa club in a good area that I would feel comfortable to leave my car in. After a friend of my mothers recommended Pepins. At first I was skeptical about it with all the terrible reviews and not many pictures or youtube videos on the club. I took the plunge and decided to spend my 22nd Birthday there. When I got there it looked a descent size it was the smallest salsa club I have ever been to and there weren't very many people but the music was great and the people there were great dancers. My friends are usually into the hip hop scene but they were willing to try it out. They were great sports and now they all want to take Salsa lessons. I had an absolute blast!!! If you are planning on going out to any club at all my advice is to chose the right people because even the fanciest places can be terrible with the wrong company.
Went in a long time ago.  Don't remember much except the place was dead at dinner time (I think there was one other couple) and the place looked pretty seedy.  Dad wasn't impressed with the paella.  

BUT.  I had the veal tenera casera.  I don't remember the exact taste--all I remember was that it was extraordinarily delicious.  Must return for this.
Found this place via Living Social and have been here several times since.  It's a classic Spanish Tapas joint.  It gets busy on the weekends when they have live entertainment and Flamenco dancers on the stage.  When that happens, it can get loud and crowded in the lower seating area next to the stage.  We sat there once and didn't like it....it was uncomfortable and The Better Half and I couldn't have a conversation because it was too loud.  It's worth checking out at least once though.

Over our visits, we've tried the following menu items:

Pan con Tomate, $9

Empanada Gallega, $9

Croquetas, $11

Spanish Sausage, $9

Peppers & Goat Cheese, $12

Spanish Fritatta, $8

Out of the bunch, my favorites are the Peppers and Goat Cheese, Empanada, and the Spanish Sausage.  The others are just OK.

The service here is hit/miss and the Wine selection is not very good.  There are a lot of Spanish Wines on the menu, but they didn't taste good...I've sampled many of them and ended up disappointed every time.

Overall, it's just an OK joint.

Return Factor - 50%
Went to Pepin with visitors and our Groupon. The food was fabulous and abundant. We started with a sampling of 4 tapas: mushrooms, mussels, calamari and one other which I can't  remember. All came out hot and deliciously flavored. Then came the seafood paella. Loaded with shrimp, mussels,and other fish on a bed of fluffy saffron seasoned rice. We went on a Thursday nite and sorry to say the restaurant was empty. Our waiter was friendly and gave us excellent advice on what dishes to order. The only negative and it has nothing to do with Pepin is the loud music coming from a bar a half a block south it the restaurant. This is a Scottsdale treasure to be savor end and enjoyed.
ONE STAR DINNER - I wish I could give this a higher rating. The 2nd star is ONLY for the flamenco show, which was fun, and a little 3-yr-old flamenco dancer stole the show.

We used the Entertainment coupon, 2-for-1 dinner up to $20. "Greeted" at door by a sour-faced older white guy who made it VERY clear we were late for our reservation & he didn't approve. We noticed, however, that the seating was very empty, and even at the end of dinner, there was no one waiting for tables.

Friendly waiter, but got busy and never asked if we wanted another round of drinks even though my glass sat empty perched at the edge of the table. 

The sangria... Meh. I ordered it here about 5 years ago, it was better that night. Tonight it tasted like red wine, a little fruit juice, and water, as if it used to be iced down, but it melted. My husband agreed. I was going to order a different drink, but the waiter never asked. 

The meal - we didn't want paella, which is supposedly something they make decently. We got a steak and a chicken breast dish. The steak was "fine,' not good flavor but edible. My 2 boneless chicken breasts were perfectly uniform under a mushroom sauce. The mushrooms were sadly just canned, button mushrooms - I expected savory sauteed mushrooms, I got a weird pickled twang. The chicken was WEIRD. Reminded me of institutional cafeteria food, couldn't place it. After two bites, I quit. My husband tried it - they were so "uniform" because they were like large un-breaded McNuggets - like pressed chicken, we think. GROSS.  The cookedveggies were actually fresh, but sadly doused in so much garlic powder I couldn't do more than a few bites. 

Even though I didn't eat the chicken dinner, no point in asking for a refund, since it was the $20 of the 2-for-1 (although the coupon does charge 18% gratuity on full price before discount, so the waiter got a couple of extra pity bucks. it's gotta suck to serve such bad food). 

SUMMARY: I cringe to say this, but that was the worst dinner I've had in a LONG time. ONLY GO FOR THE SHOW!
Pepin has been around forever and the novelty of the flamenco dancing isn't enough to eclipse the otherwise only-okay food, high prices, and sometimes dodgy service. (Not to mention they're randomly-being-closed). 

The paella is really quite expensive, and unless they're dumping entire handfuls of saffron into each pan (they're not), it's pretty well over-priced. It's also essentially impossible to share, since it's a per-person charge, which is frustrating.

The crab and black rice croquettes were a pleasant surprise, I'll give them that, but service is typically slow, paella is typically only just decent, and overall, it's not really worth it beyond the initial novelty. (It's really dated inside, to boot.)

I prefer Tapas Papas Fritas up the road a bit, though they don't offer flamenco, but their food quality and service is generally much better.
Went on a groupon plus two others...very expensive...food plentiful but average, service average..never refilled water.  Made us get three checks because of groupon...automatic 20 percent tip...very loud..not many customers on a friday night.  This is the second time i have been there with a groupon.  First time was fun, friendly, full, lively...this time crappy.  Wont go back.
We went on a Tuesday night.  Although we expected it to be a slow night, aside from us, there were only 2 other customers who were there when we arrived around 6.  We sat ourselves.  As some of the reviews indicate, the restaurant does smell stale.  I really wanted to open a window to get some fresh air in there.  

Xavier, our waiter, came out.  He was excellent, and being from Barcelona himself, I wonder what he thinks about the food.  

We had the Groupon, so for our 3 tapas, we ordered the calamari (not bad/not the best I've ever had, but we finished it all), empanadas (more like an unusual calzone; this is still in our fridge 4 days later), and a fresh fish salad (that tasted a little too fishy; I added some lemon that came with calamari, and that helped).  The sangria was awesome (probably because it was quite strong--but that made for lots of happy feelings)!  :)  The paella tasted like it had instant rice with some fish added.  It wasn't the highlight of the meal.  We got the desserts boxed to go.  The desserts were great  (flan and cheesecake)!!!!  

Would I ever go without the Groupon?  No.  It would not be worth $100.  They really need to adjust their prices, clean up the restaurant/redecorate (as the 80s/90s are over), and get fresher food.  

They can definitely keep Xavier and the sangria though.  ;)
We went with Groupon, I was not excited because of bad reviews...but was pleasantly surprised.  The Food was very good, excellent service and a good overall experience.  
Worth a try.
We walked in on a Saturday night and were shocked to see a relatively empty house. There were basically two large groups and us. By the end of our dinner, however, the place was fairly full. Great location once you can find it. Pretty outdoors - I bet fall/spring dining on the patio is nice. 

We had a coupon and I did review the prices and menu prior to us going there. Based on previous experiences with these types of coupons, it's safe to say that restaurants offer them because they need to.

Décor - It IS dated but it's not as "gross" as some people posting here make it out to be. We didn't notice any odors other than that of the food.

Service - Rafael, the owner, greeted and seated us. Yes, he's dour but talk to the guy a little and you find he's quite friendly. As for our waitress, she was welcoming, helpful, quick and attendtive. There was another woman who served our food and she was equally warm and helpful.

Food - I admit I expected a little more because of the prices we were paying. We got one of the shrimp tapas that was very tasty along with crusty bread and aolli. My husband thought his paella was a little dry - indeed when it was being served, it was almost scraped out of the paella pan. It had a nice flavor though and he enjoyed it other than it being dry. I had the pork leg dinner which was very nicely done. I was afraid the "sour orange" would be the only flavor coming through but was pleasantly surprised to find the dish had a wonderul, well-rounded flavor with sour orange in the background. The meat was tender. The rice was flavorful and moist. The fresh veggies were expertly done and still had a snap to them. I hate it when restaurants overcook fresh veggies.

Sangria - We liked it but we don't have much to compare it to. I could taste the fresh mint in the background. It wasn't too wine-y and wasn't too juice-y. 

Atmosphere - We were there on a Saturday which meant live music and flamenco dancing. We were expecting a guy with a guitar and a girl dancing. What we got was an education on flamenco! I learned a lot from the head dancer's explanations.  

We'll return.
We've been to Pepin many times and have always experienced great food, friendly staff and a wonderful show. Because of this, when I saw a Groupon for Pepin, I purchased it - maybe this was our first mistake. We made our reservation and showed up early last night, 7/13, and it wasn't very busy, but that's Arizona in July. The server was very nice and the tapas were okay, but the paella was not good at all. Let's be clear, I've had the paella here many, many times and it's one of my favorites. Not the case last night. It was the Paella De Pescado y Marisco, normally my favorite, tasted old, not fresh. My husband made the comment "maybe that's the paella you get with the Groupon". Since Pepin offers the Groupon, you should receive the same quality of food. I didn't ask them for a discounted meal, they offered it on Groupon. We left and didn't feel good the rest of the night, woke up this morning not feeling well either. My husband and I split 3 tapas and the paella, so we both had the same food. I know it's not food poisoning, the sick feeling kicked in too fast. I think it was just not fresh, or sitting out a bit too long, who knows. I do know that I'm extremely disappointed because I've loved this place for so long. I don't know if we'll be back, which is very sad.
I have only good things to say about Pepin.  My friend and I used a Living Social deal and we had a great time.  The waiter Xavier was so good to explain the menu.  I had the paella and my friend has steak.  We love love loved the food.  We had more than we could eat and the leftovers made an excellent meal the day after.
The place is a bit hidden.  It looks out over the Scottsdale Mall, a grassy area that is next to the Scottsdale Center for the Arts and the iconic LOVE sculpture. 
Give them a try.
Atmosphere: old and run down, very loud flamenco dancing. Service: nothing special and she overcharged us by double. Still waiting on the manager to correct this mistake two months later. Food: meh. Bland, and waaaay overpriced. The mushroom appetizer has a nice sauce though.  We will definitely NOT be back.  I agree with the other commenters that this place needs an overhaul not more Groupons!  PS This review has been in my drafts for a while. Went to Pepin in the summer of '12.
After reading some reviews we were a little hesitant to go, but we had been invited to a friends birthday party there so we decided to go. We were pleasantly surprised. While the comments regarding the somewhat well worn appearance of the facility are more or less accurate, we had no problems with the food or service. Restrooms were worn, but clean. Our waitress, Laticia, was friendly and attentive. She worked her heart out, serving 3 or more large groups including ours. European style, she took drink and food orders as people arrived, so while she was delivering one order she would take the orders from the new arrivals, and clear the place of those who had finished. We had the calamari appetizer, then I had shrimp, and my friend had paella. The food was quite good, although it would have been better to have had butter with the bread. All the spreads and dips we had were a variation of the same mayonnaise based concoction. Good enough, but still. . .  No cover charge, so it's obvious that the food price includes the cost of the entertainment .  The entertainment was very Spanish, flamenco music and dancers, something you don't see everywhere. It's the sort of place we were glad we went, but for us It's one of those once every couple of years or so place.
This place sucked! Bland food and horrible service. For the amount of money we paid, I would think that we would have been treated much better. In addition the waitress over charged us, and she added a 20% gratuity for a party of two. I would avoid this location at all cost.
Too bad can't indicate zero. Used a Groupon. Food was poor, service indifferent.  Decor takes you back to the 80s but not in a good way (like a banquet hall of a Holiday Inn in Muncie Indiana).  Had fun surprise of additional charges on my credit card which I had to dispute.  

If you want good tapas / Spanish food, go to Tapas Papas Fritas.
My boyfriend and I purchased a Groupon that provided one appetizer, two entrées and a small pitcher of sangria. We got to choose between red and white sangria so we picked the red which was delicious. We each ordered the "pollo pepin" which was a dish consisting of chicken strips in a type of tobasco sauce. I also ordered vegetable soup which tasted good, but seemed very similar to something made by campbells.  To be honest, I could cook a home meal that is much better than the one we ate there. However, the meal is really not what you're paying for at Pepin. we went for the atmosphere and the live dancing entertainment and had a great evening. The service was also quick and our waitress was highly attentive. If the food had been more impressive than it would have been worth returning without the Groupon deal.
We also went on the Groupon deal..the food was ok, I wasn't blow away.  I've had better tapas in the Valley.  We tried the surf and turf meal and the negro paella.  The bathroom was akin to a gas station's...sketch.  The entertainment was a little loud for my preference and we were probably at the farthest table from the stage.  I liked the Red Sangria :).
Last time we were there it was Valentine's Day. We enjoyed the home-style atmosphere. The interior is a little dated and worn, but it reminds me of my travels to Central American Spanish restaurants. 
The service was fine. The owner was available and checked-in on guests. (Which may have been because of the poor reviews of late) 
The reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of the scrumptious Paella that we had and the delicious Red Sangria. 
We are returning tomorrow evening with the Groupon deal. I will let you know!
This place did not make a good impression at all! I was really looking forward to taking my girlfriend to this place but the excitement died as I tried to open the door for my girlfriend and it was locked so unfortunately the other door did open... felt like it was the beginning to an episode of kitchen Nightmares! We sat down at our table and we were served some bread with some "garlic butter" or so we thought until we tasted it and both wondered what it was. As we were looking at their menu and talking about ordering a seafood dish that is served raw, we began to realize that the "garlic butter" was actually rancid mayonnaise! It was disgusting and we couldn't get the nasty taste out of our mouths for a long time. My girlfriend and I decided that neither one of us wanted to spend the weekend being sick from food poisoning and decided to eat elsewhere. The dancing was a bit less then we expected but I don't want to take anything away from the one lady dancing or from the guitar player... they were good! I wouldn't suggest taking a date to this place unless you don't like them!
Went for the Latin/Salsa nights advertised on the website.  I think the DJ played maybe 6 Latin songs, one salsa, a few merenge, some reggaeton and then it all went to hell.  I think some of the patrons requested some not so "Latin" music and next thing you know, it was time for "let me take a selfie".  I can see why the crowd was so small since they likely do not stick to the advertised music.  I wrote the DJ a note, "It is Latin/Salsa night, you should play that sh** meng" with an unhappy face.

I doubt I'll be back.  Although for those few songs, it was fun.
Totally agreed with the reviewer that mentioned that this place had a distinct foreign flavor.  Barcelona without the plane ticket, I'd say.  Stopped in on the way to SMOCA for a drink and stumbled upon happy hour.  Yummy tapas, futbol on the telly, and the owner served us himself at the bar.  Lovely, wonderful man who takes great pride in his heritage and food.  The sweetbreads are simply not to be missed.

Very friendly staff, and deserves to be recognized as "the real thing".
If it was not for the coupons we would not have gone, bland food, overpriced and poor service!
Interesting place. I used to study in Spain and thought some of the food was pretty good...rest was bland. Sangria had one little orange slice. Water waitress wouldn't leave us alone. She must have come to our table 15 times to fill up our water glasses, even if they were still full. Another waiter was trying to clear everything off of our table at rapid speed. I felt rushed even though it was empty on a Saturday night.


I had an expired Groupon that I was going to use paid value for. My aunt had a coupon from entertainment book for one free entrée, however we weren't allowed to use coupon. My aunt tried to explain to manager that the groupon wasn't a coupon since it expired. We were just using it as cash value. However, he failed to understand and was rude.

Oh, and food was overpriced in relation to decor and service.
Loved this place! It was our last day of our semi-crazy Vegas weekend with my brother and cousins and decided to stop off at a place to eat with no crazy lines so off the strip we went in search of a long shot. Our guess totally paid off! We ordered too much food, but it was worth it. The pupusas are filling and tastey. Shrimp cocktail was awesome! I forget what my bro and cousins had, but they all loved it. Everything we ordered was soooo good! The server was nice and jokes around with us a bit. They have a jukebox with lots of old and new music and they didn't seem to mind us singing to the songs! We didn't have a problem until my cousin thought she ordered a Salvadoran relleno de papa and instead she got a Guatemalan relleno de papa which is TOTALLY different. I don't remember if it was specified on the menu or not, but if not, then it was our mistake. Just make sure you ask them to clarify because some countries make the same things with different names or different things with same names.
I ordered the carne guisada for 10 dollars and enjoyed it very much. I took about half of it home because we ordered so much food! I also got some well flavored black beans and white rice on my plate as well as some Russian salad. I have never had it before so I don't have much to compare it to. I would describe it as big chunks of slow cooked beef with some root vegetables. Very comforting.

 The food has a very home cooked taste to it so naturally everything is delicious. I got to try some of the pupusas as well, they are very tasty; the pickled veggie topping that normally comes with them is ok but not the best I have had. 

Things did take a bit of time to come out, but our waitress told us it would be 20 minutes. No problem with me as long as it's got that home cooked flavor!
This review was meant to be written 3 weeks ago...here it goes..
on the Guatemalan side, we ordered:
Pupusa: like a tortilla with white looking cheese on top.  Nothing special.  Was very filling...but not in a good way.  Annie said she usually gets the one with pork, but they didn't have it at this restaurant
Taquitos:  with shredded pork.  aight.
Tamale:  real chicken, with bones!  this was good.
Sopa de siete mares:  lacks flavor...I took a sip and didn't bother for more
horchata:  tasted too earthy for me.  I am used to the mexican version.  
hot maiz drink:  first few sips were good...then I got a headache...

I don't know what happened here, but maybe it's just the food that we ordered, but I don't think I will be coming back

Sorry :(
I met my wife for dinner the other day. El Santaneco is close to my work and across from her school (UNLV), so we decided to give El Santaneco a try.

I ordered the chile relleno de carne de puerco. It was pretty decent.

My wife got the pupusas with chicken and potatoes. She's a big fan of pupusas and was happy to find a convenient place serving them up. She said she's had better, but they're good enough to satisfy her craving. Unfortunately, they did not have flan which was listed on the menu and is her favorite, so that craving was unfulfilled.

We were given the requisite chips and salsa. The chips kind of seemed like half of them were store bought and half were homemade. The salsa was orangish. It was good and interesting. it reminded me of a cross between chicken broth and tomato soup.

The waitress barely spoke English and we speak minimal Spanish, but we got along okay.
Been coming here for the last few years, every so often for lunch. This place offers a mix of Mexican, Guatemalan and Salvadorian food. But I've only tried a few things over and over.. Their Pupusas! If your not familiar, Pupusas are a traditional Salvadorian dish that consists of a handmade corn tortilla and then stuffed with one or more ingredients. It llooks like a thick/stuffed white corn tortilla. If you've never had it, try it, they're great!

My usual order:

(Complimentary) Chips and Black Bean (sprinkled with a little queso) Dip.  I love black beans and they aren't that common. They come warm, creamy, a little salty. 

Revueltas Pupusa (pork, bean and cheese): The pork is grounded so it wasn't chunky,, beans were mashed, and the cheese just melted it all together like a thin spread. The pork had a nice flavor, just enough to taste it. Beans were creamy and Cheese had a mild bite. This was my favorite of all the Pupusa's I've tried here. 

Queso Y Frijol (cheese and beans): I love bean and cheese burritos, so this just made sense! 

Queso (cheese): Plain ol' cheese, Sometimes simple goes a long way!

*Pupusa's always come with 2 condiments (Curtido and Salsa Roja) that are mandatory to add with every bite. Curtido is thinly sliced cabbage, carrots and onions.. that's been pickled of some sort. Salsa Roja is a orange/red color sauce that resembles chili but it isn't spicy. it is more like a seasoned tomato sauce. My method is to pour the Curtido on top of the whole Pupusa then pour the Salsa Roja over that. SOO GOOOD!!

The staff here always seemed to be in a good mood, polite and kept a smile =D. Prices are very reasonable and they have a special on monday's and wednesdays for 99 cent Pupusas. Super deal! Place was always bumpin' the jams like reggaeton, spanish dance.. Like really loud sometimes! Never bothered me but had to throw that in! So, if you want something other than tacos or quesadillas then I say try these bad boys!
I love this place! It is inexpensive. I went here with four friends and we all ate a lot of food for about 30 dollars. I came back later with my boyfriend and the two of us ate for around 15 dollars.  I love their breakfast platters and their pupusas. It is just good all around Central American food. Every time I go to Vegas I make sure to come and eat here :)
Pupusas! That's all I had when I went here for lunch today. Frankly, it's all I need to be a fan of this place. You'll pay $2.25-$2.50 for the ones with any sort of substance in them i.e. chicken or shrimp or fish. After just a chicken and a shrimp pupusa, I was surprisingly full.

Ignore the sign on the window that says 99c Pupusas. It's misleading. On Mondays and Wednesdays, you can get pupusas for 99c, but you have to order 10 of them. So really, it's 10 pupusas for $9.90. Maths is hard. Yes, I said maths.
I give the pupusas revueltas 5 stars but the restaurants decor has got. to. go. I was also confused at what the name of this place was because the have like 3 different names on the menu. 

This is a hole in the wall place so naturally I wouldn't expect the decor to be lavish but this place sure could use some decluttering. 

The food, on the otherhand, was DELICIOUS!!!
A bit tacky (plastic sheets on the tables) and a WAY too loud juke box, but the service was good.  The food is nothing special.
Not the best but good.  I ordered the steak nachos to go. The portion was large. Nothing more to say except average.
Papusas are great but they overcooked my tamale and it was dark and burnt overall pretty good
A great tapas place at the Fashion Show Mall.  Original location is in Chicago, the Vegas one has views of the Wynn.  Tapas are decent, but my opnion is skewed by a recent visit to A.O.C. in LA.  Everything pales in comparison.  Ba-Ba-Reeba *does* have some great sangrias, especially the passionfruit sangria.  The artisan cheese plate was a little boring, but the jamon serrano comes with an assortment of other meats and some tasty tomato bread.  If you want something hot and comforting, the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce is delicous and comes with little pesto-topped toasts.  Although it was my first gazpacho experience, the Ba-Ba-Reeba bowl was so flavorful I'm hooked.  Cold soup rocks!  By far the best offering was the mini desserts menu, featuring small plates of yummy bites, all for $2.  The coconut bread pudding is divine, and little ice cream shots with drizzles of matching liqueurs go down sweet and smooth.
The food is excellent, but the plates are incredible small! It was a challenge to eat off of a plate that was a quarter of the size of the utensils, but when good food is around I guess you can do anything. 

I have been to both the Chicago location and now the Vegas location and both have excellent food and sangria! I can't remember everything we ordered (uhh, we were in Vegas!), but I know I enjoyed the stuffed mushrooms and the beef tenderloin and blue cheese. I also know I was very excited about the $1.99 dessert menu (the banana dessert and the chocolate truffle were good!). 

If you like tapas, this is a good place to go for a reasonably priced meal when you're in Vegas!
Mediocre tapas. Also, the inside of the restaurant was uncomfortably hot on a scorching day and when I complained to the waitress, she told me that's how they keep it.

We ended up eating outside. Servive was slow. A potato dish with no fish tasted fishy.

It seems that Las Vegas still only has one tapas place -- Firefly.
Another tapas experience in Las Vegas.  Located right on the strip, take a seat outside so you can enjoy the constant changing screens of the Wynn Hotel and, of course, people watch.

Late lunch and we order the Traditional Gazpacho Soup (gazpacho tradicional); the Beef Tenderloin Toro Brocheta (parsley garlic oil brocheta de solomillo); and the White Anchovies, Avocado & Peppers (boquerones con aguacate).  We attempted to order the Fried Green Peppers & Coarse Salt (pimientos fritos), but they were out already.  

The Gazpacho was light and cooling.  When brought to your table, you can choose if you want a few toppings added to it or not.  The anchovies were very tasty.  My only complaint was that there wasn't enough anchovies and too much of the avocado stuff instead.  The toro brocheta was especially enhanced by the tasty green sauce that accompanied it.  (My dining companion was surprised that they didn't ask us how we wanted our beef.)  Without the sauce, it would be a bit dry.  The sauce really gave it a punch.  (I requested more so I could dunk my bread in it.)
 
Dessert - we ordered the Banana (caramelized banana, vanilla ice cream aka platano al caramelo); the Strawberries (sour cream foam aka fresa con espuma de crema); and the Chocolate (white chocolate soup aka sopa de chocolate blanco).  With these desserts only be $1.99, you don't feel bad ordering a bunch of them.  Then again, they are super small.  Big enough to share with one other person only if you order more than one.  The Banana was nicely caramelized with caramel sauce and cooling ice cream.  The Strawberries were a bit too tart for me, and tasted much better when mixed with the Chocolate dish.  I think the idea of a white chocolate soup is divine.  With little rice crispies on the top and tiny pieces of pineapple on the bottom, it's a refreshing dessert.  (Was there a hint of coconut in it?)

Overall, with my limited dining experience at Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, I would give it only three stars.  It was a decent place for tapas, but not extraordinary.  Portion sizes are on the smaller end and I would hate to think of trying to share my sardines or gazpacho dish with more than one dining companion.

I did particularly enjoy just sitting out front and enjoying my leisurely lunch on the strip.  Having such late lunches, there are no crowds to deal with and you can enjoy yourself so much more.  As always, having fabulous company always makes it that much better.

Update! 
They offer a weekday (M-F) happy hour from 4 pm to 7 pm.  $3 tapas at the bar and half off sangria!
first time eating spanish food and tapas!  some good stuff here!  i suggest skipping the entrees and just order a bunch of tapas, especially  if you have a larger party.  you'll get a good sampling of a lot of dishes like it's dim sum, lol.  make sure to also order a pitcher of sangria!
I went here with a group of friends, and found the place to be a good choice for a small group dinner.  It was at night, and the the atmosphere and view was nice.

My boyfriend and I have never been to this type of restuarant before, so we weren't sure what to order.  Our friend suggested the paella and some meat dish.  We loved loved loved the paella.  I've never had it before so I don't have much comparison but it was very good.  My only wish was that the lobster in it could've been bigger and they charge more for the dish.  As for the meat dish, it wasn't very good....that's why I don't remember what it was called.  My boyfriend said it was something his mom can make (hehe...apparently his mom can't cook).

Overall it's a nice place and the food is decent.
I got here at 4pm on a weekday in Dec 2006 and maybe I had the skeleton staff because service really sucked ass. No smile. No checking back. Wrong orders. You gotta be kidding me.

The gazpacho was good but not extraordinary and to my surprise, the waiter didn't even know what kind of olives I was being served. The sangria was good but... honestly... my glass was more ICE than it was DRINK.

So sad because 4 years ago I ate at Babareeba in Chicago and had such an amazing experience. Fun, lively, great food, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. I talked about it for the following week!

Going into the Las Vegas restaurant and asking a simple question about what kind of olives are in the olive appetizer and getting a blank stare as an answer was just the beginning of a disappointing experience.
If you are after a tourist trap, over- priced on the strip kinda place then Cafe Ba Ba Reeba is for you. Nice looking place, great location however horrible service and mediocre food.  Service was very slow, lots of managers looking on however the wait staff seemed to be non-exsistant.  Our drinks were served wrong then our dinner was served COLD, it was supposed to be hot.   The waiter never once checked back on us AND we had to ask a bus boy to get our check for us.  I'm a big fan of tapas and should have gone to Firefly instead!
Ok so here's the deal with BaBaReeba's. I've been going there since they first opened. I was excited to know that we were gonna have a Tapas place. So It's on the corner of the outside of Fashion Show Mall next To Ra Sushi and Capital Grill.  This is a Spanish Restaurant. I watched people walk out because they didn't understand the menu or they were looking for Enchilada Especial...WHITE PEOPLE....THIS IS A SPANISH RESTAURANT. SPANISH  DOES NOT EQUAL MEXICAN....So of course BaBaReeba's changed their menu to better suit the Vegas crowd. They added Mmmm mmmm Entrees. I do miss a lot of tapas that they removed. But the entrees aren't bad.  They have the cold and hot tapas menus ranging from the Gazpacho soup - to the stuffed mushrooms, the cold platter with ham, chorizo, manchego, and olives with toast with a fresh tomato puree. Mmmm....
The paella isn't bad. They also have skewers of meats to select from and a caldera....Mmmm Different meats, seafood, etc. The Caldera is pretty salty - if you can't handle it, I'd stay clear. Desserts. are cute little morsels that a big guy like me can chew like a stick of gum. But otherwise delicious. The different spanish wines and sangrias are great. I actually took one of their Passion Fruit Sangria and made a few changes to make it my own. 
So Babareeba's offers paella cooking classes, happy hours, wine tastings, scotch tastings, flamenco dancing, and special guest bands. It's pretty cool. I can definitely stay there for hours and chit chat about things. Never had a problem with service - but you know some times you get a bad batch of employees. I agree with the Firefly. Very good, but sometimes I can't hear myself there. It gets a little crowded. But this place...decent. Try it....you may like it.
My partner and I went to Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba on our last night in Las Vegas because it had been recommended to me by a friend who visited recently.  The wait for an inside table was 30 minutes, but they had patio warmers outside so we were seated immediately - and we were toasty warm throughout our meal!

The service was excellent.  Not only did our waiter keep our glasses filled, but when he noticed we were running low on sangria, he suggested another half-pitcher.  When I asked about vegetarian options, he went over the entire menu with me and pointed everything out.  He brought all of our food out as it was ready, which is a great way to have tapas - you can nibble on each dish while you're waiting for the next one.

The food was quite good.  I am normally very picky, but I really enjoyed everything I ordered!  I recommend the spiced "brave" potatoes (they are actually new potatoes) and the potato-and-onion omelette which came with a great sauce.  We had two half-pitchers of the passionfruit sangria and really liked it - we are not normally sangria fans but this one was great!  And best of all, the entire place was reasonably priced.

We had a great time at Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba and I definitely recommend it to anyone visiting the Strip area of Las Vegas.
This place has amazing tapas. Don't get suckered into the entree dishes that were put there for dumb ass tourists who don't get the tapas thing. The empanadas are amazing, as are the bacon wrapped dates and the pasilla peppers.  All three are MUST haves at this place.  We also like the chicken and artichoke hearts paella, the goat cheese app, and shrimp in olive oil and red peppers.  Oh yeah, the Sangria rocks!
Best Spanish Restaurant in America (that I've found thus far).

Seriously everything is to die for and the Sangria is amazing. Lobster Paella, Garlic Shrimp, Dates wrapped in Bacon... EVERYTHING!!!

Seriously I LOVE everything about this place... the ambiance, the music, service, the food and the wine list! 

Another great plus: PAELLA COOKING CLASSES
About once a month on Saturdays they have this class where they teach you how to make paella and various tapas. You get to try everything they make for you and you get to take a cookbook home with all the recipes. The class is at 10AM... it's hard not to go hungover from the debaucheries of the night before in Vegas, but it's well worth it!!
Part of the Lettuce Entertain You group of restaurants, Cafe Ba Ba Reeba started out in Chicago, then opened a branch in Las Vegas.  It specializes in tapas.  Originally intended as bar snacks, the term now refers to small portions of food (at least in the United States).  Choose a few and you have a meal; choose a bunch and you have a meal for a group of friends.

In addition to tapas, the menu offers paella and a few other items, but tapas are the stars. There are more than 50 choices, plus another dozen desserts.  Cold tapas include serrano ham, olives and chicken salad; hot tapas include octopus, empanadas and roast dates with bacon.

The inside dining areas are dark: dark stained wood flooring, dark wood tables, moderate lighting.  Loud guitar music plays; a Flamenco version of "California Dreamin'" was one of the more unusual selections.  The outside area, facing the strip, seemed much more inviting, but it was too hot outside for me.  Service was prompt; I ordered tapas one at a time, and they arrived pretty quickly.

At Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, tapas have been supersized.  A typical dish could serve as a small appetizer for four people, or as an hors d'oeuvre for even more people.  I was hard pressed to finish just three plates.  Serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese also included triangles of toasted bread with chopped tomato on top.  Both the cheese and meats were thinly sliced, and very strongly flavored.  A winner.  It wasn't finger food, definitely requiring a knife and fork, but was big enough that it would best be split several ways.

Roast dates with bacon and apple vinaigrette was an interesting dish.  Small dates (or perhaps halves of large dates) were wrapped in bacon, then grilled until the bacon was crispy and the dates were very chewy.  A small amount of vinaigrette was poured on top.  It was an unusual combination of sweet, salty, sour and fatty tastes.

Grilled squid in olive oil and garlic consisted of large pieces of squid (both body and tentacles) sauted in olive oil.  Barely cooked through, the squid was still tender.  It was a little oily, but I liked it.



The food was OK, but as a solo diner I didn't really enjoy myself.  The supposedly tapa sized portions are actually quite large, and not conducive to ordering many dishes if one is dining alone.  I think it would be more fun with a group, at one of the outdoor tables.
Sometimes when I think I can't go on with the heat in Las Vegas, I go to the mall. I went yesterday with my American Express and the air conditioning. It was nice to get out of the heat and into some retail therapy. 
Cafe Ba-Ba Reeba is a wonderful Tapas place at the Mall. Yes, our mall is better than yours. 
Actually I hate malls, but I really can't be that mad at this one because there is so much fun stuff there! 
Ba Ba Reeba is more expensive than other tapas places in town, due to its location, but I always seem to eat vegetarian here and so its a little less expensive. If and when it is under a 100 degrees outside,  I like the patio because of the pretty view to Wynn, but inside is really pretty also.
Everything I tried here was pretty good.  But, considering that I love the whole idea of tapas and we probably sampled 9-10 items, pretty good isn't enough to make me go back. 
None of the dishes were bad, but only one of them (serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese) was good enough for me to want again.  
Service was pleasant and the patio location was very nice for people-watching on the strip, but there is so much competition in this town for my food dollar, that I will keep looking.
This tapas restaurant by way of Chicago offers  priced Sangria and an assortment of $3 appetizers in the bar area on weekdays from 4-7PM.  Our waitress also served as bartender so service tended to be on the slow side.  We started off with a carafe of red sangria ($10) and a chicken empanada (3 Stars, $3) served with what tasted like mustard spiked mayonnaise.  Our next round included a tiny portion of seafood salad (1.5 Stars, $3) and a large portion of spicy potatoes with tomato aioli (3 Stars, $3).  Meanwhile we kept working on the Sangria while enjoying the bar scene.  It was at this point that we decided we were not going to be in the mood for a full meal so we asked the waitress/bartender if we could use the Restaurant.com certificate for the Sangria and appetizers.  Not a problem said my now much more efficient waitress. As the bewitching hour of 7PM approached we quickly requested the Serrano ham and tomato bread tapas. (0.5 Stars, $3)  I did a quick calculation using the Dewey Decimal System and determined we were going to have a difficult time reaching the $35 minimum required for use of the Restaurant.com certificate so we ordered the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce tapas (5 Stars, $7).  We were now satiated and ready to quit, but we ordered 2 mini desserts, coconut bread pudding with sorbet and a truffle chocolate cake (2.5 Stars, $4).  Based on my updated calculations we were still nominally short of the requirement, but I asked the waitress for the bill - wow 14 cents to the good.
Ah, Ba-Ba Reeba, how I love your happy hour.....Half price sangria, $3 tapas, yummy grilled squid, great decor and atmosphere, great bar service........
I don't bother going for lunch or dinner, however. Tapas in general are over-priced and I'm not into paella.
Loved this place...our waiter was hot and funny.....the tequila shots before dinner were strong and stiff.... and the food was great... really enjoyed the stuffed mushrooms..and the cheese platter and olive plate...

Good times....
The man and I needed to refuel after a long day of shopping. By refuel I mean getting back that necessary Vegas buzz of shop, drink, drink, shop.......
     We were here at happy hour and it was well worth it. The margaritas were yummy were mixed right. We indulged in the $3 yummies. We ordered the meatball and the mushroom empanada. The meat balls were served in a Spanish style tomato sauce with potatoes. The meat ball was very moist. The empanada was excellent. The crust was flaky and the mushroom filling went very well with the aioli. The portions looked small but were quite filling.  The only drawback was that the bartender needed  more help. It wasn't super busy but I felt the service would have been much better if he had a hand.
We ended up here by accident after another restaurant we had planned to eat at  had a wait estimated at over an hour.  The food was not bad, but there were so many people in the place, with a dj pumping somewhat obnoxious pop songs, that the ambiance became more of a factor than one would have hoped.  We had a party of 8 and ordered 2 tapas apiece.  The waitress was really pushy when we ordered the 2 person paella, saying that we'd only each get a biteful.  That was our intention, and frankly I can't imagine why anyone would want more than a spoonful of it.  To put it kindly it was underwhelming.  She was pushing the bigger sized paella that was $40.  I'm sorry but you ought to be ashamed of yourself charging that much for RICE.  Try the dates wrapped in bacon, as another reviewer suggested.  Better than other tapas places I've been to, but I'm not sure that we'll be back any time soon.
Let me start by saying how much I hate Las Vegas but am forced to attend an annual conference there. In this city of waste, it is hard to get past worrying that by the time you get home, all of the natural resources of the planet will have been used up. 

One of the few bright spots is Babareeba. I was introduced to this fun spot by a friend a few years ago and keep going back. Crazy for their white sangria. The bits of fruit are a delicious touch. The small plates are great and really enough to share. The food is tasty and delivered quickly. My favorite this time around was an empanada with goat cheese and raisins. Fantastic! 

A nice pairing of this cafe is to visit the Guggenheim exhibit across the street inside the Venetian. You can almost forget it is Vegas...
Went here my first day in Vegas in February with a friend.

We ordered a little bit of everything: 
* mushroom empanadas, 
* baby spinach salad, chorizo bits, piquillo peppers and egg
* seared spanish sausages - chorizo, txistorra, butifarra & morcilla
* salmon, artichoke & fennel confit
* skewered chicken & chorizo sausage

Everything was absolutely delicious.  A great lunch.  Service was fabulous.  Very attentive.  It was crowded at 3 p.m. and we still got great service with a busy afternoon.

Our bill was $70, without the tip, but it was all well-worth it because it was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.

Everyone should stop by while in Vegas.
We ordered and I drank a lot of our full pitcher of Black Raspberry Sangria, so I'm hoping that what I remember about this dinner is accurate.  =)   I know that the sangria was pretty tasty.  They had a good baked crab & shrimp dip, house marinated olives is an assortment of 3-4 different olives, and the chicken empanadas were yummy.  We ordered a bunch of tapas and everything was delicious.  A table near us order paella and it looked pretty good and didn't last long, so I'll try that next time.
I liked this place very much. I wish we had one of these in DC instead of subpar chains like La Tasca and Jaleo.

The sangria was delicious - we ordered a pitcher of the Passion Fruit and couldn't stop raving about it. And all the tapas dishes we got were absolutely delicious. My favorite were the spicy potatoes with the tomato aioli - so good we got a second order. The skewered shrimp were also remarkably tasty. .

I also had a bowl of the gaspacho - it was very like the kind I'd had in Mexico. 

Service was pretty good, perhaps a tad slow, but it was a lazy Sunday afternoon so we were happy to just sit and chat without being rushed.

Can't speak for the paella - none of us like it so we didn't order any.
Conveniently located across the street from the Wynn Resort in the Fashion Mall, this joint is hands down the number one lunch spot for me.  After a heavy night drinking and partying, what's better than to fill up again with a cold pitcher of black raspberry sangria and small plate-size tapas to re-energize yourself for another round at the pool or craps table.  The menu is quite extensive and divided into cold and hot dishes.  I recommend the following:

HOT DISHES:
-Chicken and chorizo sausage skewers (this is the bomb)
-Squid a la plancha with olive oil and garlic (dip your table bread in this oil as well)
-Roasted dates wrapped in bacon (this is a must have)
-Fried padron peppers and course salt

COLD DISHES:
-Serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese
-Roast eggplant salad with goat cheese
-House marinated olives

DESSERT:
-You have to try the almond and banana ice cream desserts....and I don't care how full you are cuz they cost almost nothing and are damn good!

I came here one night to have the paella and thought it was good but nothing to get excited about.  I recommend you order the tapas items I suggested above instead if it's your first time.

The website includes the full menu if you want to explore for yourself:
http://www.cafebabareeba.com/vegas/
After really enjoying Firefly, my friends and I decided to try Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba.  We were pretty disappointed... smaller portions, not as good, and higher priced than Firefly.  And it was pretty dead in there, too.  Thanks, we'll stick to Firefly.
Fantastic tapas. We ate some cold and some hot dishes and they were fantastic. Good sangrias, too.
This is Spanish, NOT Mexican like some others have mistakenly mentioned.  Extensive menu of tapas averaging about $7.50-12 each plate; very few on the lower and higher end of that range.  About 4-6 for two people is what is recommended... so that gives you an idea of how much it will run you.  The portions were quite large for tapas, from looking at the other tables, so it's not totally overpriced.  We got an order of the Mix Paella (serves 2-3) of chicken, pork, sausage, green beans for $26.  It wasn't mentioned on the list, but we also got shrimps mixed in which was nice.  The waiter told us paella takes about 25 minutes to cook; we were starving and ended up getting a basket of bread four times during that period.  They kept refilling it no problem along with our drinks.  Great prompt service.
This place was okay.  First of all, we had a reservation for 12 at 8:30pm.  Okay, we were there at 8:25pm and we waited an additional 20 minutes for them to put our table together.  The hostess kept saying 5 minutes, 5 minutes....and we sat down 20 minutes later.  

The food was okay.  I did only have their mushroom soup, which I enjoyed but it was quite salty.  We specifically told our server that we needed to be out of there by 10pm, and I felt like she didn't really care whether or not we were out by 10pm.  

Not so sure if I'd come back here again.  Maybe for a snack before/after shopping, but never again for dinner - especially when I plan on going someplace else after.
So I figured Vegas would be a good place to watch the fireworks on Independence Day.... in 104 heat...

The misters outside suckered me into this place.... however, where ever I sat...they stopped working...

So I moved inside. The waitress was great, the sangria was one of the best I ever had, but other than that...the food was so-so and as for the dessert....you could easiliy confuse it with a candybar that melted on a small plate. Um, no thanks. 

I'm starting to wonder if the whole point of tapas is that everything is so average that nothing is outstanding?
Awesome Happy Hour!

We came here at the tail end of our time in Vegas, if only we had found it sooner! Loved the Sangria, I tried the one with frangelico and it wasn't my bag so the server let me switch to the house white sangria. It was sweet, fruity and very refreshing on such a hot day. A steal at $3 a glass, so I had 4. We should have just gotten a pitcher.

We also had practically everything on the Happy Hour menu, some standouts for me where the bacon covered dates, the chicken and chorizo skewers and the spiced potatoes with tomato aioli. Yummmmmmers! I do wish they had lighter and fresher choices like say a ceviche. The seafood salad was close but could have used more salt and lemon. Also more veggie options would be good, the mushroom empanada was good - but very heavy.

I had the the coconut almond cake and apple crumble for dessert. I have to say the coconut almond cake was really delicious.

Considering we paid as much for 2 appetizers at Social House the night before, $50 for 2 people to eat some tasty treats to their hearts contents was Alright by me!
This is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas.
It's got easy access, in spite of being on the strip.

They have awesome sangria, good food - and a handful of vegetarian and vegan options. It's moderately priced (good for being on the strip).

I love their spicy potatoes!
I love the sangria and the paella! They have some great tapas! Fun with friends! I love the environment and the food is very yummy! Its a great place for dinner!
My favorite place in Vegas for a casual and fun dining experience with gal pals.  Sangria and tapas is the way to go - then head into the mall for some shopping!
I love tapas, and this place was pretty good!   Except I was a little sick, and drinking... so I don't remember much else to type anything more.
We had a 3:30 fly out of Vegas, so we decided to go and have a quick lunch.
We had the 4 different tapas (the ones recommended by the menu) and were outstanding, I wanted to try the Paella but i was the only one who want it and is recommended for 2 or more people and I didnt know if at the airport they would allow me to have restaurant left over, so we decided to have just the tapas, the sangria is great and I had 2 mojitos which were really good.
All and all, great food and drinks, we'll go back again and try different food.
I went to Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba for light lunch and the famous sangria recommended by fellow yelpers. I sat in the patio where breezes from Wynn accompanied me during this warm afternoon. I absolutely love my Peach sangria which was more fruity and sweet compared to my friend's raspberry sangria which tasted more red wine. For tapas, we ordered seared sea scallops and chicken & ham croquettes. The scallops were good, crispy and have nice texture and favors. The croquettes and sauce made good toppings with the complementary bread. (See food in my pics) 

I want to thank the waiter and manager who served my table and made this a five star experience. After drinking much sangria, I dropped some croquettes sauce on my white top while I was eating it with the bread. I asked the waiter if it would be possible for me to clean the mess when I asked for the bill. He told me I should try using soda water. To my surprise, he actually came back later on and brought a table cloth with soda water and let me try to remove the spot. Service does make a difference in a place like Las Vegas where good restaurants are everywhere. Thank you Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba!
A friend of mine gave me the tip of Cafe Ba Ba Reeba's Happy Hour so my husband and I looking for a place to grab some dinner on Friday night went with my friends suggestion. Half Price Tapas and Pitchers of Sangria in the bar area. 

We ordered a butt load of apps and I had two Sangria's for less than 25 bucks. It was a steal. There was probably only one tapas dish that I didn't particularly care for but for the price...I would definitely recommend the Happy Hour and I would definitely go back. 

Cozy atmosphere and great service.
We went here expecting a light lunch, but came out being stuffed! It was my first time trying Spain food so I didn't know portion sizes. I thought tapas were little plates of appetizers so we ordered several along with the lobster paella. We were full even before the paella arrived (paella takes 30 minutes to cook so place that order first). Even though we needed to save room for the paella, everything was so yummy we kept eating! next time, I'll come with more people so we can share. Then, paella came, and they serve it table-side. The paella is SO GOOD. I was in love with it. I can't believe I was missing out for so many years. I crave paella a lot these days because of this place...mmm yummy.
I used to enjoy this place when I lived in Chicago so I was eager to find out if the Vegas location lived up to the hype... 

This review is for happy hour only, which is fabulous. 3-7 PM, and 7 days a week.. YES happy hour on weekends too, a rareity! Nice patio on the strip.. great atmosphere

Sangria pitcher (6 cups) $24.95 (half price for happy hour). Solid sangria. and at ~$2 a cup for happy hour.. great price. Honestly the sangria at Tommy Bahama's is much stronger, but this one is nice because you're not getting loaded at 4 PM when you split a pitcher 3 ways. 

Food ($3 each for happy hour): We had the chicken empanada, the ham/tomato toast, potatoes, and bacon wrapped dates. All were awesome, and in particular we loved the bacon wrapped dates. None of the servings were huge.. but for $3 they were about right on. I would not, however, find this place a good deal at dinner. 

All in all, we paid $12 each (with tax and tip!) for sangria and some yummy appetizers. Definitely check this place out between 3-7.. it's a great value, particularly on the strip where things tend to get expensive.
We walked by this place and saw the nice patio outdoor seating area so we stopped by for lunch.  The menu consisted of mostly tapas around $7-10.  Paella was about $15 per person.  They had various flavors of sangria, but I just ordered the regular red sangria.  It wasn't as fruity flavored as other ones I've tried.  It just tasted like red wine with chopped fruits inside.  

For tapas, we ordered grilled beef skewers, which was cooked really tender.  It came with caramelized onions and horseradish cream sauce.  Didn't care too much for the onions.  I've never seen such dark caramelized onions before.  We also ordered a salad with green apples and manchego cheese.  This was very tasty as the dressing was nice and light.  We tried their seafood paella which the server advised would take about 30 minutes to make.  It did take about 30 minutes.  We just ordered for 1 person, which ended up being perfect for 2.  It came with shrimp and scallops.  The flavor was good.  Service was kind of slow at times, but overall food was good.  Perfect for a light lunch.
Was surprised to see that Cafe Ba Ba Reeba had a lower average rating than Firefly on Paradise. We went to Firefly before and were really underwhelmed by the food there. In fact, every dish we tried (and we tried plenty) was on the average or under average side. 

We're always on the hunt for tapas and hubby was adamant about NOT going to Firefly. I had bookmarked RE Tapas, but hubby wanted to try Ba Ba Reeba while we were at the mall so we thought we'd be smarter this time and order only a small selection in case it wasn't all that great either.

The restaurant shares its space with Stripburger -- very strange because it's so damn confusing. I wanted to sit by some natural light for the purpose of taking photos but wherever I pointed out was not part of Ba Ba Reeba.

The menu wasn't very big so it was quite easy to decide. The young man wanted a pizza and there were only 3 or 4 to choose from so we went for the chorizo. I got some garlic shrimp, sea scallops and Padron peppers as well. 

Sangria is not bad here -- it's not sickly sweet and had a nice balance of the wine to fruit/juice. Very refreshing accompaniment to the meal.

Padron peppers were grilled well with a sprinkling of sea salt to give it flavor. Seared sea scallops were fresh and juicy, well prepared, but the couscous and sauce was what brought this dish down. The flavors were underseasoned and did nothing to enhance the scallops. My favorite were the garlic shrimps. The shrimps were plump and extremely fresh and had a hearty helping of garlic in the dish. The olive oil was infused so strongly with the garlic we all used the bread to soak it up and wiped the dish clean.

I wouldn't ordinarily order pizza at a tapas place but the one here wasn't bad as far as pizzas are concerned. The crust was very thin and the toppings of chorizo, cheese and cherry tomatoes were balanced correctly -- not too much and not too little.

All in all, I'd have to say, I thoroughly enjoyed this meal. I'll even go as far to say that the garlic shrimps were better than at my favorite tapas place in SF -- Zarzuela. Yeah, I said it. It's better! We ended up getting an extra order of the shrimp since none of us felt we had enough.

The meal wasn't cheap -- a pizza, 4 tapas and 2 glasses of sangria came to almost $80 with tip included. Still, for a highly satisfying meal, I don't really care if it was on the high side.
Im surprised to see the somewhat low rating.

I came here during SEMA week and had dinner with a few friends.  Please remember that I've never had tapas before so I let my friend do all the ordering.  Oh man I don't even remember what we ordered but the chicken empanada's are freakin GOOD.  I could eat a dozen+ of these things with that delicious sauce that comes with it and still ask for more afterwards.  Cool atmosphere here and you kind of forget that you're in the middle of the Vegas strip for a second there.  Drinks were strong and I had a blast with my friends.  Be prepared to break out the wallet though if you come around dinner time because it certainly isn't cheap here.  Will definitely come back for the empanada's.  =)
Who wouldn't loves tapas! To be honest, when they listed empanadas on the menu, we decided we had to try it. But boy was that a mistake. It was pretty expensive, for such small dishes. We asked what size and how many empanadas we would get, it was only one small one for $8-9! So instead of tapas, we decided to order regular meals. We first ordered a Passion Fruit sangria. That was delicious, included some fresh chopped apple/orange/lemon, very refreshing, but not sure it was worth $15 for half a pitcher. The bread they served with the meal was also delicious, but they gave such a small basket, they couldn't refill it fast enough for us (nor for our ice water)! Sigh. For my meal, I went with the Meatball pizza for $11. The crust was thin and crispy and the pizza itself was pretty huge (couldn't finish it), but the oil from the cheese and meat just gathered in the middle of the plate and my crust soaked it all up. They also added some cherry tomatoes and basil, which definitely enhanced the flavor, but by the time my food came to me... the cheese already looked hardened. Disgusting. Unfortunately, the rest of our service wasn't that great either. Our waiter never came back for a water refill, and we actually finished eating our food and probably sat around for 5 minutes before flagging down another waitress for our bill. 

Also, they include an 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more. What? Ok fine, can we give less? Whatever. Our meal came up to be $xx.90, so our friend wanted to break her 100 and get some change. They had the nerve to keep her extra 10 cents too, something about rounding up or some crap. I know it's only 10 cents, but based on how bad our service was, and just on principle, they should have given it to us. Ugh, never again.
This was probably the least expensive great restaurant I went to in Vegas (OK we're not counting In-N-Out cause that place rocks for $6). SOOOOO many good plates, I mean, I had most of them and loved them, but I wanted to try them ALL!  I am picky about tapas... I lived in Boston and went to all 5 tapas places in the city regularly.

White peach sangria on a sunny afternoon sitting outside with the heat lamps on and yummy, yummy Spanish food.  If that doesn't cure a hangover, I don't know what does.

OK I guess I have one negative thing to say, but it still won't change my rating.. the sangria pitcher is on the small side.  You might need two.
So, yeah, the food was good enough.  I've had tapas before, that is to say that I've gone to a restaurant and shared a bunch of appetizers with friends - it should be a fun experience.
I'll ignore the somewhat high cost, because for Vegas, it wasn't that overwhelming.  The food really was decent, but it was the service that really tanked.  I mean REALLY tanked.
The waiter was a nice guy.  he was friendly, helpful and kept the drinks refilled.  Had we only ordered drinks, this review would have been better...

He asked if we wanted the food served as it came done (vs. all together) and we said fine.  This is good, because otherwise it would have taken 2 hours to get fed.
The food came in clumsey bursts, separated by exceedingly long periods of nothingness, during which time we stared into the kitchen (we were seated in the back) and watched the chaos ensue.  Three times a waiter/busboy came to our table and laid down a dish that wasn't ours.  Once, the waiter jumped in and said "no, that's table 23!", the other two times we took an honest tack and sent the order away.  
Over a period of about 1 1/2 hours we got our dishes, except the pizza.  This as really the only thing that my brother-in-law (a finicky sort) had ordered.  Since he ordered his tomato, mozerrella and olive pizza sans olives, we have a suspicion that his pizza went out twice to the wrong table, as we saw to oliveless pizzas pass by without stopping.  Or maybe the rest of the crowd hates olives too.
They finally wrangled the pizza, which they comp'd after we said we didn't want it at all.
If there were staff issues, etc., going on, we didn't know about it, as no manager fessed up.  They seemed to have plenty of staff, although none of them seemed to know what table they were in charge of.  They also seemed to be running two restaurants out of the kitchen, so you may want to steer clear of Stripburger, too.
Basically, the food was decent, but the service was so chaotic that it was palpable.
My husband and friends all loved this place! We missed the happy hour so it got a little pricey ordering so many different tapas. But you only live once and enjoy life. Tapas were $6-$13. My husband had the chicken paella and it was decent. Nothing spectacular. We absolutely loved the stuffed mushroom caps and the beef skewers were great. I had the berry sangria and liked it better than the peach sangria. Their sangria is sweet and that's what I love about it. The server was really nice. We are definitely going back to this place!!
"Surprisingly great food at the mall! Lobster paella was tasty, sauteed squid was Great, manchengo anything was superb, goat cheese dip was yummy. Bacon wrapped dates were great too. Keep away from the red meats though....those were pretty tasteless and disappointing compared to all other super flavorful dishes. Yummy! Will definitely be back for more!"
Came here during happy hour (4-7 PM).  I dont quite remember everything we had as it wasnt that memorable.  What I do remember is their yummy meat lover's paella.  It was delicious.  We also tried their black raspberry, peach, and passionfruit sangrias.  The black raspberry was the best.  Wait service was ok.  The waitress left out one of the items we ordered so we never got it but we didnt get charged for it.  
Note: Happy hour is only served in the bar area so you should let the hostess know upon arrival so you can be pointed in the right direction.
If you're weary of the high end expense account restaurants on the strip and just crave something that's fun and flavorful, this is a recommended restaurant. Shop first in the mall - inside are fun stores like Zara and Diesel - and then enjoy the tapas to your stomach's content.

This was our second trip in two years, and the experience both times was good enough to keep us coming back. 

Recommended if you're looking for something under $50 per person on the strip, including drinks.
Their Tapas were good, kinda reminded me of Firefly, but it's not that noisy here. The sangria was really good, service was so, so.
It was the first time I've ever been here and I loved it! The meals were quite appetizing! Lets see we had a Passion Fruit Sangria, a pepperoni pizza, lamb, and calamari! Now it sounds like a lot because it is. The food comes in small portions so we were worried that we wouldn't have enough. Boy were we wrong. We had plenty! The passion fruit sangria is good if you like wine. Not so much if you don't. The Pizza on flat bread was phenomenal! The best pizza I've had in a long time! Talk about knowing how to put on pepperoni!  Lamb was scrumptious! I loved the potatoes that came with it as well. The mustard dip was the perfect touch to the whole thing. Lastly the calamari was divine! The best calamari I've tasted in a long time! Totally worth it! 

Besides having great food they also had great service. They constantly filled our drinks back up and when they brought the food they timed it well enough to where we didn't have all the entrees at the table at once. It was wonderful. Not to mention this place is so affordable! We're talking make $10 a plate. Trust me though you won't leave there hungry.
My husband and I love tapas and since we were staying at the Trump and walked by Fashion Show Mall quite a few times, we decided to give Cafe Ba Ba Reeba a try for dinner on Saturday night. We ate outside on the patio to enjoy the fresh air and to do some people watching on the Strip. Our server was really friendly and attentive without being pushy or annoying. We tried:

White Sangria - it was so good! I really like white sangria and it was one of the best I have tried.

Crab and Shrimp Dip - by far our favorite dish of the evening. We should have ordered two because we fought over it! Definitely a must order!

Spicy potatoes - I must have missed the spicy part of this dish because all I did was taste potatoes. You have to eat this dish fast because our potatoes went cold pretty quickly.

Oven baked goat cheese - I don't think you can go wrong with goat cheese, tomato sauce, and bread with pesto. 

Seared sea scallops - a bit gritty and didn't have the melt in your mouth quality I look for in amazing scallops. However, they were still cooked pretty well even if they did have a bit of grit in them. Not the best I have ever had, but definitely not the worst.

Beef tenderloin - the blue cheese was way too overpowering

Our bill was $65 before tip and we left feeling full. If you like tapas and want a meal that won't break the bank on the Strip, this is not a bad place to give a shot.
What a surprise from the high-priced, huge-portions of most Vegas restaurants, Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba was a little place that we found one evening. We arrived early (between 5 and 7 is happy hour) and were presented with half-priced sangria's and a $3 Tapa menu.

This was the best dinner we had while in Vegas - try the roasted pepper tapa and the olives, as well as the mushroom empanada - very good. Also, the White Sangria was great - we started with half a pitcher, and quickly ordered a second half. Our whole meal was under $40 (for two people) and we were very full afterward!

Definitely a place to visit - and sit outside to people watch!
HAPPY HOUR HAPPY HOUR!! What a fine happy hour it twas! We ordered just about everything on the HH menu since it was just $3 and the passion fruit sangria was light and delicious! Service was awesome. Loved it!!
Expensive, maybe. Tasty, most definitely! 

Located right across the street from the Wynn Casino Resort, this place rocks with a delectable menu of tapas of all sorts...well, within limits of the menu. They have these mini tapa samplers that you can try and oh boy, were they tasty! We had the shrimp on toasted bread and tomato beef on toasted bread.  

For the main course, we couldn't resist in ordering the chicken paella and also tried the other tapas, like mussels with a caramelized sweet sauce (absolutely delicious). We also ordered a pitcher of the white peach sangria and that was pretty good, too. 

The service was good. The manager was the one who came out and served us and that was a plus.  Also, there's like a bar right next door to the restaurant, so if you dine outside, you'll hear the music. You may or may not like it, depends on you. 

Visit this place!
Alright, a word to the wise. Do not come here and order an entree. I'm not saying it won't be good. But seriously, you come here for the tapas or you don't come at all. If you come here and order a fucking pizza I will be so bummed. I won't even sit with you. I will kick your ass out and you will eat your pizza on the bench out on the strip. Also, it's best to come here with a large group. The bigger the better. The goal here is to try as many tapas as you can. And don't forget to try a couple different types of sangria.
This restaurant specializes in both paella and tapas.  We started off with a salad of apples, almonds, manchego cheese over organic greens (4), baked goat cheese in a rich tomato sauce (3.5) and dates wrapped in bacon (1.5).  We were disappointed by the dates which were overcooked and chewy.  I questioned the waiter and he confirmed that this is the way the dish is prepared.  We also ordered paella; mine was mixed seafood with shrimp, scallops, mussels and green beans.  Ann ordered the evening's special seafood paella with monkfish, beans and squash.  Each was visually unappealing suffering from a heavy hand with the tomato sauce and an absence of saffron.  I used a $50 certificate purchased form a radio station.
Since our last visit in in September 2006, business has dropped off and most of the dining is now curtained off.  The restaurant specializes in both paella and tapas..  We started off with a salad of apples, almonds, manchego cheese over organic greens (4), baked goat cheese in a rich tomato sauce (3.5) and dates wrapped in bacon (1.5).  We were disappointed by the dates which were overcooked and chewy.  I questioned the waiter and he confirmed that this is the way the dish is prepared.  We also ordered paella; mine was mixed seafood with shrimp, scallops, mussels and green beans.  My wife ordered the evening's special seafood paella with monkfish, beans and squash.  Each was visually unappealing suffering from a heavy hand with the tomato sauce and an absence of saffron (1)
Wow, tapas in Vegas has not disappointed me!  Three words:  bacon wrapped dates - omfg, delicious.  I think I almost finished a plate on my own. The scallop were also very good as were the peppers (not that spicy!). We ordered quite a bit of food and two pitches of sangria AND a paella (which, warning, is HUGE...and delicious).  I think the total for our large group was $35 a person...extremely reasonable by Vegas standards.  The outdoor dining area is huge - great for people watching.
I love tapas. However this place can get pricey just think of the location. I ate here once with a friend and it cost us $65 a piece. The food was delicious though, we had the shrimp sauteed in garlic and butter and the octupus which was great. We had a lot of other items on the menu. Their sangria is alright. Not as good as fireflys. I like this place. I would come back definitely.
My gf and I LOVEEEE Cafe Ba Ba Reeba in Chicago! but unfortunately, seeing that we live in socal, this Vegas location is the next best thing...

This restaurant is conveniently located in the Fashion Show Mall, which for the uncommon Vegas traveler is located on the strip right across from the Wynn. It was a pretty hot day but the outdoor eating area, which was perfect for people watching, remained cool and pleasant. 

This place gets minus one star for not having an extensive tapas menu as the Chicago location and a daily/weekly/monthly? sangria special (aka my white mango sangria!) again like the Chicago location. But besides these minor details, the food was DELICIOUS and the service was excellent!

My gf and I ordered a half pitcher of the white peach sangria, which may not be the white mango sangria we had in Chicago but was still soooooo good! We were also able to get our waitress to get us samples of the passion fruit sangria and the sparkling raspberry sangria (made w/ cava!), but still concluded our white peach sangria was best! The peach sangria was refreshing and sweet (but not too sweet), the passion fruit sangria was more citrusy and less sweet and the sparkling sangria had a stronger taste to it. We happily enjoyed our lunch with a nice alcoholic buzz and even devoured the sweet little apple bits in our glasses!

As for the food we ordered the shrimp & egg salad on toast & the short rib stuffed pepper on toast, stuffed mushrooms, flatbread with tomatoes & basil and the special paella w/ shortrib, chicken & chorizo sausage(?). The stuffed pepper was good but the shrimp & egg salad was OMG good! The stuffed mushrooms were just as good as we remembered from Chicago, in other words, freaking DELICIOUS! We also enjoyed the flatbread pizza, which  was light and flavorful, and the special meat paella. For dessert, we ordered the almond cake w/ coconut sherbet and the chocolate tres leches. The chocolate tres leches was sweet and chocolatey (i'm a chocolate fiend!) but the almond cake w/ coconut sherbet was jaw-dropping SOOOOOOOO good! It wasn't as sweet as the tres leches, and the pairing of almond cake and coconut seems random but they perfectly complimented each other. 

I definitely can't wait to come back!
I had such a great time while eating at the Ba-Ba-Reeba. One was because of the great view of the Encore and the Wynn as well as location on the strip. Most important reason of all why this place was soooo good was the quality and variety of the food. 

For drinks you must try the white peach sangria by far one of the best sangria's I have tried before. I don't know if its because of the fresh cut pieces of peach in the pitcher or the quality of wine they use to mix but what ever it is you gotta try it. 

For tapas we shared the following: 
- PINTXOS which are six small bite size tapas ($8.95) great to order because of the variety of small tapas it comes with. 
- BAKED GOAT CHEESE with tomato sauce and sic pieces of garlic toasts. The entire combination was to die for. Garlic toasts was fresh and the goat cheese tasted as if it was just cut from the block ($7.95). 
- MANCHEGO which is an assortment of Spaniard meat. Included in this order are 4 small pieces of bread with a good spread, 2 types of cheese and a side of olives which all calls for a great combination ($10.95). 
- BEEF EMPANADA thick crust and full of meet ($8.95) 
- TOMATO and CHEESE FLATBREAD kinda like a thin crust pizza, very salty but full of flavor. The fresh cut tomatoes on the flat bread makes its oh soo juicy. 

With all of what we ordered (drinks + tapas) the total came out to $85 included tax. Well worth the money because of the quality of the food and service. 

With all of the drinks
This place is great.  The sangria is realllly tasty, and the tapas are wonderful.  It's located right across the street from the Wynn, and at the end of the Fashion Show Mall.  Not a usual place for the typical Vegas visitor, but it's not hard to find.   The service here was great as well.  Would definitely come back here for some more tapas, a switch from the usual buffets and casino food courts :)
I have to come to Vegas a lot for business and I recently found this gem.  The menu includes a wide range of items.  Everything that I have tasted I have enjoyed.

The most recent time I visited I had the lobster paella, which was delicious, filling, and cheap!  I also really enjoy the gaspacho here.

The atmosphere is very relaxed and the service is attentive.  There are several vegetarian friendly options as well!
Me gusta mucho! I was torn between three and four stars but decided on four because the prices were so reasonable. Although the food wasn't fantastically memorable, it was very good, especially since there were so many vegetarian options at a tapas bar. And I discovered I like quince. Yay! Love adding a new enjoyable food to my repertoire. Waitress was incredibly helpful and even listened to my veggie rants while also recommending wines and taking my vegetarian suggestions into consideration. Will return!
I have never been to the Chicago location, but I hope it's as good as this! We had the garlic shrimp; spicy potatoes; serrano, salchica and chorizo and my favorite, bacon wrapped dates!! YUMMM Ofcourse, I could never go here and NOT order sangria. This time it was just ok. The service this time around was outstanding though!!! Ba ba reeba doesn't dissapoint.
My wife and I love Tapas and this is one of our favorite places for Tapas in Vegas.

We've eaten there a couple times and the food and service has always been good. 

A great place for a larger group, it's fun to order a selection of Tapas to share & pass. Be sure to also leave room to try the Paella, which is very tasty. Also, they have a variety of Sangria's worth trying.

Considering this is Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised how reasonably priced everything was. 

Even though this place is in a Mall, it doesn't feel like it. If you can, get seated outdoors. It's a great view of The Strip right across from The Wynn and fun place to people watch.
I had never been to a tapas place before, and this was a great first time experience.  A friend recommended this place, so my boyfriend and I went here for happy hour. They had $3 tapas and  1/2 off sangrias from 4 to 7pm.

We ordered:
Pintxos:  We ordered all 6 for $8.95. Not on the happy hour menu, but wanted to try it anyways. Yummy!

Spicy potatoes w/ tomato alioli: there were a lot of potatoes on this dish. Yummy and a great value.

Skewered chicken & chorizo w/ sherry alioli: Yummy, but it's only 1 skewer... so about 2 bites.

Chicken empanada w/ red peppers, sherry alioli: Also a great value. One of our favorites.

Skewered beef w/ horseradish cream, red onion relish: same as skewered chicken and chorizo.... Yummy, but only 1 skewer as well.

Spanish meatballs in tomato sauce: comes with 2 large meatballs and 2 small potato pieces.

White peach sangria: refreshing. We shared a pitcher, and it was perfect.
We also got 2 desserts, which I'm not sure what the name was.  Maybe a chocolate tres leche and a milkshake drink.

I really think this place is more 4 stars than 5, but I wanted to help out the overall ratings a bit.  The service was great.  Although the ambiance towards the back of the bar was a little dim, the overall restaurant look and feel was great.  I would love to go back to try the paella and other tapas not on the happy hour menu (there are 10 choices on the happy hour menu).
Its not easy finding cheap eats and drinks on the strip. That's why we love to hit up Ba Ba Reeba when we come to Vegas. 4-7 Happy Hour, the website says M-F but we've been there twice on the weekends and they were running the happy hour. $3 Tapas and 1/2 pitchers of Sangria, which is a Great deal in Las Vegas! 
My favorite Happy Hour Tapas: Spicy potatoes, Mushroom Empanada, Bacon-wrapped dates and the fried peppers. I didn't really like any of the skewers. 
The classic sangria and the peach sangria were my favorites! Take a pitcher to go! They will even give you to-go cups!!! Gotta love Vegas!!!
Pretty good Spanish place in Vegas. I was surprised at how good the food was. We have a lot of Spanish places in Miami and this is one I would frequent if we had one here.

We started with the flat bread appetizer, which was good. We had to stop ourselves from eating every last bit for fear of not leaving room for our food.

My wife had the Valenciana paella and I had the meat paella. Both were really good, and came piping hot in small paella pans which they then plate for you at the table.

Service here was really good, too, and the restaurant had a nice decor.
Went here for my 3rd time. This place is great specially if you're wondering the fashion show mall and you suddenly realize you starving, and you just know the food court isn't what you had in mind...

Today I got both of the specials- swordfish and the lamb (both awesome) I say,...always order the specials at a tapa place- rarely will they let you down!

FYI if you want the happy hour half off tapas you have to be sitting at the bar in order to do so. Which is kind of stupid, but that's just how it goes.... the menu is smaller but hey if you want to save some that's an idea.
White peach sangria for the W haha. This place is on the outside of the fashion show mall and has a great darkly-lite interior with a full bar and very modern decor. Onto the food: awesome; get the paella their house specialty and don't be afraid of the mushroom empanadas they were amazing.
Omg. This place kicked ass. Not only was the waiter really nice, he gave us the happy hour discount even though we didn't sit by the bar (my sister is 15 so we couldn't sit there). That's 50% off for our pitcher of sangria. We had the white peach sangria and it was extremely delicious. The tapas were wonderful too. 
From the Pintxos menu we ordered the shrimp and egg salad on toast and the goat cheese croqueta. The flavors were simple and done perfectly. We savored our two bites. We then ordered the tomato and cheese Spanish flatbread. It was oblong shaped and really pretty. The crust was thin and crispy with a little bit of chewiness. 
My sister was most excited about the chicken paella. It had chunks of chicken and artichokes. Mmm my mouth is watering as I type about this dish. I do wish there were a little more crispy pieces since that's what differs a paella from a rice pilaf but the flavors were there so I'll let this one slide. 

Overall, this place is perfect. Cool ambiance, great food and really nice service.
Excellent deal on Happy Hour! it's Monday-Fridays I believe, and you have to sit at the high tables around the  bar.

Most happy hour places in town are only until 6 pm, and I found out this place has it until 7. All the sangria are half off and $3 tapas (about 8 or so you can select from the happy hour menu)

We tried a pitcher of their blackberry sangria (it's about 6 small glasses), beacon wrapped dates, calamari and some other stuff that i forgot the names of. But the dates and calamari are a must! it's soooo good!

I didn't give it 5 stars because the lighting on the inside is very dark... I could barely see the menu. I'm sure it's more for ambiance, but they could turn up the light a little bit. Also parking in the Fashion Show has  become a pain. I went during mid-week and still spend a while looking for parking spaces in the garage.
this is the place to go for happy hour if you want something out of the norm! sangria + tapas dished for 50% off...

if only we knew it was happy hour before having a seat in the dining area. so minus one star for that. if it wasn't for my friend who read the poster above the urinal in the restroom, we would have never knew! wish our waiter told us...

but i guess that's no reason to give this review any less, because the food here is delicious... small... but delicious. i recommend the empenatas, any paella dish, and their stuffed mushrooms. what else that is awesome about this place is you can order off the strip burger menu as well. i'll be back for happy hour next time...
I thought people came to Las Vegas for good food but I was extremely disappointed by this Tapas bar. Yea sure the happy hour is good but the food sure isn't. 

All I can say is PASS. And go to Mi Luna in Houston, Texas.
So disappointing! We loved this place when we lived in Chicago. The biggest disappointment was that the menus are different and they didn't have our favorite tapas (octopus with potatoes). It was a slow lunch crowd, but the service was pretty spotty. We only ordered one dish plus drinks. It was so meh, that neither my husband nor I can (3 weeks later) even remember what we ate! I suppose it's just as well since we'll never come here again.
The white peach sangria was good, the goat cheese appetizer was tasty, and service was good, but stay away from their "paellas".  I actually could not eat the combination one I got, it was too nasty.  Paellas don't have sauce and they should also have a crust from searing in the pan.  What we got was a gloppy mess.  Inedible.
Definitely okay for drinks and tapas though!
It's ok.  I could be snob-bish & state that it's not even close to food in Spain.  But with the economy & airfare being cheap it's definitely better to go to Barcelona, Madrid, Malaga, or Cadiz etc & enjoy the food & beauty of a dfferent world.  But I digress.  If you want a cheap version of Spanish ham, the serrano ham & caramelized pineapple will do; other best items were the short rib-stuffed piquillo pepper and the mushroom empanada.
This was def the best choice to in that mall plaza section on Las Vegas Blvd.  I've only had tapas a few times and I'm not completely drawn to it because it sounds like I'll order a bunch of things and still not get full.  WRONG.  Well we ordered a lot BECAUSE we were afraid of not getting full.

Walked over here Sunday afternoon and there was no wait.  Awesome.  We got bread and some olive oil right away.  The olive oil was kinda bitter but I don't think its my thing. 

This is what we ordered: 
- Mahi Mahi Tapa (which was the special of the day)  very juicy with yummy veggies with it
- Steamed mussels (my bf said it was good) 
- beef skewers (I like this one because of the carmelized onions and the spicy horseradish) 
- Salmon with veggies
- Seafood Paella (soo yummy but remember it takes about 30 minutes to order) 
- Black Raspberry sangria half pitcher 16 bucks (this was my favorite part because of the fresh fruit!  You HAVE to order the SANGRIA!! 

I really enjoyed the food, had lots of great decorations in the restaurant, and played Spanish themed music in the background which was awesome.  Its just a bit pricey.  It was a lunch for 2 for 75 bucks not including tip.  I will probably come back for the happy hour!
Poor ba ba reeba, setting up shop in a veritable ghost town that is Fashion Show Mall. 
We entered this area only to sample the restaurant's happy hour, on recommendation from a friend.

We've been to Spain, and had tapas from a variety of regions. Of course it's not the same. We're also from a town with a Spanish theme that serves tapas so painfully unrelated to Spanish food that Ba Ba Reeba is doing a decent job of Spanish tapas in a tourist strip of shiny lights and gut busting edible junk.

And the happy hour prices are very good deal, especially given the area.
Just my luck that I enjoy sitting and dining at the bar, since that's where the happy hour prices apply. 
If there'd been four of us, we'd have gotten a portion of every item on the happy hour menu, and two rounds of the pintxos. But there was just two, so we sampled perhaps half the menu.

Favorite pintxos were the egg salad and shrimp on toast, and the fried goat cheese.

Favorite small plates include the meatballs in tomato sauce, the jamon with cheese and olives, and the bacon-wrapped dates. 

We didn't go anywhere near the paella. That's one item I don't take risks on, for fear of disappointment.

We shared three glasses of sangria: peach, passion fruit and cava. The cava was our favorite, light and not cloyingly sweet.

My top pick, though, was the bread and olive oil that comes to the table. The bread really did remind of eating in Spain. A little firm, a little chewy and the olive oil had a strong nutty, grassy flavor, like the simple rustic oil I had in southern Spain. Put some better salt on the table, a little wild thyme in my pocket, and a sherry in my hand, and I'm back in a cafe in Las Negras. 

Our bartender did everything right, coming by just when we may have needed her, fretted on our behalf that the bread hadn't come out yet, asked how we liked this and that, and never hovered. 

Bonus: once you're inside, no obvious noises and lights of casinos.
Food was good. Was also able to sit outside in the middle of February, not bad. It's tapas though, which means high prices, small dishes. This holds true. Just make sure you order enough quantity for your table, I think the quality is good.
One of the few restaurants that I went to without checking the yelp review and I have to warn you it is dissapointing. The best part of the entire experience was the sangria. All the tapas we ordered were bland. It was so bad that we did not even bother with the paella or the desert. I would never go back here. What a waste of a good location and ambience.
closed 2/14/10
Good place to get tapas on the strip.

If you like cured meats and cheese they have a good variety here. Good selection of Spanish cuisine.
I have been here five or six times, and each time I have had a great experience.  The food is very good, and is also reasonably priced.  The sangria is delicious, and the atmosphere is very cool.  They do a great job with big groups as they have two rooms that are both very nice and private.  If you are on the strip and like tapas you have to try this place.
The tapas here were whateves, nothing really stood out to me, the menu was very limited and simple, I think I'll stick to Firefly on Paradise Rd., my first love. But I must admit it was a cute restaurant with nice romantic lighting, cute decor, and decent service; doubt I'll be back for tapas though.
name changed to El Segundo Sol but website remains cafebabareeba.com
Had some good times and great happy hours here.  Sad to see it go.
This place has been CLOSED since February 15th.

http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2010/2/4/16133/96259/vegas-travel/Cafe_Ba_Ba_Reeba_To_Close_on_February_15
Not shocked this place closed.  The paella was HORRIBLE.  Actually they said it was paella, and I ordered paella, but I've never had what they call paella.  It sure didn't match what I know as paella and what they even showed on their website.  Good riddence!
Tapas. Perfect. White peach sangria. Perfect. The garlic shrimp is a must. Dip everything in the garlic sauce. Perfect sizes. Even the desserts were delectible.
CLOSED Las Vegas location only open in Chicago.
It was the best Tapas in Vegas and for the price, would probably still be(even with the addition of serrano and Jaleo).  I miss this place!
Yay! I'm a fan. I mean I USED to be a fan. This is one of those places that make you a little sad when they close the doors. Hubby and I used to ritually come here for lunch and drinks while in Vegas every trip. I'm going to miss those little tomato toasts with the Serrano ham. They were the MOST PERFECT hangover food EVER. 

RIP, you will be missed!
Nothing wrong with the place. I gave it 3 stars because it was so...how do you put it...predictable (?) for a restaurant located in DC Ranch:

Loud music...check
dimly-lit space using sleek industrial lighting...check
Guys who use lots of hair products...check
Women wearing halter tops of every shade and style...check
waiters dressed up in ninja black...check
60-year old men with their 40-year old altered-looking dates...check

There was no mistaking, the ambiance oozed of 85255. The food was not bad. We tried quite a number of tapas selection, and not one would be considered mediocre. In fact the veal, was exceptional. Very moist and tender, the kind that would just melt in your mouth. The calamari was delectable as well. It wasn't covered completely in breading (like some restaurants do to make the pieces look bigger). You can actually see that what you're eating is deep fried squid with enough crust/breading to give it a slight garlicy-taste. The aioli dipping sauce that went with the calamari complimented the dish nicely. 

The surprise of my dinner was the brussel sprouts. Now, I normally don't like brussel sprouts, but this particular dish was done right. Steamed and then grilled (it seemed...I don't know, but in between sangria and wine, the different dishes I was tasting were starting to blend together), it had a lemony garlic taste that masked that somewhat bitter aftertaste that I get after ingesting mom's. You have to try it! 

The vibe was a bit too "cold" for me. Everyone enjoying their own little clique while sipping wine. You know the scene. The sommelier, to me, was the most animated character in that joint (of course, aside from my dining compadres). If you do decide to go, ask for David, the sommelier...he might just offer you a good deal on a very expensive decanter for a fraction of the cost...hmmm...

Worth a try. They take reservations.
While the food at Sol Y Sombra wasn't complicated, it was certainly yummy and the service was (surprisingly given the cool vibe and the beautiful people -- I mean the staff not just the customers) totally relaxed and friendly.

There we were schlepping in with our shorts and t-shirt...and without a reservation at that.   No attitude from the hostess.  Though the place was fully booked, we were happy with our bar seats...easy access to their yummy mojito and sangria..and the tapas started flowing. 

On my  to be repeated list were the baby back ribs (for the sweet/tart quince and sprinkle of pimenton), the asparagus with crab (loved loved the romesco sauce) and the trout with sprinkle of hazelnut and salsa verde

Everything else (calamari, pan fried potatoes, brussel sprouts, mussels in tomato broth) were all solid.  

3 stars for food alone and extra star for friendly service
Wow.  I have been receiving emails from Sol y Sombra and my husband and I decided to check it out.  We are big fans of tapas of all varieties and the menu intrigued us.  With no reviews on Yelp we had no idea what to expect!

We were expecting to go to a "traditional" Spanish restaurant but when we arrived we were treated to a very trendy lounge atmosphere.  Which, although not what we were expecting, suited us just fine.  The atmosphere is very lively with upbeat lounge music, dim lighting, couches and plush arm chairs, and loud chatter.  (What?!  What did you just say?!)   

Upon being seated we were immediately welcomed by the Sommelier who selected a perfect and reasonably priced bottle of Spanish wine, one that is apparently difficult to get.  (I'm sorry, it was actually a Basque wine.)  Seeing that we were enjoying it, he wrote down the information about the wine and distributor for us so we could purchase it ourselves.

There are many, many tapas choices, ranging in price from $5 to $18.  We selected 4 and it was more than enough.  Our favorite was the shrimp with garlic cream sauce.  We also had the signature Pollo Champion which was delicious and bountiful.  We also had the asparagus with crab which was a good palette cleanser between the dishes (the crab had a good citrus flavor).  Our least favorite was the crispy snail just because it didn't have enough flavor or sauce (we are so used to escargot which is drowned in garlic and butter).  We ended with the baked apple dessert which was phenomenal!  It had a salty/sweet balance which I adored.

The service was great, our server was attentive the whole night and had great suggestions.  The food came out extraordinarily quickly (I'm talking 5 minutes after ordering), but we weren't rushed at all and we were able to sit and enjoy the food and experience.  All in all, the food alone with dessert was only $55 which is more than reasonable. 

There is ample free parking at the DC Ranch and also valet for $5 (shared with Fleming's so it's not directly in front of Sol y Sombra).  But be forewarned, it's on the second floor.

Update:

I've been to Sol many many times now and everytime the food is fantastic and the service is superb.  We took my little sister here (who is the pickiest eater I've ever met....the girl doesn't eat vegetables!)  and she enjoyed herself.  She was drinking soda all night and our server brought her over her own carafe of it so she could refill as she wished. 

Their Happy Hour is also very good.  You have to sit at the bar but they always have 5 or 6 tapas for about $5 or $6 and a few glasses of wine on special.  Definitely a nice way to unwind, especially when the sun is setting.

I think that now I've tried almost all the tapas they offer (they change the menu seasonally though so it never gets boring) and I have never been disappointed.
Nicely decorated...cool atmosphere...but the food sucks. Just go here for a drink before or after dinner somewhere else.
Mouth watering. That's all I have to say.

The food at this place is seriously amazing. Everything we tasted was better than the dish before it, and we had a fabulous bottle of white wine to accompany our meal. The scallops were a highlight, as was the potato pie dish (that's not a very technical name for what it was, but that's my best effort). It was all very, very good, and the only thing keeping us from returning is the cost! We genuinely enjoyed our evening here, and we will absolutely go back, but it is pricey, especially for the size of the dishes.

The atmosphere and ambiance are so fun, and this place is a little dressier and trendier than some other places we've been in Scottsdale. I highly recommend this for a night out with friends, or a cool date night. It seemed as though reservations would be a good idea, although we didn't have them and were okay (it was busy, though).
Sometimes you can disguise mediocre food with nice packaging. That's Sol Y Sombra. Over priced for what you get. I've NEVER left there feeling like....wow....I just had a fantastic meal. Very disappointing.
I have to confess that I have not been able to make it to Sol y Sombra for dinner, but I am here to rave about their Sunday brunch service--of which I have become an addict.

Brunch starts at 10:30, which is just about right for my girl friends and me.  I highly recommend patio seating if the weather allows.  Mimosas are tasty and the coffee is also a nice way to welcome the day.

The brunch is served tapas style, per the rest of the meals served at the restaurant.  A good rule of thumb seems to be one small plate per person plus 1-2 extra to share.  The food comes out quickly so you can always order more.  After many visits, we have determined our favorites to be 1) patatas bravas (like socially-acceptable chunky french fries with a great flavor kick), 2) almond french toast (they serve it with syrup AND chocolate sauce, come on), 3) tortilla espinaca (this really interesting quiche-type dish with a bacon-infused sauce...really nice), 4) skirt steak with romesco sauce (gotta fit the protein in there somewhere).

This is a great place to waste away a Sunday morning--aside from the mouth-watering food, you'll find a lovely atmosphere, great music, and calm goodness.
AZ Central had an intriguing review on their website, so I thought I'd give Sol y Sombra a try. I figured since it's in DC Ranch that I'd have to look "Scottsdale-presentable" (you know what I mean: trendy clothes, shoes with a little heel, cute bag...) I met friends there after work around 6:15 so it was during happy hour, meaning $5 tapas. We ordered the tortilla espanola, patatas fritas, some semi-spicy chicken dish, and calamari, which was all excellent. I don't think it was very authentic Spanish as I've been to Spain, but it was pretty good. Very good wine menu...I ordered the second grenache listed for $10. The wine was a little pricey, but the variety was impressive. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to share a bite with friends...I only wish we had time to walk around afterwards!
Simply amazing and completely fitting for a 500th review.  

I don't know that a more lengthy first sentence can do it any better. I'll spare you from the I went to Spain bullcrap, but I do know good Spanish dining on several different levels and Sol y Sombra overdelivers like a good night in the sack, and to help others this is completely worth the 30 mile drive north for Central Phoenix dwellers. 

If you walk away from this review with two tidbits, just know that the Tortilla Espanola (while basic-sounding and all) is the best $5 you will spend on a dinner. EVER.  With its huge impressive wedge appearance, it is more deliciously prepared and more filling than expected.  Also know that the wine list is lengthy and very comprehensive, but in an excellent way.  While I love Lola Tapas in Central Phoenix for its urban and sophisticated simplicity, this is one area in which it can't compete.

While the evening was more delightful because of our mailing-list 50-percent-off skillz, it should be even more noteworthy that such a thing is possible if you get off your duffs and give a brotha your email. 

Among other highlights would be the Pollo Colonial (a savory mix of sweet and spicy chicken curry), Grilled Calamari, Spicy Garlic Aioli Grilled Prawns, Grilled Asparagus.  But the most surprising of the night were the grilled brussel sprouts.  WTF?  I don't even like that shit.  But they grilled them with garlic, olive oil and seasoning, and if you do it that way it is ten times better than any veggie a teen would hate.  The Patatas Brava were just ok.  I still ate them, but they were a little more crispy than I care for.

The setting was impressive.  The dining room is grand, stylish and luxe in its understated way -- so symbolic of Madrid.  The layout and colors are complementary, trendy and tasteful all at once.  The patio is incredible if you can swing it.  There is not a bad seat in the house as the views from the second floor at DC Ranch are all great.

The host was accommodating given we were 10 minutes late (and called ahead) and the servers and sommelier were definitely helpful and steered us toward the right white wine we wanted for taste and value without trying to do the whole upselling crap.  The wine was excellent and was so fragrant and inviting that Melissa's purse had to have a taste.

Sol y Sombra is a definite five star destination restaurant that is worth it if you're coming from Central Phoenix, West Valley or SE Valley.
If Sol y Sombra were a person, I would marry it.  I would have to break out my thesaurus to come up with enough adjectives to say how simply awesome it is.

The inside is sleek, sophisticated, and sexy. The outdoor patio is a little oasis offering a view of DC Ranch. Service is impeccable...the waiters and bartenders are so friendly and very good at helping to make drink recommendations. My husband and I arrived a few minutes early for our group's 5 pm dinner reservation this past Saturday and didn't realize they didn't open until 5 pm. A staff member had ridden up in the elevator with us and said it was OK for us to come in, so we sat at the bar and saw the staff put the finishing touches before opening (it took me back to my waitress days). My husband ordered a beer while we waited and when we went to pay when our dining companions arrived, he was only charged $2.50 which was so nice.

The food and drinks are out of this world.  The wine list is comprehensive and offers something for everyone.  The Albarino is delicious...so delicious in fact that my clutch purse wanted some (I accidentally spilled some when I was there with friends...too many mojitos at the pool beforehand I suppose). There is a good beer selection, ranging from domestics to imports...they even have a Spanish beer made in Germany (Estrella).  The champagne I have tried is really good as well, as was this "Aqua" shot I tried.  The food itself is heavenly, although some things I liked one time were not as good this past time, and vice versa. By not as good, I mean only 4.5 stars as opposed to 5!

The dishes I have tried and loved include: tortilla espanola, pollo colonial (better the first time I had it), soft lettuce with manchego cheese and rioja vinaigrette (the vinaigrette gave the dish a great flavor), pan con tomate, calamari (I liked how there weren't many squidy pieces since those aren't my favorite), and the patatas bravas (better the second time I had them). My husband also tried the asparagus (really liked the romesco sauce that came with it) and the shrimp.  We had the poached apple for dessert this past Saturday and even though I swore I wouldn't have a bite, I caved...it was so good!

Even if gas gets to $6/gallon, I will still drive up to DC Ranch to eat at Sol. That is how good it is.
Can a cocktail and tapas on a Wednesday night be sexy?

The answer...YES!  very...very...sexy...

I had the esteemed pleasure of dining at Sol Y Sombra this evening with my best friend and we had a beautiful experience.  We made a reservation for 6:30 with hopes of participating in happy hour but sadly this only takes place at the bar area (really should have studied the yelp reviews first).  Notice that they still receive 5 stars...

4 tapas and several cocktails later, we realized that we had just spent our evening (and a few days paycheck) in paradise.  From the decor to the service to the delicious food to the sangria, this was a perfect evening.

Great place to take a date, a group, or anyone you want to impress.  In fact, I actually  almost feel like a cooler person (is it possible?) since dining at Sol Y Sombra...I must return (especially for happy hour)!
Sol y Sombra was really far to drive from South Phoenix, but was totally worth it - the tapas were really high-quality and flavorful for the price. We had reserved a table on OpenTable.com but were about 20 minutes late (we took the first Pima Road exit on 101 instead of the second - anyone know what I'm talking about?!), so we got seated at a table in the bar area. It was definitely a good spot for people-watching but not as romantic (or quiet) as some of the tables in the main area seemed. Oh well! At least we got to see some of Scottsdale's best (and worst) dressed. I went to a really elite prep school in Los Angeles, but I was on financial aid and never really part of the in crowd. When I would sit around imagining what my cool peers did together in their spare time, I imagined something like the bar scene at Sol Y Sombra - girls in flowered dresses and heels flitting around guys in European wear with expensive watches. 

Ah, well, I digress. The tapas were simply delicious. We had the tortilla espanola, stuffed piquillo pepper, sauteed clams (or were they mussels?) with chorizo, baby back ribs, calamari, manchego cheese/serrano ham/fig. The calamari was a real standout - as my husband commented, this calamari's crust was what restaurants are trying to achieve when they say that their calamari is "lightly fried." To finish the meal, we had the vanilla scented grilled pear with goat cheese and almonds. It might be one of the best things I've ever tried and it was the perfect end to the meal. All told, the food we had (7 dishes) was about $80. My Matador cocktail (tasted like tequila with orange juice) was $8. Not too bad for really light, fresh, flavorful tapas! And if you felt marginalized in highschool, you might feel empowered showing up and being one of  (or near) the in crowd at Sol y Sombra. Just don't forget to dress your best!
This place is so friggin good. I have been to Sol Y Sambra twice and loved it both times. Very veggie friendly, too!
We came here on a Sunday at 11 for brunch. Unfortunately, a bad time for people watching.  Besides our table of 3, there was only one other table (father/daughter) occupied.  I was a little disappointed but not too surprised considering DC Ranch's 'remote' location.

However, the staff was friendly and the tapa's were great (especially the almond french toast), but if you're hungry, order big or go home.  The bartender gave us mimosa's on the house and after ordering 5 dishes, the bill only came to $45.00, split between the 3 of us.  

I can see this place being a lot of fun at the right time, and very romantic as well.  I'd like to go again, but likely not for brunch.
I've been here about a dozen times and every time has been a great experience (really fun for groups with a ton of small plates in the middle of the table). During the high season, best to get a reservation but this last Wednesday, pretty quiet.  The food is amazing as is the decor.  When they seated us, the host asked if I wanted a pillow for my high backed chair-nice!  The service was great-staff is laid back and personable (knowledgeable, too).  I stick to the veggie fare, but my hubby goes for the meat dishes. They have plenty of great wines (we stay in the $40-50 range and still fabulous-you can go way up from there , but..). Topped it off with an espresso martini and was good to go.  Dress: casual/hip/sexy. Can't wait to go back.
By far the best tapas in AZ. Perhaps the best tapas i have ever had. Great Spanish wine list. Wifey can eat veggie (which I can sample) but the meat dishes are out of this world. The Pollo Colonial is a must. The staff is personable and knowledgeable. The crowd, atmosphere and music make it a perfect place for eats, drinks and fun.
ok: cons
Its not in my neighborhood
its a little pricey
its loud and crowded
pros
food is great
service is decent
wine and drinks are good
good looking people in strange outfits
First thank you to Yelp, Gabi and Sol Y Sombra for the gift card it made me go back and visit a lot quicker. I love the decor here! The booths are so comfy, you may never want to leave and that could be very dangerous here! Unfortunately I am with the minority on this one after this visit. I wanted to make it here for brunch but that didn't happen so dinner it was. There wasn't too many other parties it was pretty empty in there when we arrived. Off season and no Sommelier this day. We sat inside first and ordered some Peroni (am I the only one who finds an Italian beer here a little weird?) to drink. Some tomato bread which the server promptly corrected me "You mean Pan con Tomate?!? Yes I wont touch that one. Then the Tortilla Espanola I tried those at the OYE already and they were delicous I would probably come here just for those!

Now we had forgotten there was happy hour and were told it was only on the patio or at the bar, we thought it was a tad odd considering the place was so empty. So we decided we'd like to move out on the patio mind you HH was almost over. So the waitress tells us that we would have to close out the bill then move outside where she would be our server again. Huh?? The hub asked what he thought was a manager if it would be a problem he was just a waiter and told us "Yes that will be a problem" so after a lot of looking at each other like WTF our waitress finally gets the manager please forgive me I am so bad w names people. He came over and told us we didnt have to move if we wanted that we could order off the HH menu. Thank you! At that time we decided to move outside anyway for the view, they helped move all our stuff over after that dilemma everything went pretty smoothly.

We continued with the soft lettuce it was really good the almonds were awesome but I cant say anything special about the sauce unfortunately. Next came the calamari def worth trying its a good size portion and worth every penny. The shrimp I will probably pass on next time they were ok not worth 4 for $16 eh I did not think they were that special tasting but they were big. Then there was the piquillo pepper it was stuffed with tuna I was expecting raw tuna or something not canned, it wasn't spicy at all. Think tuna salad but there was capers instead of pickles it wasnt anything special go for something else or I'd suggest it for lunch more than anything. We did not have any dessert nothing really appealed to us on the menu so we just ordered another round of drinks the mojito I had for desert was ok as well.

This place reminds me of the Scottsdale stereo type where I was not blown away by the food and the normal overpriced drinks I can see this being a neutral watering hole where the cougar and trout come out of their lairs to play simultaneously during the cooler months. I did not see anyone dressed up so I am guessing thats more of a night thing. Overall this experience was 2 stars the ambiance and the drinks get one more. Super Strong drinks here and with the possibility that I ordered the wrong things this time I will be back to try more stuff and figure out what I like. I want to give more stars I really really do,  hopefully things wont be too confusing next time.
I went up to DC Ranch on a first date, new to the area so it was new to me. She suggested we initially meet here, but then changed her mind and this was our second stop. I was impressed with the space. It was a Friday night and I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded. We started there around 9. The bar is very trendy looking. We asked if we could be seated outside mainly because the music was just too loud. Granted I don't mind loud music, but considering hardly any one was in there and the  mood felt like it should have been more intimate, it was overstated. We did get to sit in a booth outside which was very nice. The booths were semicircle with high leather backs. On the table was this large candle holder. It looked like a glass brick which was about two feet high and six inches thick. And yes the glass was thick so the light was very dim. Normally I wouldn't complain about that, but when I asked to see the bar menu, it was close to impossible. I asked the waiter for more light so he brought over three of these things. Still not enough light. I finally asked another waiter who was walking by if he had a flashlight just so we could read the menu. And oddly he did have one of those pocket ones. FINALLY! I thought that was nice of him to do that. The night was very relaxing and from where we sat, there was a great painting with vibrant colors on the wall. It looked nice enough to want it in my house. I never asked the waiter for it though. We stayed there about an hour and a half and just talked.
This was my first encounter with Tapas and I have got to say, it was amazing!! My sister and I got the oppurtunity to attend the Yelp Elite Event held here, and we really enjoyed ourselves.

It's a FAAAR drive from my house (almost an hour!) but it was nice to have a change in scenary and pace. So we took my car out there and when we got there, we rode the elevator and were very impressed with their amazing decor. Swanky, fresh, and lusty... it was casual, chic and comfortable at the same time!

We were met with a very helpful staff who enjoyed seeing our reactions to all the great food! Maybe it was the entire pitcher of sangria I had to myself... but those were the BEST damned baby back ribs I have ever had! Sweet, spicy and falling off the bone! They were so succlent, I wanted to cry. I had a chance to talk with their head chef and complimented them on all the great food, the asparagus was devine as was the chorizo and potato dish! My favorite for the night! I guessed how it was made and wasn't told a THING! DAMNIT! (grrr!) I fell in love with the Spanish tortilla which is more like a frittata or really thick omlette. 

Every dish was spot on and made me want to cry... or was that the entire pitcher of sangria again? I unno, but it was incredible and the back patio was amazing! Perfect for parties and out door dining. I would recommend this for anyone willing to travel to it's far north location.

To my yelpers: if this is far for you, like it's far for me... I still say GO! Give sitting indoors a try and tell me how it goes. Order the baby back ribs and chorizo potatos and be ready to beg the chef for the secret recipe like I did! Try the sangria, but don't drink the entire pitcher like I did... I wound up talking about Dominatrix Dungens in an Applebee's parking lot that night!! Not a pretty sight! :(
I finally hit up the happy hour here I have to say I probably wont be back. 


The service was great, our server was really cool and helpful. The decor very nice, outside had great views. 

I ordered the chicken thing on the tapas menu. BAD! It tasted like Chinese food for 1. For two they used what I I believed was wing meat and left the skin on. It tasted like a mayo Asian grease dish. 

We also got the potato thingy on the tapas. I will say the texture they got the potato's to was amazing, then they screwed the whole thing up with the sauce. It was like a vinegar paprika sauce. 

Seriously this food tasted like it was made at like a friends house who is a pretty good cook.........at her house. 

This was not chef quality. 

The last tapas we got was this broccoli with an onion sauce. This was actually really really good. I would eat this all day, but for 5 dollars, which is not alot they give you 3 half's of large broccoli sprigs. 


Since the potato's were like eating a badly seasoned douche bag, the waitress took them back and we ordered a dessert instead. 


Of course I asked if they used anything with trans fat and the server went and asked the kitchen. She came back and said they cooks were like NO WAY!!! This made me feel really good. We got the chocolate tart, very good.
After having been here for the Yelp OYE and reading the amazing reviews, Sol y Sombra was high on my list of places of try. When my parents came to town, my husband and I knew that  a visit to Sol y Sombra was definitely in order. Last night we finally got that chance.

The space is gorgeous. Dark, understated, and very elegant. The restaurant wasn't very busy when we got there but we were eating a bit early, so we weren't surprised. I do have to say, I liked the size of the tables. So often, eating tapas means a conglomeration of plates on the table that crowds everything.

So here's the deal. I've been to Spain. I've had my fair share of tapas. This isn't Spain, and of course the little things that make eating tapas in Spain special aren't translated (you know, like sitting outdoors with a view of La Sagrada Familia in the distance). That said, Sol y Sombra does a fantastic job. We ate an incredible amount. We started with the scallops and the potatoes. The potatoes weren't amazing, but I loved their crispiness. I'm not a huge scallop fan, but I did like the lemon rice they were served with. Other highlights was the tortilla espanola (the egg and potato frittata like thing) and the brussel sprouts. To be quite honest, each item was amazing. We ended with a maple custard with candied butternut squash. I generally am not a fan of custard but this was phenomenal. I also loved that the wine menu was all Spanish wines. The sommelier was interesting. To be quite honest, I have yet to meet a sommelier that doesn't have a pretentious vibe and he was no different. But that said, it's not like we spent hours talking with him so it's not like we cared.

We had a wonderful server. He made great suggestions, even if we didn't choose them all. He did a great job of making sure the food was staggered a bit so we weren't overloaded with plates. Other people around the restaurant came by to refill water or clear plates. I seriously don't think a plate sat empty at our table for more than 3 minutes. 

It was a perfect cap to the weekend, and I hope to return to Sol y Sombra soon.
I hate to be predictable and rave about the happy hour, but I have to rave about the happy hour. 

YUMMY! All the $1 tapas items are GREAT. Especially the tortilla espanola, ham croquettes, bacon wrapped stuffed dates, do I have your attention yet? I paired these little loves with a few of the 'Matador' drinks ($5 at happy hour). I know that there is tequila in them, don't ask me to remember the rest! All I know is "it tastes so good when it hits your lips"! 
A cocktail that isn't overly sweet with a great kick. 

Everything was great, loved the atmosphere. There were 12 of us, we had lots and lots of nibbles, drinks, and the bill was just about $200. You do the math.... that's a GREAT deal! Seems like a great place for a date, a girls night out, a place you want to go to impress, dress and de-stress....
Came here for drinks (no food) after dinner. It was pretty noisey inside so we headed out to the patio. It was great. It was a chilly night so my boyfriend and I had a couch under a heat lamp and a blanket (which they provided) and the patio all to ourselves. I enjoyed a couple of great glasses of wine and they played music in the background.
Just a quick update to note that I have now been here for dinner several times, and I reiterate my 5-star rating.
I love living near this place.  I'm a big fan of tapas and have tasted nearly everything on the menu, as well as brunch (which is AMAZING).  A couple of items not to miss are the octopus, the fried anchovies, and the brussles sprouts.  David is also great with his wine selection.  Be sure to ask him for help if you don't know your Spanish varietals.  Don't miss this place if you are in the mood for great food and wonderful decor.  The place is hoppin as well later at night.
Yesterday I met three girlfriends at Sol y Sombra for brunch at noon. I had made a reservation, but when we arrived, it was apparent it was not necessary because the entire inside was empty and there was only one couple on the patio. By the time we left at 2 pm, only one other table on the patio was sat. I'm thinking that many people may not know Sol has brunch since they are only open for dinner every other night of the week.

The only disappointing part of Sol's brunch is that there are only two "breakfast" choices on the menu - almond french toast served with a side of maple syrup and a side of chocolate sauce and a egg, cheese and chorizo sandwich. We ordered both, as well as Sol favorites tortilla espagnola, artichokes, patatas bravas, gambas, and scallops. I liked the egg sandwich because it did not have a ton of chorizo on it, nor a very chorizo-like flavor (can you tell I'm not a fan of chorizo?). The almond french toast was really good and a hit with our group, although we all decided we preferred it with the maple syrup rather than the chocolate sauce. One of my dining companions had never been to Sol before (the other three of us had), but now she can't wait to go back for dinner.

The two best parts of brunch (other than the fabulous food) were $5 mimosas and the fact that we had a coupon for half off our brunch (my friend received it when she dined at Sol for NYE), so our total bill came to $57.
My guy and I LOVE this place.  We left so happy with our experience that we couldn't stop talking about it for days!  The tapas is gourmet and absolutely fabulous!  The drinks were wonderful as well.  The decor is AWESOME!  The staff was great.  We had a reservation on a Friday night and we needed it.  

Honestly, the only thing that we did not like about this restaurant is that it was EXPENSIVE!  Everything else is kick-ass!
This place is just down the road from me and I wish I frequented it more often. It's got a distinct DC Ranch vibe, so be forewarned, you should put on your nice shoes before you head out. The food is so vibrant, though. Don't expect the stuffy steaks and salmon fillets you'd find at other spots in the neighborhood. 

I've been a couple of times and each time I've been pleased. The atmosphere is lively and loud, but it's got an intimate, classy interior and a rockin' patio that overlooks the McDowells. I've heard people complain that the employees are too stuffy, but I've never had a problem. Their bar rules, the cocktails are pricey but extremely satisfying and the desserts do not disappoint.

I just have to go ahead and recommend about every damn thing on the menu. It's constantly revolving, so I won't get too specific, but think spicy Spanish plates to share. They have excellent homefry-like little nuggets of spuds that are dipped in a spicy red aoili and fried up. I had a piece of grouper that was unbelievable. And the beef spare rib fell off the bone, and had some nice spice and smokiness. 

Overall, it's a great weekend spot... even better with a bigger group so you can try lots of plates and share. It's hard to find any tapas spots this far north, and it's certainly one of the better spots in the neighborhood.
Yea. this place rocks. It's fun - food is great - it's a WONDERFUL place to take out of towners, business cohorts, and friends. 
The food is just superb.
The service CAN BE spotty - but I wouldn't knock them down a star just for that.
It just rocks.
I'm officially in love with Sol Y Sombra. I wasn't sure if I had room in my heart to love another tapas place, but turns out I'm shameless and can love many at one time. 

My visit to Sol y Sombra was on a beautiful spring evening. Mr. Hottie and I decided to go out on a date. There was a nice breeze so we chose to sit outside. We were greeted by a server that was QUITE enthusiastic almost to the point of annoyance, but hey he was friendly and attentive. 

We looked over the menu and I suggested that we order every single item on it. I was reigned in and made to pick out 6 dishes. We ordered the: 
*Tortilla Espanola -amazing, I could have devoured the whole slice by myself. 
*Brussels sprouts- I didn't like them. For some reason the cook must have gone crazy with the lemon. We sent them back. 
*Chilled Asparagus w/Romanesco sauce- YUM! Big thick spears of asparagus covered with a creamy red sauce. 
*Gambas a la plancha- LARGE shrimp with a garlic aioli. The shrimp were tender and juicy. Fantastic. 
*Skirt steak ala plancha with romanesco sauce- tender, juicy nice char flavor and more of that glorious sauce. 

We washed it all down with copious amounts of sangria and I was in heaven! 

I will CERTAINLY return to Sol y Sombra again! It was a relaxing spot with great food and good service.
Funny thing to say, I have to agree with ALL of the reviews. The food is very fresh and well thought out (althought the chicken dish left much to be desired... it DID taste like wing meat and imparted a not-so-pleasant aftertaste). The decor is a little cold, too contemporary; it might cozy things up to add a few softer touches, like more flowers, softer art. The industrial feel didn't mesh with the warmth of Spanish food. Anyway, the four of us enjoyed each dish, and the lightness of the flavors, but it is easy to rack up a $160 tab (with only four alcoholic and two non-alcoholic drinks) by ordering 9 plates and two desserts. In all honesty, we wanted a taste of everything because of the variety on the menu. The chocolate tort was outstanding! But I have to say, my lasting impression is that I am not likely to return, only because the food was just good, not overly memorable. To get the context of my tastes, we enjoy Chelsea's, LGO, Barrio Cafe, Zinc Bistro...

By all means, try this restaurant. It is worth a visit.
very good. we sat at the bar to get the happy hour prices.  all the tapas were 5 bucks.  the sangria was very good and strong.  The bartenders were easy on the eyes. I loved the olives with piquillo peppers and pickled garlic. it was just the same as I have had in Spain. it wasn't cheap, we still spent about $60 just on tapas and two drink each but we left full and happy. If we lived in AZ we'd be back at least once a month.
Also found this place on Yelp, and Yelpers were very helpful again.  With all these reviews, I'll just say that the olives, tortilla, and calamari were all great.  The artichoke was also great, though messy to eat--I recommend it but eating it around people you are not trying to impress.  Dave had the duck, and gives it a 7 on a scale of 1-10.  I don't eat duck, so I didn't try it.  

I did try the white and red sagrias, as well as the matador and the mojito.  All drinks were very tasty and great additions to our meal.  For dessert we had the chocolate tart--delicious.

Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.  We did have a hard time finding the place, even once we were in the parking lot and in front of a map.  You have to go find the stairs, then go up them, then find the door.  This place could have been easier to find.
I really wanted to like this place, I did. What with the tapas and the good reviews it has, I figured that I was in for a real treat. And while the ambiance of the restaurant definitely delivered - a cool, dark interior with comfy booths and high-back chairs isn't somthing I scoff at - the food, well...it left something to be desired. 

Let me commend our waitress though, because she was great - no complaints about the service itself. And also: my diet coke came with its own carafe...how cool is that? Definitely an awesome idea.

Now for the bad news: the tapas themselves. We began by asking for our waitress' recommendations on food, and ended up ordering four dishes that she mentioned (five total):
  -  Tortilla Espanola: This was one that she didn't mention, but some Yelpers did, so we started with what appeared to be potatoes au gratin, minus the cheese, served in the form of deep-dish pie with sour cream drizzled on top. That's the best way I know how to describe it. And it was pretty good, but...very rich. A little more than I was wanting/expecting for my first dish, but this one we actually did end up finishing.
  -  Calamari with smoked paprika and citrus aioli: I'm an ailoi fan myself, but something about this particular one didn't do it for me...it was just way too citrus-y, I think. I'm pretty sure that we only ended up eating half the bowl - and it wasn't a huge bowl.
  -  Grilled short ribs with Salbitxada and green onion: short ribs are probably one of my fav dishes of all time, so believe me when I say I've had a few in my lifetime - and these were just not cutting it in any way. I'm willing to admit that this could just be because they were too underdone for my taste, which is, of course, a matter of preference. But even the outer, more done parts didn't have great flavor, and the bizarre stuff underneath wasn't exactly delectable...I took a bite of it, having no clue what it was, and was quite unpleasantly surprised by the flavor/texutre...yikes. We didn't end up finishing this dish, either.
  -  Seared Alaskan halibut with carrot sauce and dungeness crab salad: All of the components of this dish just sort of...clashed. It's hard to explain, but the weird flavor combo completely overshadowed what was actually pretty decent halibut...how sad.
  -  Grilled brocolli, caramelized onion sauce, sea salt and olive oil: This was probably the best thing we ordered...pretty good flavor and grilled. Still, not good enough to get again.

None of the food was spit-it-into-your-napkin-because-you-can't-swallow-it bad (if it was, this place would be getting a heck of a lot fewer stars than 3), but it just...wasn't that good. I don't think I'd order any of the items that we got again. Granted, they have a lot of other dishes on their menu, but...these were all things that our waitress recommended! So if these are their top-shelf dishes, I don't see much reason for me to ever come back.
I had heard this place was tasty and went to happy hour to try it out.   Some of the items were really tasty and some were just okay.  I tried a fair amount of the small tapas menu, it was only $1. =)  They have bigger portions for $5.  The white sangria was yummy and my friend had a pomegrante drink that wasn't overly sweet.  They have a special event going on every Tuesday,  the sommelier has an hour long class on wines from a specific region.  I believe the $30 price includes tasting and food.  It seemed interesting.  I am thinking about coming back just for that.
Great place for tapas! I really enjoy this restaurant for a couple reasons. 1 being that they change the menu constantly and 2 being that each item on the menu is always good. Some are better than others, but the worst thing on their menu is good.

I love going with 2 or 3 other people so we can order a variety of things and I can try new and different kinds of food. Sol Y Sombra is always a nice change of pace from other Scottsdale eateries. 

Nice cocktail and wine list also.
Such a great place- 
Great ambiance & atmosphere and the food is incredible.

Strongly suggest to any newbies to try the Pollo Colonial w/ sweet and spicy glaze and the patatas Bravas: [spicy potatoes] the portions are enough for 2 (in some cases). Chase that meal with some of their House Sangria and you are set. 

The staff was very friendly and courteous. If you're looking to take your significant other out or possibly going out for a first date, this is a great place.
The Mr and I love to go to San Francisco.. we try to go at least once a year. During the time we aren't there are always hip on reading about it and staying on top of what's going on there. I'm not talking about what color pleather is going to match what feather boa (Oh nelly!).. for us SF is about as center of the universe as you can get for foodie goodness! Some of the sexiest and tastiest restaurants we've been are in SF. Many cater to a more sophisticated diner as well as take advantage of the local artisan breads, cheeses and produce.

Then along came Methode. 

When we walked into the space we knew that they were onto something. Rustic chic I think would be the way Id describe the space. Very comfortable, sexy and romantic. The staff was warm and inviting
leading us to our table. While the dining room was pretty full the noise levels were very minimal.. I think due to the fact that most seemed to be there for a romantic dinner (close talkers and such). 

Being curious foodies we ordered the heck out of the menu.. sweet corn soup, foie gras and sweetbreads. Oh how I love sweetbreads! Corn soup, was off the chain!

Dinner was Risotto for the Mr and Prime Rib Deconstruct for me. Yes and yes and yes some more.. toes were curling.. eyes rolling back in head.. we are talking about food here right? 

The service and the kitchen were spot on, from the presentations, food temp and timeliness we were back in SF.. it doesn't get to be 110 in SF, back to reality.
Don't let the negative reviews about "Methode Bistro" affect your decision to dine there. The restaurant is off the charts!!! The cuisine is exquisite and the service is impeccable. I had the squab and foie gras appetizer (by the way, methode is one of the few places in town that actually serves foie gras now that Mary Elaine's and Marquesa are closed). 

The Paella entree was so robust in flavor - and by far the best and most well seasoned dish I haved had in any restaurant. Presentation was stunning and the flavors were amazing.

My only complaint, which does not even fault the restaurant is that the serving of foie gras are too small. Keep up the good work and best wishes for continued success.
This was one of the few actual culinary experiences that I have had so far in Arizona.  I'm giving it 4 stars, its really a 4.5 review but I'm rounding down on this one because the little things that would have pushed it to a 5 star review just weren't there.  (No amuse bouche, no sommelier, server failed to know what cheeses on our cheese plate were which)  I have other 5 star reviews for places where these things are not present, but here at Methode I expected them since they are trying to be a fine dining establishment.

We started off with a good bottle of wine, a nice French white recommended by our server that wasn't on the wine list.  It really went well with everything we ordered.  For an appetizer we started with the Camembert cheese baked in croissant dough which is served with jam and a side of strawberries in orange.  It was good and large enough to split, but felt slightly as if we were eating a glorified grilled cheese.  The selection of a more flavorful cheese would have really set the dish apart.  For an entree I chose the gnocchi with braised pork.  The gnocchi was savory and the pork serving was bountiful and tender.  My husband selected the roasted chicken with sage beignets, he was intrigued by the idea of a sage beignet which turned out to just be a deep fried sage leaf and not really at all like the beignets we are accustomed to.  The chicken itself was moist and flavorful, and the portion was much larger than what he was expecting.  For dessert we selected the cheese plate (which was good, although limited) and followed that with a chocolate pot du creme which was heavenly.  My husband also had a cappuccino which was very good.  

The atmosphere and service were perfect compliments.  Even before we had arrived, the host was very cordial and accommodating when making our reservation, trying to fit us in even though he had a full dining room and a private party in the lounge.  Our server was attentive without being obtrusive, replaced our flatware between courses and folded my napkin seconds after I had excused myself from the table.  I liked that even the host would periodically stop by between courses and make sure everything was going well.  Since there was the private party in the lounge/bar area we were in the side dining room but the bar/lounge looked lovely.  (They offer a happy hour that I really want to try, 3 tapas for $10 and half off all beers and wines by the glass)  There is one table in the dining room in which we were seated that was a large old oak table topped with candelabras with gobs of melted wax and a beautiful flower arrangement.  I loved that table so much I wanted to come back with a group of friends to be able to sit there!  (If you are coming with a group I would definitely request it)  Although there is no dress code I noticed that most men were wearing jackets, and failing that, collared shirts.  

All in all Methode was a lovely dining experience, one that I would not hesitate to repeat.  Our final bill came to $150, including a $55 bottle of wine, which is very reasonable.  For a small bistro in a strip mall in Scottsdale it was quite a find.
I discovered this hidden gem while shopping at TJ's and returned for Happy Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F.  The patio is in the afternoon shade and far enough off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Happy Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15.  The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the fresh prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor.  The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and tempting to order a bowl the next time around.  The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon  was an unusual combination to my culinary experience and superb in flavor.  The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass.  In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8.  I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo...

Update 4-25-08 - Happy Hour season ended this week... tappas special  no longer available but the thin crust pepperoni makes a good starter.  Entrees are in the $$$ range...
This was, food wise, the best restaurant in Phoenix.

Unfortunately I say food wise because it is no longer in operation and is now a restaurant called Bistro Italiano. Totally different ownership/management.
I loved this place.. going to miss it terribly!
Wow! What a surprise!
Go Here!

Tucked in the lobby of the Shereton Airport hotel at 52nd St & Broadway in Tempe.

 My big complaint: the chairs are too low to the ground. That's it.

Appetizers: Ravioli in cream sauce, Pan grilled soft cheese (NOT mozzarella), shredded chicken nachos, hot & spicy shrimp.

Pre-meal: Tortilla soup w/chicken & avocado, Southwestern style salad w/blue cheese.

Meal: Center cut Angus filet w balsamic reduction & Spicy Shrimp.

Dessert: Chocolate Kahlua Mousse Pie - Decadent!, Creme Brulee, Deep Fried Ice Cream.

I don't really have anything to comment on because everything was so good! Been here twice looking forward to visit number three!
I just ate at this place and the food was just amazing. 
This was what i had

CHILI RELLENOS
A breaded fresh Poblano pepper stuffed with Chevre and melted Asadero cheese and baby shrimp layered over a bed of shredded cabbage. Served with chipotle cream sauce, southwest black beans and yellow posole.
The posole was a perfect side and the pepper was perfectly breaded and fried.
Its about $18 but it was totally worth it and just amazing.
I went here due to a Restaurant.com coupon. The menu was expensive, which made me think that it was a fancy place, but it turns out that the food was expensive because it was a restaurant inside a hotel! It was inside the Sheraton and I didn't see any signs outside indicating it was there. We'd made reservations since it was a Friday night, but they really weren't necessary, as there were only two other families in the restaurant. We'd dressed up. We were the only ones.

The restaurant area was really very modern beautiful. They'd made good use of lighting effects and there was a large, full bar wrapped along the back portion.

We ordered the Pan-Seared Cheese (which were basically fried cheese poppers - delicious, but definitely overpriced considering only 4 of them came on a plate) as an appetizer. My date ordered the Baron's Burger (your basic burger), and I ordered the Valley of the Sun Ribs. The ribs were a little dry, but I really loved the "Arizona croquette" that came with them. It was fried crispy on the outside with creamy mashed potatoes on the inside.

With the restaurant.com coupon, the meal was reasonably priced, but without it, I would have felt a little ripped off.
My husband and I ate here Saturday night, using a Groupon I'd recently purchased. We enjoyed the open atmosphere and great service, and we were entertained by what appeared to be a large wedding or graduation party. Despite the fact that their kitchen had to have been extremely busy with such a large group, our meal was absolutely delicious! I had the portabella mushroom dish, and my husband had penne pasta with chicken - both excellent and a pleasant surprise! Yes, a little pricey, but definitely worth it. We'll be back!
Wow, this place was so terrible. We had a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate that we bought for $2.50, and we still didn't think it was worth it. Service is super slow, the atmosphere is terrible (its in the lobby of a Sheraton by the airport) and the food is the worst of all.

We started off with the nachos and they were decent. The service was brutally slow even though barely anyone was there, we had to repeatedly ask for refills on our soda, and our dinner took forever to arrive.

We ordered a bean and cheese burrito for our daughter (not on the kids menu???) and it came full of tons of non kid friendly things like peppers and onions. My wife ordered the taco salad and it came with guac and sour cream on it (which the menu didn't say) and it didn't come with a black bean salsa that the menu did say it came with.

I ordered a fish dish served over gnocchi which was really bland. The only good entree at the table was the Chorizo Chicken.

Anyway, just don't go here.
Wifey and I went here a few months ago for lunch with a Restaurant.com gift certificate. I had a French dip sandwich and wifey had some sort of a salad. the food was OKAY, but the atmosphere was jus odd. it's in the lobby of a hotel, and I felt just weird. The server was nice, but the place was dead as dead gets and it was just waaaay out of place.
I went there for a very early dinner prior to going to a baseball game. Arrived before 3:30 and there was no wait staff, so we sat at the bar. Not a big deal given the time of day. I ordered the fish tacos, which came out as to tacos with some excellent black beans, good corn, and chees and salsa. The tacos were pretty good, but at $15, I expected a bit more. It's a very pricey restaurant for a little commuter hotel. 

I was compleed to go to this restaurant because of a groupon offer for $30 worth of food for $15, but two entrees and two beers came to $45! I'm not sure it was worth "saving" $15.
When traveling for business, I've dined at hundreds of in-hotel restaurants. The food is safe, bland, unexceptional and overpriced.  Frankly that's what I expected when we stopped in to Fire & Spice. Thankfully, I was very wrong.

The food offered is creative southwestern cuisine with a nod towards Sonora and northern New Mexico. The basics of salsa, beans and corn were all excellent and the enchiladas were delicious. The service was great as well.

Thanks for exceeding my expectations!
My husband and I went here on a Saturday night for dinner because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. Yes, it's in the Sheraton, and yes it's near the airport with not much else around, but I have to say- we were both impressed. 

We started with the Gambas al Fuego, which were deliciously spicy (although I thought that $10 for four shrimp was a bit excessive, no matter how tasty they were). We both had house salads with blue cheese dressing- I think you can tell a lot about the quality of a place by their salads. They used fresh field greens, the tomatoes were perfect and sweet, and even the thinly sliced onions were sweet and delicious. The blue cheese dressing was fantastic, and had actual chunks of blue cheese. I was impressed, for a hotel restaurant. For our entrees, I had the hickory smoked baby back ribs (good, but not phenomenal) and husband ordered the chorizo chicken- I am so glad he shared a bite with me, because it was awesome. I was really wishing I'd gotten that instead of the ribs. Oh, and I especially wanted to mention the asparagus that came with my ribs- tender, cooked just right, and flavorful. This place uses quality ingredients.

If it wasn't so out of the way, we would definitely come by regularly. My husband was especially enticed by the prime rib melt sandwich, so I think we'll be back during lunch in the near future. 

The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars was that the atmosphere was pretty dead. Which I suppose is understandable, given that it's inside the Sheraton. The decor was nice though. They should have a free standing restaurant in an area with more traffic- this place would be a hit.
This place did a really good job of making it seem like this wasn't your typical hotel lounge/restaurant.  From their website to the look of the menus you would think that this place was a bona fide decent hotel dining establishment.   Unfortunately, the place is just that - a standard lounge inside a hotel that happens to serve food.

My wife and I tried a bunch of their small plates and they were all decent but not memorable.  Everything was ok but nothing I would return for.  It was only one step above typical hotel lounge food.

On the plus side:

* There are several coupons floating around out there that can give you a few bucks off
* Our waiter was very very friendly but clearly overworked.  Its like they don't expect more than 5 people to be in the entire place even though they advertise like mad
* They have several Four Peaks beers and even offer a sampler which is a rarity for several bars out here that ought to carry it
Tortilla soup is delicious, spicy and reasonably priced.  Not cheesy like max and ermas and not like a vegetable broth like at many Mexican restaurants, thick and stewy.  Potato Bacon corm chowder was good but bot as chunky as I had hoped.  But is you don't want spicy this tasty.  The creme brulee has coconut milk in it and is AMAZING.
I stayed in the Sheraton and got room service from this place.  I ordered the salad with balsamic vinegarette dressing, the pan seared salmon and the cookies and milk for dessert.

The salad was pretty tasty.  I enjoyed it.  It was a combination of romaine lettuce, spinach, tomatoes, and freshly sliced onions.  With the dressing, it was very good.

The pan seared salmon was lightly seasoned.  It was served over some gnocchi, spinach and some tasty sauce.  I thought it was pretty good.  Not the best, but pretty good. I really enjoyed the combination of the gnocchi and the spinach with the whole meal.  It really complimented the salmon nicely.

The cookies and milk was a nice way to finish off my dinner.  I read on the menu that it was supposed to be 2 chocolate chip cookies and 2 white chocolate chip and macadamia nut cookies served with a warm tall glass of milk.  Instead, they gave me 4 chocolate chip cookies, but I couldn't complain.  The cookies were nice and warm and so delicious.  They were the kind of cookies that were soft and would melt in your mouth.  They were very thick and chunky because they had so many chocolate chips in them.  I really enjoyed that dessert.  It kind of reminded me of the pizookie (minus the ice cream), but  in a smaller and slightly thicker form.  

Overall, I enjoyed my food.   I wouldn't mind sampling some of the other things on their menu if I had the chance.
My husband and I went there tonight for the first time and loved it. There was a convention of some sort but once they moved into their hall the noise level dropped to a comfortable level.

We were seated quickly and out of the way from the crowd of conventioners. Our server was Drake and he was great. He knew exactly when to tend to us and when to let us be. He was prompt in bringing us our complimentry bread that came with oil, butter and jalapeno jelly. They bread was nice and warm without being too hot. 

My husband had the 12oz Striploin and I had the 6oz Filet Mignon both ordered at medium rare. They were cooked perfectly. The asparagus was cooked just right and not over done. My only "compliant" would be that the mashed potatoes could have been a bit warmer.

Since it was a Friday night and they were having something called "Social Friday" (or something like that) we got a free dessert when you bought 2 entrees. We chose the creme brulee. I loved the flavour of the caramel and coconut! Mmmmmm it was subtle but you could taste it. I would have given 5 stars if the dessert would have not been so thick. It was tasty but had the consistency of a mouse rather than creme brulee.

The value was reasonable for what we got ($53 after taxes) and the entertainment book coupon made it even better (down to $32) and we will be back to use the lunch coupon and possibly the restaurant gc we have.
This was the first and last time I will visit this sunny establishment. Please let me start by saying don't be fooled by the name thinking you may get some spice in your meal when visiting this establishment. I would like to enlighten any potential consumers on the epic failure of the evening I just experienced. Failure number one, they had our reservation incorrect and multiple times mentioning that we had made the reservation incorrectly. Failure number two, your menu on-line does not match your actual menu. When you say you have Hatch green chili on the menu make sure you can actually serve it. Multiple times I asked about the spice and was told it was very spicy, and was disappointed at the lack there of. I am a lover of New Mexico green chili, so if you compare your food to it you shouldn't be light years off on the descriptions.

Third failure of the night was dumping a full ice cold drink down the side of my leg and back of my pants. Not only was I upset at the fact you soaked my jeans, but then offended at the idea the server was going to get a blow dryer and dry off my pants. If I wanted to wear my jeans straight out of the washing machine, I would have done so but thank you to the service staff, they took liberty of doing that for me. So, you want me to take off my pants to blow dry them you say, failure number four. 

Epic failure number five was the sub-par meals that followed along with the "flaming" drink that is not worth ordering The food was by far the worst thing of the night, which compared to everything else would seem like nothing. If you think you are going to get food, turn around and go back home and eat a bean burrito.  

After all that we attempted to salvage the evening with some humor, but then comes failure number six. When the bill arrives we were told that although the server dumped a drink all over me, nothing could be done to adjust the bill. It was just a little liquid as I was reminded by the server AND the manager. I wasn't looking to make a scene but when I stood up from the table, someone asked me if I had an "accident" (I'm 29 and housebroken). Even to this point, I was just annoyed. 

This brings us to failure number 7, when paying for the bill we presented our overly intelligent server a $50 visa card and asked her to run the card for that amount, and came back letting us know it was declined. In surprise, I look up the account information on my phone to only see of the $50 loaded on the card the previous day a $48 charge was in the transaction history for Fire and Spice. When we asked the server, she responded by asking if we had ever stayed in a hotel before and how there is an "incidental" charge which is why the card didn't go through. I asked for the manager at this point, who felt it was okay to tell me again that the bill was now being discounted because of the small spill on me. So after showing him the charge on-line he then got his second level manager. 

Oh boy, if you are in the mood for being told you are an idiot, this is the guy to talk to! Failure number 8. When you walk into a customer service situation as the second level manager in an issue, normally one would look to diffuse the situation and not escalate it. Not this guy, he enjoys full confrontation with customers. Not to mention he also witnessed the events of the night unfold and rather than offering to make the situation better, he chose the much higher route of saying that clearly our card was declined because there wasn't enough money on it even after seeing the transaction history of the card, with their establishment as the only charge. Nothing he said made sense and walked away as if we bothered him by asking for an explanation of the charge. 

So here's to you manager's of Fire and Spice at the Sheraton Hotel in Tempe, AZ.. keeping it classy and bringing in customers to make them feel warm a fuzzy inside. Beware hospitality is at it's finest in this establishment!  WINNING!!!!
Had a good experience last evening.   First time I have visited this eating establishment.   I generally think food at hotels are less than adequate.   However, the food at First and Spice was excellant.     I had the Braised Pork Shank; very good and my wife had the Southwest Grilled New York Strip.    She said it was one of the best tasting steaks she has had in a long time.   Also had the red chile horseradish dip.  Great.    Highly recomend trying their faire.      Prices are a bit high but the quality of the food offsets the price.     By the way the desserts: Homemade White Chocolate Bread Pudding and Kahlus+ Chocolate Toffee Mousse Cake were both very good.   The bread pudding as good as I have tasted.
The food in this place was crazy good, but the atmosphere was a little weird with in a noisy/convention/commuter type hotel. We went there with a Restaurant.com gift certificate and really weren't sure what to expect. It was a little pricey but I would definitely go there again... with another deal.

I ordered the salmon which was melt in your mouth good. The Mango Habanero Margarita... that's apparently award winning... was a little spicier than I would've expected, but I'm a sucker for a house specialty drink.  

Our server was very knowledgeable about suggesting meals, drinks and desserts. On the negative side, the menu advertised a smores kit to make smores on the pool deck... we were told that hasn't ever been available but we ordered them anyway (pre-made) and they were delicious.
The menu selection got my attention to try this place for my monthly ladies' lunch (co-workers).  This place is inside the Sheraton hotel and in the middle of the hotel (openly) so you see all the busy traffic of people.  

I ordered the AZ Steak Melt (shaved steak sirloin cooked and topped with asadero cheese) and regular fries.  The sandwich was ok, not much flavors.  The fries were good.  

The service however was great.  But the food was just OK.
We went here for dinner, I made reservations not knowing what to expect. No need at all to make them, its a walk in place and you just sit yourself at an available table. First impression of the place was, "oh no what did we get our selves into". The restaurant is inside the lobby of the sheraton and is open, so you can see anyone just walking around the hotel. We had dinner at 9:30pm so was not too much traffic but there was an entertainer convention going on, so was very noisy and then when they had an intermisssion we got to see some interesting looking people. It was a lil bit of some nice entertainment. I could see how that could be annoying with all the background noise. First off we started with some cocktails, I had the orange margarita with sugar on the rim, was delicious, and Javier had the house special Fire and spice, it tasted just like a classic margarita (nothing special). Appetizer: we shared the Gambas al fuego. So for $10.00 you get 4 shrimps, (they were delicious) but for $10.00 I expect a lil bit more food. It wasn't even the jumbo shrimp, just normal size. Besides the price and quantity, this dish was delicious. It had a mango salsa that was sooooo good. It had jicama, mango, red bell pepper, cilantro, chile and lime. I think i will try to recreate this at home. So Im glad this is the appetizer we chose, but I will not be getting it again just because of the portion. On a side note, they give you a basket of bread, which is actually soft pretzel sticks. and you get 3 condiments to dip it into.Oil (which I think needed some spices for more flavor), jalepno jelly (ya I know, but surprisingly good), and a sweet/nutty butter.  For the main course: I got the chorizo chicken (chicken stuffed with chorizo and cheese) with a chipotle sauce on top, it came wth ranchero beans( i didnt like these, but thats just my preference, I enjoy more authentic tasting beans) and jalepeno cheese rice, (this was very good, and the cheese dishes are made with white cheddar). Javier had the bbq short ribs (he loved these) and came with jalepeno mac n cheese( this was extra cheesey) , but very good. And finally I ordered dessert, creme brulee. Now I may not be the person to ask because this is my all time favorite dessert, but I have definaltly had better. There was nothing special to it. But I couldnt leave with out trying it. I will be returning here to try other menu items, I just with they would change the location or open up another location in the valley.
Wonderful strawberry chicken salad.  Comfortable.  Awesome cheesecake.
I spent 3 nights at the Sheraton and since there are really no restaurants of any kind within walking distance of this hotel, I just braved it and had a few meals here while attending a 3 day conference. First day I had a turkey wrap for lunch which was yummy and quite filling. I asked the waiter for water, but I got served a Pepsi instead and got charged for it on top of it. Free refill though. Wish they had Coke as I hate Pepsi and all you can get in the hotel including the vending machines is Pepsi. Next meal I had was a dinner the next night. Ordered chicken enchiladas and they were just fine along with 2 beers that were a bit overpriced. Last night there I had dinner. Ordered the 8 oz fillet and it was made to perfection. Overall, very good service with the exception of the slip in of the Pepsi for the water the first day. Alcohol is a bit steep in price, but food is moderately priced for the amount you get, so overall, they get 4 stars. Very good, but not excellent. Just wish there were some other places to eat in the area without having to drive somewhere or take a cab to get out of the hotel.
Went for lunch, great experience.  Cody did a great job.  Great food in the lobby of a great hotel!
As a Seattle tourist in the enormous sprawl of Arizona, I couldn't quite wrap my head around the idea that there was not a single restaurant in walking distance of my hotel, the Red Roof Inn. I mean literally, not one. Gorgeous scenery, but no food. Car culture, I guess. 

Anyway, not wanting to brave whatever the RRI might have had in the way of a restaurant (not sure they had anything, actually), I wandered around pathetically in the blazing sun until I psyched out that this place was inside the Sheraton. 

The menu was, for me, bizarre. Shrimps and salsas were thrown together with avocados and steaks... Maybe it really did feature traditional Southwest food... I guess I'm used to TexMex. Everything was also outside my budget, and they didn't have anything simple on the whole menu (even their sour cream was chipotle-flavored). BUT the nice lady server took pity on me and hooked me up with a $6 quesadilla and some tasty salsa, so in the end I was a pretty happy camper. Even though my iced tea was a ludicrous $2.50. That's hotels for ya!
Good enough for a lunch break where you want something different but nothing mind blowing.  Dinner service might be more interesting than lunch.
The food here was nothing to rave about, but the service was superb, and eating outside by the pool under the hanging lights on a warm Phoenix night was awesome. 

Like I said, the food was just OK. I had a veggie foccacia sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was bland, and the sweet potato fries were slightly burnt. The waitress was really sweet and went in the back searching for sauces and things to make my food tastier and came out with a nice jalapeño aioli and some maple syrup for the sweet potato fries (try it, its great). 

I ate with 6 others, and they ordered a variety of things off the menu. No one was particularly impressed with the food. 

This was our second time here, and both times they were sold out of the duck tacos - the things everyone wanted to try the most. The waitress said they were probably going away for good sometime in the near future. 

We had two yelp checkins here, and were offered 2 free desserts (1 free dessert with the purchase of 2 entrees x 2) - woot woot for yelp check-in deals. We had the bread pudding and the mocha toffee mouse. They were both OK - combining small bites of them created a nice hot/cold dessert experience.

What saved this place however was our waitress and the ambiance. Our waitress was just the sweetest girl, and genuinely wanted to take care of us, and she gets lots of bonus points. 

While the ambiance inside was nothing special, outside it was semi magical. The warm t-shirt weather night, the hanging string lights floating above our table, the blue lit swimming pool, red lit jaccuzzi, and the large gas firepit/fireplace behind us all created a sort of mystical pseudo summer tropical vacation experience (yes, in Phoenix). 

We may be staying at this hotel quite a bit, and while I'm not particularly excited about the food, I'll probably come back for the ambiance and the service.
I was staying at the hotel. So, I decided to try this place. After you order they give you a pretzel bread stick and biscuit with a habanero butter and jalapeño jelly. If I was rating on this alone I would give it at least 4 stars. I ordered the duck tacos. The portions were huge. I mean really big. The tacos did not have much flavor though. I was surprised since duck is kind of a fatty meat. But, it was a little dry. I understand some people will take portion size over excellent flavor. This restaurant does not present themselves this way considering they have items like filet mignon on the menu. So, a little bit of an identity crisis here. And, I am a little confused how to rate it on value because of portion size. But, I would have gone to a hole in the wall taco shack if I wanted that I guess.
Had a coupon and came here on a Sunday night for steak. We had the NY strip and filet. The strip was seasoned well and cooked right, and the filet was very tender. The flavor on the strip was better than the filet, but no complaints. The potatoes and asparagus were great compliments (esp the grilled asparagus) and didn't leave anyone still hungry. We'd certainly come back for the steak and they always seem to have some specials and/or coupons for budget friendly eats!
I have been to this restaurant 5 plus times. Its in a hotel, not the best hotel, but we come for the food. Its always wonderful. Last night we had the chicken chorizo and pork shank and again we left amazed. I would put it up there with some of the greatest dishes I have had from Michael Mina or Maestro's. For sure worth a visit.
The Baja Fish Tacos had the right amount of spice, but I still added more with the pico that came with it. Big serving - 3 flour tortillas each filled to the max. The fish was battered and fried which I would change and it took nearly 25 minutes to get them, but I was sitting at the bar watching MNF so maybe they were slow on purpose. They can out fresh and piping hot.  Overall worth the money. 

Tried the creme brûlée based on another review. Solid tasty.
AZ Wings are decent appetizers with the right amount of spice, kind of like Tabasco - not too much and not too little. They're definitely overpriced but I had a craving for wings. I love fish tacos and I gotta admit the Baja Fish Tacos were pretty damn good. The only thing that I didn't like about it was the slaw that came on it. I also wanted to try out their shrimp taco. It was ok but way too salty for my taste. 

For a hotel restaurant, it's not too bad. I'd definitely eat here again.
I was lucky enough to be invited to an evening at Imagine Spain last week, before their Grand Opening.  (They are now officially open).  So, I cannot speak to the pricing although I have a feeling it's reasonable.  I can, however, tell you that the paella at Imagine Spain was just as amazing as the paella I remember eating in Valencia years ago!  This may be due to the fact that one of the owners is from there and brought the recipe with her!  I can also tell you that the sangria (I had the red) was so delicious - I couldn't get enough of it.  Good thing Jared was driving that night!

The decor is simple but cute... and the people were extremely welcoming... except for when Jared went into the women's bathroom because someone was in the men's and he really had to go - i don't think they were too happy about that!

Overall, if you like authentic Spanish food and a laid back, simple atmosphere, take a trip to Imagine Spain - it's the next best thing to the real thing... and much less time consuming and cheaper too!  Buen provecho!
Just got home from Imagine Spain.. while Ive never been to Spain so I cant compare, I can certainly imagine it quite easily after all the wonderful things we had this evening. We ordered 16 items in all.. practically one of each off the hot and cold menus as well as a paella.. we ate EVERYTHING! Was so tasty.. there was this tuna and eggplant dish that was so amazingly fresh and savory.. couldn't get enough! A couple of the tapas could have used a little bit of sea salt.. which might be a nice little touch later on.. a small finger bowl of Spanish sea salt.. yum! 

The seafood paella was cooked perfectly, all the way to the crispy little caramelized bits on the side and bottom of the pan..   now that's some serious tongue love right there!!

All these items came out to be around 130 bucks.. VERY well priced! Imagine Spain is a real treat and joy.. try this place before the word gets out and is packed every weekend!
I was so afraid to try "Imagine Spain" because, well, I've been craving a great tapas place for years and every time I think I've found one, I've been disappointed.
However, I'm glad my husband made me try this place out last night. It was fabulous! 
It's much smaller and more simple than I had imagined, first of all. And that's a good thing. It strikes me as a place that focuses on the FOOD, not on the fuss.
We had a great night here: Incredibly friendly waitstaff, great wines and sangria, and wonderful tapas. We shared the cheese plate, the sherry mushrooms, the tortilla and some mixture of roasted veggies and (tuna? I think?) along with the complimentary bread and sauces. Also, they gave us a little appetizer for free that was amazing. Then, my husband, dedicated to overstuffing himself, ordered the lamb entree, which he also said was very good.
The owner of the restaurant kept coming out to check on the customers, too, and chat with us, which was a nice touch.
This is a really great place and I hope that it does well in Scottsdale!
I really could not believe a place as good as this would be in a mall in Arizona, but everything in Arizona seems to be located in a mall, so...

In any case, the decor isn't much, really, but it's a restaurant, and therefore food takes top priority. As for food, this place was outstanding. The true Valencia tapas was A-mazing, especially the sweet dates wrapped in bacon. Out Philadelphia way,  we have the expensive but faboo Amada; this seemed like a more reasonable place with, thankfully, huge portions of paella, which was a mouthwatering delight!
I actually joined Yelp so I could add to the chorus of voices praising Imagine Spain. My family and I visited there during their new Sunday lunch hours, and we enjoyed the experience so much that I want to be sure the restaurant lasts a long, long time. 

I agree that the decor is serviceable without being fancy, but it also means that this is a restaurant where you go to eat and enjoy the company of your friends and family - casual, friendly, and very reasonably priced. The service was very attentive. We were there for a celebration, which the server acknowledged, and the chef prepared a special dessert and served it to us personally. 

We tried a variety of hot and cold tapas. While they were all delicious, we particularly enjoyed the tortilla espanola, the almond-stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, and the chorizo cooked in cider. We went through a large supply of bread, because the aiolli and tomato spreads were delicious. Somehow we also managed to eat most of our paella valenciana - we were stuffed, but it was too delicious to pass up! For dessert, we had the Tarta Santiago (a special large version), which was divine, but also very filling. The sangria was fantastic, as was the cafe americano we had to accompany our dessert.

I haven't been to Spain, though my parents have, and they found the food very authentic. It's as good - or better - than the Spanish food I've had in many other restaurants in Phoenix, San Diego, and Las Vegas. Overall, it was a great experience from start to finish, and I hope we have many more opportunities to visit Imagine Spain.

Added 3/30/09 - I have read in the news that Imagine Spain had some issues with an electrical fire and had to close for a while. It's back open now as "Poco", with the same owner and a new look. I haven't been there yet, but I've heard through Chowhound that it's just as good. I can't wait to go back!
Ok, so we knew the chef and he hooked us up with a huge sampling of the best of everything (no exaggeration!).  But I think that even if we paid full price, and only got to try a few of their appetizers and one Paella, I still would be giving Imagine Spain 5 stars.

It was really slow, and I felt sorry for the staff ... they seemed bored ... so all of you yelpers, go check out Imagine Spain.  It's delicious and more importantly, unique.  That's sometimes hard to find with the mass of cookie-cutter restaurants around here....
N.D. - I feel your pain because I was there last night too.

When I imagined Spain I thought of the wonderful discovery of the tapas concept when I went to Barcelona. Those quick, but delicious bites of food washed down with beer, cava or sangria.... Instead, I now imagine Spain as the longest dinner of the worst tapas, saved only by the company of good friends. 

We also had four people serving us - each so eager to tell us about how they were closing for a week for a wonderful remodel. New lighting, new colors, yada, yada, yada.

True, Imagine Spain doesn't exactly conger up trips abroad when you walk through the door. But a new coat of paint and cozy lighting ignores the bigger issues here. The owners should be imagining a new kitchen and wait staff and a new menu.

There are serious kitchen problems with this restaurant. They could have been overlooked with good service and good food, but this restaurant fails on all accounts. 

- Our clearly inexperienced waitress started the night telling us about the remodel - and how they were out of some of the tapas because they weren't restocking their kitchen. Great - would anything be fresh that night?

- It was clear no one was running the kitchen when it took a very long 20+ minutes for our soups and salads to come out. 

- No bread refills in that time or check ins to explain why. Just frantic servers standing by the kitchen window.

- When our food did arrive, that's when the co-owner decided to chat us up. Hey, did they hear about their fantastic remodel? Could they make anything better? Trust me I had plenty to say. But I really wanted to eat my salad and I still wanted to give the food a chance to save the day.

- The first tapa out was our fish croquet. My hungry vegetarian friends dived in - only to bite into a ham croquet.

- My friends and I have all traveled or lived in Spain. These tapas were OK, but hardly traditional.

- The final tapa out was the muscles. I love muscles and thought the this dish could save the whole evening. I grabbed one, popped it into my mouth and can't even describe the confusion I had when I realized it was still frozen!

- Our clueless waitress didn't even seem stunned by this. She just took them away and took them off the bill. 

All I can say to the owners is: Imagine This:

- a neon sign to tell people where you are on a dark night.
- a new kitchen staff - with someone in charge who can run a line and time dishes.
- step up and talk to your guests. Acknowledge problems before you bring them their food. Bring out bread, olives, drinks to fill the gap if the kitchen is behind.
- hire experienced servers. It's all nice and good that you're family run. But if your family can't handle more than two tables without stressing out you'll never get more than two tables.
My Mamma loves this place and always wants to go here when she comes to visit. I think its partly due to the handy 50% off voucher La Tasca email me every month. Otherwise I don't think we would bother.

We usually go around 12 and this place is always dead, but it slowly fills up so it's not all bad. It has a nice, warm Spanish-themed decor which can almost make you feel like you're in sunny Spain. Almost. For some reason it is always the same waiter in here, maybe they only have one? But we always seem to get the same guy, who I think might be Spanish.

The menu boasts an array of Tapas dishes to suit every sort of eater. A great selection of meat, fish, vegetarian and salad dishes so you are bound to find something. It can be hit or miss though, sometimes the Paella is great and sometimes it is very dry and bland. I love the Chorizo cooked in red wine and the Patatas Bravas. At lunchtime they offer a deal of 5 dishes for two people for £10. Which is okay and there is a good selection but with the handy 50% off voucher we tend to stick to the normal menu as there is more choice and it works out roughly the same price.

This restaurant has a nice atmosphere and is good for a quiet lunch where you can end up stuffing your face on the cheap.
If you are into Spanish food then this is the place for you and when you do get here and if they offer all you can eat then them the up on it - you won't regret it.  For about £10 I got a group all you can eat here (that's £10 per head) and I have to say I've never eaten so much good food in one sitting.  The superlatives are quite frankly unnecessary because none of them will do it any justice.

The meal itself is likely to take a lot of time.  If you get a group meal the food will arrive in batches for you to help yourself to whatever you fancy and if you get all you can eat, these batches will keep coming until you decide that enough is enough.  At this point you'll have a conflict of interest, for you'll still want to eat this delicious food, but you'll also be very aware that you've probably eaten more than enough already.
I love the concept of tapas and it's perfect for someone as indecisive as me whose eyes are bigger than their stomach. No matter what restaurant I go to, it always takes me an age to decide what to go for and the fact that I like pretty much about every food apart from mushrooms it doesn't make the choice any easier. Tapas is brilliant as it means I can try a whole bunch of stuff off the menu rather than just one main. I'm just back from Madrid and there's tapas absolutely everywhere, even in bog standard bars, it's awesome and I'm an even bigger tapas fan now than I was before. 

La Tasca has an excellent menu and they do an amazing patatas bravas and the two times I've been here the service has been of an excellent standard and the food even better.
La Tasca kinda gets a bad name, but I quite like it!! I know more than a few people who slate it because they think it's greasy and not up to scratch, 'Real Spanish food doesn't come in boxes' has been said more than once. So what, it's a franchise, but the food isn't bad!! It's quite a nice way to ease yourself into Mediterranean food if you ask me.

Price is good too!! There's always a decent offer on the internet for La Tasca, worth a look.
Sublime Spanish Tapas and what a lovely space! Very cozy and inviting. Definitely a highlight of our holiday travels.
Sorry, I don't get it. We came here for Valentine's Day because they were running a £15 fixed menu special. I'm not sure what the problem was, but our reservation was for 8:45 (way after the dinner rush) and the restaurant was not at all crowded, yet we waited over an hour for our main course. When it came, I wasn't at all particularly impressed with the food - the Paella was more like spanish rice with vegetables, something you'd get as a side dish to a burrito platter at a Mexican restaurant. The shrimp was like popcorn shrimp I'd get at a greasy diner in West Virginia. The best part of the meal was the awesome appetizer spread of bread, meats, cheese and olives. Other than that, the food was sub-par.

It's a shame, it's a beautifully decorated restaurant with a nice storefront. But if you're looking for great Spanish food, I'd go somewhere else.
I find La Tasca to be tapas my numbers - not particularly inspirational.  The one at the Omni Centre is better than the one on Charlotte Square.
Great service, quality food, and quick turn around from order to serving!
I came in on a Saturday and ordered 7-9 Tapas for 3 people, ample food. My top 3 choices were empanadas, potatoes, y the paella de carne. I suggest staying away from the American type food such as the wings and fried fish. The traditional sangria was a tasty treat!
After receiving an email midweek from these guys, as heading to the cinema in the Greenside complex, decided on paying them a visit, as I had not been there for a few months. Found a seat just outside, as was busy with a bridal party.

The menu states La tasca food to share, I thought really for me its enough for one; why share four prawns, (Gambas Gabardina Madrid), king prawns in San Migel beer batter, with mayo of garlic & paprika. Ordered these as I had plenty time before a film. The offer emailed to me this week, mentioned free coffee if ordering from their dessert menu. decided their dessert Spanish cheese board it looked appealing.

Containing blue, tetilla, manchego and goats cheese(among my favourites), and served with a crunchy sugar coated tort, fresh apple and quince paste...mmmm oh yes, good start to the weekend I thought as I tucked in. But I needed to email someone, so tried to access wifi. Was it free or was a password was required?

Management was quite pleasant and had a chat with him about how his chain was doing with the competition around, and if there was wifi available. He told me La Tasca recommends you use The Cloud, simply put name and password into site through Google, and your off, but with no connection or dedicated site to use, simple to access I hear you say; Hmmm?

It would have been easier if...id asked for a rabbit in a hat with a bat, as tried for about half hour to access any wifi(there are a few) but no luck on any. Possibly due to being too far from hub in question. Previous experience has taught me faint signal + ancient laptop = not a good combo, this has occurred before in other foodie places around town. 

My hour was up so asked for the bill from staff at the bar, but was beckoned to wait until another staff member who worked at the food till could ring up my order. 

Guess what, she didn't notice that I'd had dessert, and there was no notification on the bill to state discounted coffee with dessert as promised, so I queried this!

She rectified the problem after a few minutes, strangely discounting an odd amount from the order, I didn't have time to discuss it further but as the total was around £10, decided on tipping and then left. Moral check your bill b4 always...

The food was fine, coffee quite strong for a small cup, though not paint stripper strength, but you could taste a kind of espresso milky quality. The service was fantastically quick.

But what lets La T down is the comms between you, staff, bill and emails(of which there are probably many every week), thus trying to explain this to all involved. Oh yeah and not getting access to the web was a minus for me.

So three stars from me until all is resolved, but four stars for the menu.
I walked past a few time, then finally one late afternoon a week ago, we stopped by for 4 tapas, shared by three, with Sangria. fine food and service, will be back to try more from the menu
I'd agree with Stephanie here, it probably is the best Tapas experience in Edinburgh. I'm just going to add one thing, I've never had a problem getting a table here on the weekend, Thursday nights seem to be the killer! I don't think they run any specials or events, it's astonishingly packed for no reason.

So come any other night and taste the most authentic dishes in the city.
Tapas here are just so-so, and I say this as a person with somewhat extensive experience of the Spanish culture, and for that matter, also the tapas culture of Edinburgh.  The olives were mushy, old and obviously tinned, the bread was stale, the calamari was incredibly tough and impossible to enjoy.  The sangria was tasty, and the croquetas were standard, mystery-content fare (no complaints there).  The meatballs and chorizo were passable, but you can and should do better here in Edinburgh.
I've wanted to try this place out for some time and finally took the plunge to go here on Friday evening.  The place was pretty busy upstairs so we were seated downstairs.  The interior design is trendy but there are a lot of hard finishes - timber etc, no curtains or soft upholstery to absorb the sound, so it was quite noisy!  

The staff seemed really stressed out and busy too, which made the experience quite tense.  As soon as we arrived they got confused with our booking.  Service was slow and they didn't work very well as a team and that's the only reason I give this tapas restaurant a 2star rating.  The food was lovely, although a couple of dishes were warm, not hot - which probably had something to do with the disorganised waiters/waitresses.  

Wine was nice though.  The tapas were served two or one at a time, which is fairly common for a tapas restaurant.  Patatas bravas, king prawns in garlic and chilli sauce, croquettes and meat balls were all really tasty and just as good as any other tapas I've had.  Although the mussels in chilli cream sauce did smell a little fishy.  I'm always a bit wary of mussels but thankfully there were no undesirable after effects! 

The downstair area soon filled up while we were there and the couple behind us made a big song and dance about the service, long waiting time between each tapas and cold food.  I thought they were being a bit over dramatic and it put a further dampener on our evening, however they were soon handed discount vouchers and sincere apologies to shut them up!  I did feel sorry for the waiting staff as they were obviously under staffed and it was a busy night.  I would return, just maybe on weekday night, rather than a weekend when they are less busy.
I returned here one Friday evening again for tapas and wine and it was a much nicer experience.  We were welcomed and sat downstairs again.  The staff were far more at ease and it was less chaotic.  All the tapas served were hot this time and served almost all at once with less waiting around.  Maybe my last visit was just a busy night and understaffed?  Order the meatballs, they are lovely! Will definitely be back, but I advise you to book, they always seem to be busy.
We had a voucher from Groupon for  2 people: 5 tapas and a glass of house wine. So we reserved and checked in on a Wednesday 6:30 pm early evening. It wasn't busy and we were invited to choose a table. 

The tables on offer weren't dressed. I was surprised as it only takes a few glasses and a side plate & napkin, they were bare - bar from a small vase with flowers.

We were eventually given stacked plates 2 napkins 2 forks 2 knives and 1 spoon - eh..? 

The menu was supplied and on choosing our waiter explained that the pigs chees were not available, so we replaced those. in addition we had beer battered Gambas, chorizo sausage, Spanish meat slices with tomato & chili jam and Iberico selection.
The a little later he came back to explain that another tapas - the  Iberico selection  - was not avaiable either. Good.. fine.. can we have the pimento peppers then please? No - they are still awaiting a delivery of those. So we had to settle for croquettas. 

The food was delivered in stages, I was worried they forgotten us but then we got all Tapas eventually. Now here is the thing..who ever said to their chef that Spanish Olive Oil was good for using on a plate,  should also explain to him that it doesn't have to be so much, nor does it have to be on everything that is served. Apart from the Gambas everything else was drenched in olive oil. 

I also had one taste of the chorizo and I had to send it back as it was awful. The cheese platter we had instead (again with the olive oil) fared no better.

We left quite unsatisfied and also had to get rid of the olive oil taste some how
Like some of my fellows here I had a  voucher so decided to go for lunch.  I had booked but still we got the crampest table for 2 people. 
Never mind, we were entitled to a glass of wine and 5 tapas to share, so we ordered a selection and a glass of rose wine each.  When bringing the wine, the waitress asked us if we wanted bread and olives.  We were happy to pay extra for that so we said yes as some nibbles welcome to soak up the wine at this early time in the afternoon.
Then, the waiting game started.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  And guess what, nothing happened.   Eventually, oh surprise, a plate of tapas turned up, with an apology I have to say.  On its own.  So we ate it.  And waited.  then another turned up.  And so on and so on. 
In the meantime, we had managed to swallow a fairly disgusting rose wine, just because it was there.   
Overall, a pretty bad experience. The food was fairly poor, the tortilla was dry, the calamari was soggy.  The tapas came in stages, the service was slow, our olives and bread never turned up.  An hour later, we both started to feel very queasy and headachy and had to go and lie down.
The only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the waiter apologised for the delay a couple of times.  
I certainly won't go back. There are places that make far better tapas in town.
My First one star review!

This appears to be a restaurant with two distinct areas: Tapas Bar and Restaurant which is Iggs next door. We ate in the Tapas bar as we needed to stay near the train station to pick up a friend and I really wish we hadn't bothered. 

The service was cheerful and friendly but incredibly slow. We ordered cava which sat on the bar for so long we almost went to get the bottle ourselves. I made a point of saying was it cold still and the waitress assured me it was...it wasn't! The only table available was (we subsequently discovered) by a draughty door. We ordered about ten dishes including Gambas al Ajillo and a few others like the cheeses and hams and the morcilla.

The whole of the food served looked like a very tired collection of bits thrown on to the plates and  did not set the taste buds going in any way. The portions were also small. The impression I gained was that this had not been recently prepared. The mussels were largely colourless, tasteless and decidedly limp. The sauce they sat in was only luke warm. The Calamari could have been tepid rubber bands. The whitebait was neither crisp nor hot. The prawns were dull in complexion and flavour.

The Gambas al ajillo were again dull and limp. Plus all the dishes had different mayonnaises like saffron alioli and lemon mayo etc. but were all acutally the same cheap squeezy mayo.

All in all one got the feeling that this was a tapas bar that did not want to give the impression that it was concerned to entice customers back and thereby create a regular clientele.We paid up and left quickly and went round the corner to Monteiths for some better food and some good wine! Something I wish we had done before walking through the door!
I've eaten here loads of times in the last couple of years as the chain's Tapas for A Tenner deal is not to be sniffed at. This branch has though I think ceased offering that. This time around our intention was to have the Rapido menu (3 dishes & a drink for £7.95) but despite being seated before the cut off point of 5pm this was also unavailable.


 Undaunted we went for the cheapest set menu option (£12.45 per head) and managed to not finish it which is I suppose a good sign. Wine was reasonably priced too and the only other slightly negative point was the difficulty in attracting attention to get our bill, despite the fact there were more than enough staff wandering about the place.


 A continuing favourite though.
Ugh!  Having lived in Spain for over two years and visited all regions I was excited to find this restaurant in the heart of Edinburgh.  Yes, the majority of the staff is Spanish, but the food is not!  Nearly all of the dishes we ordered, and we ordered a lot were a poor attempt at recreating Spanish cuisine.  If you haven't been to the real Spain, you'll probably think this place is great.  If you want real Spanish food, you'll have to find another place.  (I'd welcome any suggestions).  On a side note, we brought our toddler here and were given some of the most horrible looks by staff and patrons.  The only way you'd ever catch me here again was sitting at the bar trying to enjoy Sangria and having real Spanish beer.  Don't waste your money!!!
I came here once on a date (a rather awkward one at that) and thought the Spanish decor and warm atmosphere would put me at ease. But it didn't! The restaurant itself has been decorated in true traditional Spanish style and looks amazing when you first walk in. We were shown to our seat  - a lovely one in the window -  but our table was messy and there was food everywhere. I found this odd, as there were only 3 other tables in at the time, they wern't exactly busy.
We ordered a selection of tapas and was impressed at how quickly it came, but sadly I wasn't impressed by the food. To me, Tapas is really exciting and full of flavour, but the dishes we had were boring and really rather plain. I got the impression it had some straight from the freezer.

As a franchise it's a nice addition, the location is great and the staff are friendly. Didn't leave me singing la vida loca, however.
Great location in the city center with the Castle close by. It was such a nice way to end our time in Edinburgh. 

I was a Tapas virgin until I came here and the waiters were super friendly and helpful. I think even the manager of the restaurant came by at one point so I feel like they are making a real effort since the time the other reviews were posted. The staff was friendly and gave us plenty of time to ponder and order, explaining as they went and asking about whether we had been previously. In fact, they were so attentive that I was surprised when my boyfriend told me it was a chain!

The food was pretty much an A. I have had Tapas a couple time since then and the food has basically tied with this place with no clear surpassers in terms of flavors. However, the menu seems to have changed quite a bit in the past 6 months or so?

The interior is quite the contrast to the formal facade. It's rustic with truly Spanish inspired art and warm yellow coloring. The lacquered wood furnishings and bright accents really make you feel like you're in the country itself. Many different kinds of people sat amid the animated pillows making it comfortable and welcoming. Good for date nights or family dinners and anything in between!
A group of us dined here earlier this week. The menu is essentially built on Spanish tradition, but presented in a clean and modern style. The decor is also clean and modern, with lots of beige and brown, although this is fast becoming so ubiquitous as to make such places anonymous. But it was comfy and well ordered, and table spacing was quite generous (especially compared with London these days).


 We chose from the set evening menu, which is around £25 for 2 courses and £30 for three - service at 10% is added on top. Most of us made do with two courses, although the choices for vegetarians were a little limited. Fish lovers will - as in Spain - find themselves very well catered for. Two can share a mixed tapas starter for a supplement.


 The quality of the food was pretty much faultless - well presented and very tasty, the only quibble being the portions, which were a little mean for the price. It was only thanks to having some nice boiled new potatoes, and bread with the starters, that I didn't actually leave hungry - which is something I've never found in Spain itself.


 The wine list starts at around £20 a bottle, and like the food focusses on Spanish produce, although in a wider choice of types than one normally finds - even in Spain. For £20 we chose a very fresh, fragrant, Spanish Sauvignon Blanc, which turned out to be a real winner. They also served us with big jugs of tap water, which is also positive in my eyes.


 Service was very cheerful and, apart from one glitch (forgetting my starter, which came a little later) was efficient and unobtrusive. Our waitress was actually a delight - charismatic and appropriately apologetic for the delay, which did the trick.


 Overall, we had a very nice evening, and the food was undoubtedly good: but at £43 a head for two courses with wine (a few had coffee) just a little more generosity on the quantity would have earned 5*.


 The lunch menu at £17.50 for three courses would represent much better value, however - indeed, it would probably be ideal for a business lunch.
I usually shy away from spanish restaurants, as I find that very often all you end up with are loads of little plates that all look and taste of exactly the same two ingredients - paprika and grease. I was invited out to dinner here last night, and I'm pleased to announce that my preconceptions have been proved wrong by Iggs & Barioja.

The name is a bit weird and confusing, it's true. The Iggs part is their more formal, men-should-probably-wear-a-jacket sort of place where you eat a full á la carte meal rather than tapas. The other side of the room is Barioja (there are separate entrances but it's pretty much all one pace), which is where we ate.

We'd all had a fairly big lunch, so we didn't really need a huge meal. We got 6 tapas dishes between the 3 of us, with a basket of bread and olives, and it was just the right amount of food.

The tapas menu is literally pages long. And aside from all the things you'd expect to find, like serrano ham wrapped around manchego cheese, or patatas bravas, there were a huge a number of dishes I'd never heard of - and I've just spent a year living in spain and south america! 

My personal favourite was the cod: on the menu it simply said "cod seared in saffron", but what arrived was way better... It was like when you get to the till and find that the gorgeous pair of shoes you're buying are actually half price! There were 4 huge chunks of cod, filled with some kind of goat's cheese, walnut and garlic purée, and it was unbelievably good.

If you're into your wines, particularly your reds, then you'll love this place. The house wines start at £19 a bottle, and go up to £3,000, so even the most discerning wine buff will find something they like.

For 6 tapas, bread, olives, and a bottle of house wine, you can expect to pay around £45 in total.
I've always walked past this quaint restaurant and noticed it's always busy! Plus they have a really cute smart car that scoots around the city with the license plate 'T4 PAS' so I was intrigued.

Barioja is a really warm, welcoming place that has a great atmosphere. The Spanish way of life is very welcoming and family-orientated, and is captured really well in this restaurant. The menu was ridiculously big! It took me about 30 minutes to look through everything, as I wanted to make sure I chose the right things. There were 4 of us and we had 10 tapas dishes, which was way too much. Everything was really good though  - especially the fish dishes and the mustard-chicken. 
The best thing about this restaurant is that not many people know about it. Locals to Edinburgh always come here, which always says quality.
Being majorly into Spanish culture in general, which of course includes a good scoff of all the tasty food, Iggs and Barioja are both highly appealing to me.

Iggs, the more formal of the two restaurants, and the pricier option, is great for a slightly more special occasion-esque outing, or just a planned group meal in general, whereas Barioja has a more casual, laid back feel to it. Iggs is most definitely a fine restaurant, whereas Barioja feels absolutely like the fun and chilled out tapas bar it is. 

Iggs serves up modern Spanish culinary creations, and it has an AA Rosette Award for its food achievements. Barioja is the place for a big variety of traditional tapas and a cheeky jug of sangria, perfect for me, as I'm the most indecisive, annoying person to go for dinner with, and I can never decide what to have, so choosing lots of different dishes is ideal.
We stopped in during the festival (make reservations!). The food was very carefully prepared, and quite nice.  I see one reviewer was concerned that this is a tapas establishment (that would be the bar next door). No, this has credible Spanish food, and a reasonable wine list. A fun evening.
Fantastic Tapas just a little off the beaten path. If you can't decide, get the chef's choice party platter to share - the tapas keep coming and there's not a bad choice in the bunch!  

The staff is friendly, and the decor is very nice. Be sure to say "hi" to Iggy!
Iggs & Barioja is mainly known for the tapas-half of the whole. This restaurant is split in two. Iggs is the restaurant, serving starters and main meals. Barioja is the tapas bar. The contrast between the two in terms of ambience was quite clear the night I went. Iggs was full of fine diners, quiet and subdued. Barioja was spilling over with Festival go'ers and had that real Spanish-street tapas feel about it.

We had a voucher for Iggs, although in honesty I probably would have preferred to try Barioja. The boy, who is a born and bred Spaniard, tells me the tapas at Barioja is really good. But we both agreed that the meals at Iggs were ok, but just that. 

My quail starter was quite nice, with lentils and red peppers. But my rabbit main was quite dry. I know rabbit is a hard meat to cook, but it really was a little too dry to enjoy. The steak the boy had looked a-ok, but just that.

The service was friendly. The ambience a little stuffy. I don't know, there's something about it here that felt fine but didn't seem to shine in any particular way. The menu was a little by-the-book.

I think where this restaurant DOES shine is the tapas bar next door. It was bustling, lively, lots of different interesting things on the menu. Cooking tapas is different to cooking main meals. The meals were a little uninspired and I felt lacking the love and enthusiasm of the little plate offerings next door.

A little disappointed to be honest, but it certainly wasn't a bad experience. Just underwhelming. Next time I'll try the tapas for sure.
When your fault finding parents can't find fault... you know you are on to a winner. Based on Jenny L.'s previous review, for my parents anniversary (51yrs wed, can you believe it, folks?) - we plumped to check out tapas, as this is a recent addition to the artillery of cuisine my mother is willing to partake in. And what better place than the place I've been eyeing up for a few weeks now? We were not disappointed. 

Asparagus with romesco sauce. Calamari. Air dried Iberian meats. Lamb. Meatballs. Langoustines (secretly king prawns) with capers. Gambas Pil Pil (very pil pil, my dear). Bread and oil. Vegetarian paella. We ate and ate and ate and ate. The boy, sceptical of tapas and inability to fill up his bottomless stomach, was defeated. 

Service was lovely - although one of the waiters seemed to want us to eat faster than we wanted to - but he came in handy when we wanted the bill. Our waitress seemed overwhelmed as it was her first day but did a good job - although could have done with someone checking on drinks - we did have to pull someone aside for that. Dessert also took an awfully long time to arrive - but on an evening where we were just kicking back with a wine glass in hand, that wasn't really frowned on either. 

All in all, had a nice meal here - I think the only one that I found lacked was the paella - could have done with some lemon to jazz up the flavour. Calamari was a little tough, but definitely hadn't reacehed rubber territory. The langoustines were definitely a highlight for me. 

We finished up, stomachs groaning, with a crema catalina - that I was not a fan of - thick, lumpy with strong spice notes in it - it wasn't for me- I have no idea if the consistency was right - I was expecting more of a creme brulee than I got - perhaps another place, another time to try that again. But for our savoury choices, Barioja got four thumbs up. A resounding first choice.
I haven't been into Barioja, so this review is solely for 'fine dining' Iggs next door.

Where to start with Iggs?

On my first visit to the restaurant, I had a voucher from a well known group buying site. I was quite looking forward to the evening, as the boy and I rarely go out for fancy dinners. Usually it's just the two of us grabbing a quick meal because we can't be bothered cooking. 

So we were quite disappointed when we arrived at the restaurant, gasping for a drink, and were basically ignored by the staff. When the waiter eventually took our wine order (white, btw) it took about half an hour and 2 courses to arrive. When I politely enquired, he shouted dismissively over his shoulder "your wine is coming." The bad service continued throughout the evening, and we left feeling that although the food was yummy we wouldn't be returning.

Then I was contacted by The Restaurant Inspector from the telly. 

Apparently the restaurant had just had a refurb, they were shooting a TV show, they'd seen my review on TripAdvisor, and would I like to come along. Again I was quite excited about the whole thing and spent a day getting ready for my close up.

Upon arrival we noticed the ambience was a lot friendlier, but sadly a lot of redeeming character from the original restaurant was gone. The dark red walls were now the ubiquitous beige colour that those of us in new-build flats are all too familiar with. The wine list (zut alors!) was shorter: we ended up ordering a bottle of Miguel Torres. I thought the food was just as nice, but James reckons that it has actually gone downhill.

And then we had to wait an hour for the bill. In fact, if we hadn't walked out (leaving our names and addresses should they wish to recoup costs of course! We aint no thieves) we might still be there, waiting.

I feel really bad writing this review. Iggy seems like a really nice man, and I'm sure he's doing all he can do improve his restaurant. But I think he had the formula right in the first place. All he needed to do was train his waiters on customer service.

Phew, bit of a rant there!
Really enjoyable meal. Can recommend the neck of lamb, the seabass and the monkfish dishes. The pork belly and white bean dishes a little disappointing. Cheese board was good; question: are cheeses in Spain served with oatcakes? We also enjoyed sherry aperitif, white rjioca wine and sherry as a dessert wine. excellent service by Nicky
Came here partly based on Yelp reviews. For me, I was a bit disappointed. The food was nice, not great, but wasn't very warm which put me off a bit. For the price you pay for each item, I was hoping for a bit better quality. Still a pleasant experience, if not bit cramped (but what part of Edinburgh isn't).
This is for Iggs - I found them listed on the taste card website and as that little plastic card had been vegging in my purse for a few months, I decided it was time to use it. 
It was a Tuesday night and it was fairly busy with lots of business types and couples. 
I had the langoustines to start and the boy had the meat plate.  Mine was lovely but his was just meat, on a plate. No cheese or olives to accompany it.  He was disappointed.
I had the pork with mash for main, it was very pink, in fact it was raw. I swapped with the boy and had his sea bass on risotto with mussels on the side.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the risotto and vegetable croquette were lovely additions.  The boy enjoyed the pork but it was too rare for my liking.  
Would I go back, hmm, probably not.  After reading the reviews on here I think I'd try barioja instead.
Lovely evening out...
A good little Spanish place...
Is a nice, fresh meal
I've been in Iggs on vouchers and have tasted their own label red wine last year, this year their crop was to little and they had to replace it. -Not as nice. 

What I remember is the squid starter that was cooked in its own ink.. yummy and different. The food taste well, authentic even. However I am not wowed by it. The dishes are flavoured a little too subtle. 

I also would like to see more comfortable chairs as I get a flat wooden bum sitting too long.

The few times I have visited I was feeling cold.  Could anyone explain to me why it is so cold in there? 

Barioja on the other hand is a warmer affair and they have nice tapas though from the same kitchen you get more concentrated flavours.

Out of the two I prefer Barioja.
Pretty good, but totally empty the night I went. The food was really tasty and the restaurant located very close to the Jury's Inn just round the corner. I would go again. I think I preferred the french place two doors down though.
I've dined in Iggs a couple of times (on a voucher deal) and the food has always been very good. So why only 3 stars? Well I'll tell you in a minute..

My last visit was over a month ago. The deal was for a starter and main course. Upon arrival to the place, we were seated promptly. There was only one other couple besides us in the restaurant. On the previous occasion, we dined midweeks as well and the place was pretty empty. Maybe busier during weekends? Go figure..

I really enjoyed the house wine on my last visit, so I asked about it but it wasn't available. The waiter - Marco? - explained that the latest wine harvest was pretty bad, so they didn't have as much wine as they would normally have, so we chose another wine which was nice. What kind of annoyed me was that when I mentioned the 'house wine' he assumed that I was after a lower price wine, which was not the case - I was simply after the lovely flavour of the wine which happened to be a house wine. 

For my starter I chose langoustines and main course was rib-eye steak with  padron peppers, anchovy butter & patatas fritas.

The langoustines (4 huge ones) were served with a tarragon butter and were absolutely delicious. I enjoyed it. 

The rib-eye steak was quite nice, it was cooked perfectly. 

I just feel that this place doesn't have the best atmosphere (at least not on those 2 times I have visited). For some reason I feel a little bit uncomfortable with the waiter and realise that it does have an effect on your dining experience.
What happened? 

On a much delayed return visit, I found Barioja to be sorely wanting in comparison to my last visit. We came in with a Groupon. My mother had been dying to try the gambas once more, the last time was a delicious memory of giant grilled prawns - this time, very much shrunken versions of the same dish. Patatas aioli - blatantly reheated and somewhat tasteless. I felt the menu had shrunk as well, and the options on offer much more limited than before. 

Finally, service was seriously lacklustre. The voucher we had was for 5 dishes and 2 glasses of wine - when we got the bill, turned out we were charged for two glasses out of the 6 we were due as part of the offer. It took a long time to resolve, and a lot of patience to explain that 4+2 really did equal six. It will take me some time to be persuaded to return - disappointing food that grew more and more disappointing as we ate; and even more disappointing service. Perhaps touched with a bit of the groupons; but it's sign enough that I can put money in other restaurants, elsewhere.
I was passing through Edinburgh and fancied a late lunch when l came across this wee place. There was a board outside with a special that tempted me in and that was a selection of tapa's for £10 with it l had a small soft drink.


The food was great and the service was fine. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to try Spanish food
I find Dionika kind of hard to place: is it a bar, a deli or a restaurant? The answer is all of the above. The name suggests to me Greek or Mediterranean connections, but it is in fact Basque (a northern region in Spain). Glad we got that cleared up...

The restaurant serves up all manner of delicious tapas nibbly bits as well as more substantial dishes like paella and lobster; fresh fish is a bit of a speciality. Even if you just pop in for a glass of wine, you are provided with a small dish of gloriously fat and tasty olives. The delicatessen is a bit on the pricey side, but the food is damn fine and there's nowhere else in Edinburgh that sells such a good selection of hams and chorizos. It's all well worth going down to Canonmills for.
I struggled with the decision of four of five stars ... I decided to go with four because while I LOVED the food here, it fell down in one or two places.

I went here with my man this past summer, when is was so excruciatingly hot (remember that weekend?) that we spent most of our time laying around complaining, and drinking cold beer.  My guy went for a meal with one of his buddies here a couple of weeks prior and raved about it so much that I forced him to take me one evening when we were able to peel ourselves off the floor.
He reported that the beers were quite pricey so we opted for a bottle of white wine.  The white wine selection was pretty limited and not cheap (we ordered the cheapest bottle at something like £15.00), and I regret to say that we were most assuredly not impressed with our choice.  

Our food, however, more than made up for it.  I love tapas because I love variety.  We ordered three or four dishes each and enjoyed every bite.  I would love to go into detail but have a memory like a sieve and can't remember what we ordered off the top of my head.  I would be pretty confident, though, that anything you order here will be grat.    

The problem with Dionika is that no one ever goes here.  I honestly don't know how they survive.  I have NEVER seen it full.  It's one of those things where people don't go there because it's always empty, but of course it's always empty because no one goes there.  

We keep wanting to go back but walk by and it's so dead that we decide to go somewhere else.  I think maybe everyone who likes this place need to agree on a night to go there so we can have great food AND good atmosphere!

One other oddity - at the end of our meal the owner/chef came out and made his chatty round of the dining room (all three tables).  He was very spirited and certainly loves his restaurant.  He was a bit eccentric, but gave us complimentary booze so our hearts were won over.

Edit:  I forgot to mention that the meal (including 15 pounds for a bottle of wine) was 40 pounds.  I thought it was a major bargain.
Take 8 hungry Yelpers, a miserable winter's night, and Dionika and you've got quite a nice mix of "om nom nom", "more wine please" and general all-round fun.

One thing is for sure - tapas is a sociable food. So big thumbs up to Emily V. for suggesting we all get tapas here. Whilst there was some cagey tactics at getting the last piece of chorizo or chicken wings, all the food was eaten. Nom.

Dionika is slightly out of the way, which perhaps explains why it was empty except for our table. And only two other tables came in that night. I've heard, from Emily V., this is common. 

It's bright, warm and fun inside and appears to be more traditionally Spanish than the more main stream "La Tasca" and the like. So why the 3*s?

Well, they didn't have the main chicken dish on the menu that we were all wanting. Especially poor Chris M. who doesn't like chorizo (there's a story behind that one), aubergine, mushrooms, or pretty much anything else we ordered... Ando n a Saturday night, when as previously mentioned, the place was empty. So it seems they just hadn't stocked up or prepped properly.

And the food was...so-so. It felt a little 'old' and boring, as if the chef was used to just dolling out the same thing night after night and wasn't particularly passionate about it. Spanish / mediterranean cuisine is one of my all-time favourites, and the raw ingredients are so delicious it's hard to go wrong. But it was a little underwhelming. And a little too greasy / oily/ cheesy / deepfriend. Almost every dish had a layer of visible grease.

It also took us a while to get our bill. The waiters seemed a little laxidaisacal and uninterested (again, despite that there were more waiters than full tables).

It felt as though Dionika had a self-conscious awareness at how old, tired and empty it normally is and as such the food, staff, and general atmosphere had lulled.

It would be nice to bring a family here, or a larger table as we did precisely for the sociable aspect of Spanish food. Just make sure and bring the atmosphere too.
I'm not sure how I got to the age of 25 without having had a Tapas experience but Dionika was certainly a good place to start and it's definately put me on a mission to expand my Tapas repertoire!

I went there with 7 other friends on a Saturday evening and it was nicely decorated with plenty of welcoming staff but you could have heard the tumbleweed roll by when we went in.

I'm told this place has been around for a long time but given that we were the only diners there when we arrived and the prices were very reasonable I have no idea how they are making their money. We were there for a good couple of hours and only one other table was occupied during that time. This is quite nice if you are a large group of tapas novices who require a wee bit of extra attention from the staff and want to have a good blether with each other but it must be a bit awkward if you go with a partner and feel that your every word can be heard.

It's a shame that Dionika is lacking in patrons to bring in a bit of atmosphere because the food is delicious, varied, fun and really good value for money. Any place that can make anchovies taste good deserve some recognition in my book. The staff indulged our group when we ordered a single portion of fried milk out of curiosity (still undecided on this wierd custardy creation). 

I'd like to add that I was impressed by the nice, fluffy towel in the ladies loo. This might sound unhygienic but given the limited number of users it was actually a nice touch!
A very solid and very tasty Mexican spot.

For Mexican food, this place really surprised me.  The decor is "whatever"... noting to get all excited about, but the food is good and priced well.  I had the red chili con carne, as I usually do at Mexican places and I've gotta say, it was the best I have eaten in Arizona.  Very flavorful, spicy, meat was tender and tasted great.  Rice and beans were very good also.  The only complaint I had was the corn tortillas.  I don't eat flour so I always order corn tortillas.  Some places have fantastic corn tortillas, others, not so much.... this place was the latter.

If you're in N. Scottsdale and need a new Mexican place to try, I would highly recommend this place.  It's nothing to travel great distances for since most Mexican food tastes the same, but this place does it better than most.
The last two times I have been here the place had an odd stench to it, kind of like a dirty rag... big turn off.  Also, the food did not taste as good.  Since I usually order the exact same thing here, I know how it should taste.  Perhaps the bad smell skewed my taste buds or something.  I will probably not go back.
Tried this for lunch today and was pretty excited. Salsa was good. Fresh tasting, but on the mild side of spice. Chips were solid. Not the absolute greatest, but I've had way worse, for sure. 

Drinks were served in over-sized red plastic Coca-Cola cups (pizzeria-style). I've always been a fan of these cups. Kinda like a mason jar, iced tea seems to taste better served in these. Plus, I only have to get a refill one or two times, thereby reducing the number of times that the server has to hook me up. I drink a lot of iced tea...it's a curse. 

Chix burrito enchilada-style was money. Well seasoned, tender shredded chix. Glad to see there was no lettuce in the burrito (don't get me started on that f-ing ridiculous concept), and an enchilada sauce somewhere between pan-gravy and ranchero sauce. All topped with melted cheese. Good stuff, albeit not so great for the waistline. Meh...whatevs. If I wanted fish or shrimp tacos, I could've had those, too...they're on the menu. 

Also tried the soft chix and soft beef tacos. Both meats shredded and delicious. Tacos were loaded with meat, lettuce, tomatoes and cheese. Again...good stuff. 

Downsides: 
- Noticed an off odor when we first sat down (similar to what Eric M. mentions below). It dissipated pretty quickly, but next time I'll ask to sit more towards the front of the house (we were sitting mid-restaurant). 

- Tacos were kinda pricey on the a la carte menu. Approx. $4-6/taco. It's cool, though, since it looks like they have weekday lunch specials. 

All-in-all, I'm stoked to have found this place. Especially since it's right around the corner from my house. I'll be back.
Last time I went there, I did a pickup order. I was overcharged $10 and when I went back to show the older lady the mistake she made, she never apologized and was very, VERY rude. Even after being treated badly, I asked to talk to a manager and she looked at me and said, "I am the manager". It was horrible. Because of her and her attitude, I would never go back. 

It's too bad because the food is decent.
Great location, respectable food, and really nice people. But the place really needs to be decorated by a professional. Not that they need to spend a fortune or completely gut it - just add some booths, paint, lighting, remove most of the tacky piñatas, and hire someone with an eye to do it. The ambiance just isn't. Sorry guys...
The owner is so friendly and the food was excellent!
I've been here a few times because my friends keep wanting to go here for Sunday lunch.  But we are not sure we will be back.  Food is decent.  Chips and Salsa are good as well.  That is the only reason why I give this place 2 stars.  Now here are the reasons why it lacks.  Service is horrible.  We were the only people in the whole restaurant during Sunday lunch and the waiter made a BIG deal about us wanting to use three tables put together instead of two and even provided unwanted attitude as well.  He is also the same waiter that is unwilling to make separate checks as well even though we asked for this in the beginning during previous visits.  In my opinion, I think this was done so he can charge the mandatory gratuity.  Hello! Just because you have separate checks, doesn't mean you can't charge for this.  Service is not very accommodating.  Don't expect much when you go.
Monday nights are the best with $3 margs!
Drama the rest of the week - filled local celebs throwing fits (over Mexican food - go figure)
Service is best on Monday
Gotta get rid of the sewer odor!  Price goes up, food goes down.  Used to eat here once or twice a week for a couple years in a row- 2005-2007.  Now every time I go back, it is a bigger disappointment.
Just left Piñata Nueva for the second night in a row.  Food was excellent.   Great salsa, flavorful enchilada sauce... Just had to return. The only disappointment was the waitress we had on second night. 

Portions are plentiful.   So much better than Macayos and Manuels

We will go back again but will be sure to ask for Mark
Return of previous owner has brought back some wonderful Mexican food.  Had a shredded chicken queso dip that had a great taste and consistency.  The margarita was done right.  Glad that I tried the restaurant again and was pleased with the results
!!!!!!!!!STOP HOARDING THE SALSA VERDE!!!!!!!

I went here for lunch one day randomly and had an awesome experience.  It was busy, but I had great service the food was delicious and the price was right. I was served this awesome green salsa. So delicious that when I told them how much I enjoyed it, they sent me home with a to go container of green salsa which my entire family got hooked on. We went there for dinner the NEXT DAY!!!! We asked for this magical green salsa and were told they NEVER HAD IT?!?!?!?! What?! Their available salsa.... mediocre.

The food here is good. It's down the street from our house and we've enjoyed the food and would eat here more, but C'MON! Give us the goods!!!! We have asked each time! How can you just keep it to yourselves?!

Here's my advice. Eat here. it's good, but..... DEMAND THE GREEN SALSA!
Great place.  The food and service now is nothing like it has been for the past year or so.  The new owner has definitely turned this place around.  The street tacos are very good and authentic style with the small, fresh corn tortillas - excellent. My wife had a margarita and she was thrilled with it.  I have no idea why it is so hard to get a great margarita in this city, but this one is a winner.  We also tried one of the appetizers, which was essentially a quesadilla with chili colorado. It tasted great.  The flour tortilla was not as good as the corn tortillas in the taco, but the filling was tasty.  A minor upgrade to some locally made fresh tortillas would make this a stunning dish.  I would also recommend serving some Yucatan-style habanero sauce and avocado sauce with the street tacos. 

Service was friendly and fast.  

It would be nice if Yelp would allow the restaurant to reboot its ratings after changing management.  The nueva pinata nueva deserves a much higher rating.
Absolutely the worst Mexican food and service I have ever had! For one we were the only people in the place and we waited 20 minutes to have our order taken ! The margaritas are pre made and so is the food ! From the night before !!! I asked and they admitted it was from the night before ! Disgusting I got the taco lunch special which was three tiny " carne asada" taco which I made into two an only ate one and even that was one too many ! I got sick 25 minutes after I left and so did my partner who had the shredded beef enchilada style burrito  ! An to make matters worse the server came out an told my partner she was buying her a margarita because it looks like she is having a bad day ! Wow how insulting ! I want my 28 dollars back !!! I won't even drive by this place again !!!!
Wow ! Ok the truth hurts Mr.James H  what I wrote was all true !!! I get you work there so want to protect your job ! Yelp is for restaurant reviews and it's not high school ....
This is a kid friendly chill out cafe with lots of the same food that Anna offered at the Downtown Market. We're so glad to have this restaurant in downtown with great choices for breakfast, lunch, or an early dinner.

My son's favorite is the Gypsy Stew, a wonderful blend of fresh vegetables, squash, and garbanzo beans. The panini sandwiches and quesadillas are also a big hit. We're looking forward to trying one her new breakfast menu items on our next visit.
This place was a long time in coming, but well worth the wait. The food tastes as though it were served off your own stove, with grandma at the spoon. It's homey and tasty. I had the chiken potato soup (the daily special $6.50) and it was very tasty, accompanied by 3 toasted baguette slices, served dry for dipping, and a mixed green salad with a fruity vinegarette. The portions were perfect. I ordered the morroccan mint tea with much anticipation, but to my dismay it was not what i had in Morroco or Tunisia. I guess serving a tea glass filled completely to the rim with mint and tea will have to be a home made thing. ( Thinking back to my travels i wonder where they grew all that friggin mint? They had to sell it in bushells with the amounts in each glass.) My nephew ordered the chicken panini and it was delicious, but cost $7 because it comes with a salad.

There was a steady flow of patrons, so the food will rest assured be fresh. Not to many people know about the place which makes getting in and out easy. Best part is this location is directly across the street from ShopDevious.com so you can shop and eat on your lunch break with time to spare. 

On the bad side, i tried to sit outside to enjoy the fresh air, but the street was so unleveled i ended up sitting sideways at the table which was on a downward slope, and my soup seeped over the edge until i could make a dent with the spoon, ending up all over my tray and plate. Next time i'll sit inside. Good thing the food was too good to notice the slope after the first bite (i even picked up my bowl holding it in hand at one point) it was so delicious.
The first thing you notice about Sapna Cafe are the windows pouring natural light into this neat, white space. (For shape, think of the Flatiron Building in New York on a tiny, tiny scale.)  The windows are covered with thin 15-foot mix-and-match drapes tied to reveal Grand and 13th Ave. views.  The vaguely triangular dining room gives way to a door frame through which you find the blackboard menu and register, where you order.

I took two friends on Saturday during Art Detour for a late lunch and the place was about half-full with the owner and one other person working.

There are two daily specials, and I had the Garbanzos and Eggplant in a Coconut Milk Curry, which came with brown rice, baguette pieces, and a side salad of field greens modestly but flavorfully dressed, all for $6.50.  The curry was rich, warm, and filling, and the firmness of the garbanzos went well with the butter-soft eggplant.  A great lunch for the price.

My friend Katie had the messy but delicious tabbouleh and chipotle hummus wrap, and my friend Kelly had a large salad with cranberries, almonds, goat cheese, and manchego.  It was dressed with balsamic vinegar only (no oil?), so the flavor was mostly sweet and tangy.

The drinks, we agreed, were on the subpar side.  The orangeade was inventive and attractive on the menu, but was mostly diluted and unsatisfying for $3.

Sapna's seems to be sorting out the ordering, serving, clean-up system, not to mention operating the register.  Ringing up sales took about 3-5 minutes per patron, and you pay at the end.  The half-eaten and abandoned sandwich at the adjacent table remained for our entire hour lunch.

Nevertheless, I am so grateful for fresh, interesting food on Grand Ave., and I'm confident Sapna Cafe will work out the service issues.

I will return.
This charming little cafe made my day-  the atmosphere is charming, clean, bright and warm....and the wait staff and cook were friendly and welcoming.... but the food?  the food was the best part.

eclectic, delicious AND reasonably priced.

I got an eggplant panini--called espaniclata or something- which came with a side salad.  The quesadilla I split with my coworker was surprising and sweet- good for a snack or dessert.  I wasn't a big fan of the chai (I stole a sip from a friend)---it was Indian, just not what I am used to- not as sweet
Anyways, I went on Friday for lunch, and liked it so much I had to go back Sunday.  Again, fantastic.  I think I found a new love.
Our tradition on vacation is to seek out breakfast spots. We either find something near where we plan to go, something in route, or just plain go out of our way to have some place that has gotten killer reviews. This place is not the third one yet, but was on our way (mostly) to Goodyear. We were headed out for a ball game (of course). 

From the direction we were heading, there was no real perfect exit to get off the 10, so we did a little round a bout thing. But, we got there and found it. Take a good look at the pictures, it helps when you are searching for this place. We got parked with no difficulty and were worried that the place might not even be open. It is pretty desolate around this area. Not too "scary" as Matt K's sister thinks, at least not at 10am in the morning. 

THe place is cute. A triangular building with lots of windows. No huge sign to advertise, but maybe just being on YELP will help them. We walked in to the small main dining area. Lots of white ikea tables and chairs with cute flowers on all of them. Bright drapery covering the sunny side of the building's windows. Lots of natural light in here and very inviting. The staff greeted us right away and asked us to order up at the counter, as they do not have menus printed yet. So, I assume that is coming. 

We walked through the doorway into more of a kitchen area that had a counter setup and a large board with menu items. There are daily lunch specials, about 6-7 breakfast items, a lunch menu and a heafty list of specialty drinks. This place is really a true "Asian" Fusion, incompasing all of Asia. But, with a dabble in a few extra places, we will just call this world fusion. There are lots of really creative dishes and things that I would not necessarily have put together. But, they work. 

I ordered a Calcutta Egg wrap. This was really unique. The tortilla and the egg were like one. Inside there were veggies (too many onions for me, I will omit them next time), including carrots, cilantro, and tomato. They give you a side of sweet chili sauce to top it. Other than the onions that I fished most of out, this was DELICIOUS. I am not sure how they did the egg, but I do not have to know. I just have to eat it. SG ordered a scrambled egg plate with stir fried asian veggies. He loved the combination and was surprised to find how great it all was together. 

We both stepped outside our norms and also got a specialty tea. We ordered the Indian Chai. It was very good. There were lots of other choiced that tempted me, but this one struck me first. I would love to go back and try the Ginger Lemonade. I am a sucker for ginger!

Overall, this is a good little place with some really fresh, tasty, creative menu items. I hope that the lunch traffic can sustain them, since they have such potential. COME ON YELPERS, get in there and check it out. It is close enough to stop in for breakfast or lunch and get a little bite, even if you take it out, rather than eating in.
The food here is amazing.  They have vegan, vegetarian, options, which is so refreshing!  I have eaten there three times and it has been great every time.  The prices are great too - $7 and under!
3.5 to be exact...Came here for lunch yesterday, and enjoyed the gorgeous weather over a glass of...gazpacho? 

The space is really bright and airy, we went up and ordered at the counter and then slipped outside and moved our table into the sunshine. The man-friend and I split the veggie pasta special, the veggie sandwich, a glass of gazpacho, and each had a glass of ginger lemonade. Our lemonade came out first, and it was good. Not as gingery as I like it, but not surprising. I like a lot of ginger. 

Next out was the gazpacho. The chef (and I think owner?) mentioned that she was from Spain, so I knew I had to give it a try. It was listed under drinks, but I didn't really imagine that it would actually come out in a glass with ice and a straw. I got over the presentation quickly. This was THE BEST gazpacho I've had in years. Totally pureed, garlicky, with breadcrumbs in the mix so it tastes a bit creamy. Basically, the real freakin deal. 

It didn't take long for the rest of our meal to make it out. The pasta was really flavorful, with heaps of veggies piled on top of a hearty serving. The veggie sandwich wasn't a new favorite, but it wasn't bad, either. Both came with mixed greens salads and a vinaigrette. The salad was tender, the dressing was alright. 

We had a bit of a glitch with our bill on the way out. Everything is manually entered into the system, old school style, so take a closer peek at your check. 

There were lots of other tasty looking things on the menu like the Gypsy stew, pear and gorgonzola sandwich and some breakfast items, so we'll definitely be back.
The best thing about this place is the price, everything is really reasonably priced and the food is decent.  Three stars for the extremely slow service.  When I went, there only one other table in the place and it took our party of three over thirty minutes to get our food!

Overall: Decent food, good price, slow service.  Don't go if you are on any sort of time constraints
This place can't be beat in the downtown area in terms of creative, yummy food, relaxed atmosphere, and fair prices.

I've sampled about half of the menu, and while the red curried noodles and veggies wasn't really spicy enough for me, I've otherwise thoroughly enjoyed everything!  The gypsy stew is probably what comfort food tastes like in heaven.
This is the cutest place with great healthy food options.  I love the decor and shape of the space, triangular, light and airy.  I had an eggplant and onion panini and some ginger lemonade.  Totally fantastic.  Great little spot for a light brunch after Mass.

Looking forward to visiting again!
Solid menu choices. 
Great customer service. 

Sapna Cafe is a breath of fresh air along Grand Avenue. 

Robert M and I drove past this place after arrive home from a vacation in San Francisco. Having dined out daily there, we were in no mood to cook but a bit apprehensive about eating somewhere that would disappoint. Sapna came to the rescue. 

We split the Croque Monsieur panini and a tomato salad. The panini was fabulous; the salad a little too bitter for Robert's tastes but otherwise good. They don't refrain from their use of garlic in the latter, so it's best to share this on a date. 

Apparently, this space can be rented out which would make a great party spot. Plus, they're working on getting a liquor license.
This place makes me happy. As a native San Franciscan, Sapna reminds me of the cute neighborhood cafes with amazing food and great prices. I had a delightful brie + pear combination panini, which was served with a salad lightly dressed in vinaigrette; to drink I had a ginger lemonade which tickled the tongue. Plus...the colors of the building are incredible. Can't wait to go back.
Cute decor but uncomfortable seats with odd table heights and slouching chairs. The menu selection was neat and small, which is refreshing. Prices were good and  the fresh portions were a perfect size. They have very well blended perfect pairings of exotic foods. I was going to get the indian soup special until the waitress announced that it wasn't spicy, as a sales pitch. Some of us love spicy.
I love the long colorful drapes and decor.  The waitress was very friendly and the food was amazing!
Sapna. 
I wonder what that means?
The first thing I noticed was the bright airy space that felt like an oasis coming in from 100 degree mid afternoon weather.
The girl working was totally adorable and sat us down with some menus. She immediately started gushing about the lentil salad, so I didn't get much time to look closely at the menu. I was too worried about hurting her feelings NOT to order the lentil salad, so we settled on that and the eggplant panini sans cheese. 
best.
salad.
ever.
Extremely fresh tasting, local greens, lentils, and other veggies in a barely there lemon vinaigrette.  And some pita on the side.
The panini was okay. Yummy rustic whole wheat bread.
As we munched, I noticed the lush little patch of garden growing by the telephone pole outside. A grip of basil just basking away in DIRECT SUNLIGHT and looking fantastic. WTF I couldn't keep mine alive for a week! 
Anyway.
Total for the sandwich and salad was around $14. Not mad at that.
I'll be back for nopales and a tofu scramble breakfast burrito.
Sapna Cafe is one of those places I would have missed had it not been for the Urban Spoon App on my iPhone. I love to try new places and this place is certainly worth trying. The staff is very friendly and the food is very fresh and tasty. I had one of the daily specials. It was sort of like a breakfast burrito with eggs and other goodies in a tortilla with a side salad made of fresh greens. I also had the Ginger Lemonade and even fresh Strawberries and Creme. I wish them well, I will be back again.
I've deeply enjoyed Anna's stall at the downtown farmers' market and am delighted to [belatedly] learn she finally opened her cafe.  We went yesterday and had specials - a libation of gazpacho with beet instead of tomato as a base [surprisingly delicious and thirst quenching] - her filling take on a Spanish omelette and a pasta dish garnished with carmelized onion, bleu cheese and crushed walnut - again suprisingly delicious.  A word traveler who has mashed diverse sampled cuisines with a taste for what's good - Phoenix is a richer place for her sojourn here.
Everyone, in your best Joe Pesci (lethal weapon style) voice - "Ok, Ok, Ok". Yes, just like Joe gets excited, I'm totally excited about this place. 

After dying to get there for like the last month, I finally made it. Uh oh, though, I look at the menu, and oh great more salads and panini's. I mean really?, is that what downtown needs. Hannys, postino, lisa g, local breeze, hob nob- great, sandwiches. :(

Then (insert angelic chorus - "ahhhhhhhh") the waitress walks through the specials. Lentil salad, salmon over greens, tofu pasta, garbanzo bean salad, et' voilà!

Low and behold, I went with the lentil salad. What do NBA fans say?- "Its Fantastic"! A mixture of lentils, carrots, zucch - all over greens. Mmm, yum. The wife went on to have a panini, and you know what, I'll be eating crow for sure. Pears, Brie, walnuts all on wheat bread, then grill - mmmmmmm. 

Let's top it off with the chocolate mousse, shall we? Yes we shall!! Yes, ladies and gentlemen - another fine course. 

The atmosphere is clean, but bright and casual. Give this place a shot- open your mind and have some fun!
This is a really nice, unique neighborhood place - the decor reminded me of South Beach a little. The menu is nice, although the pricing is a little odd. The $5 goat cheese and red pepper marmalade quesadilla was delicious but tiny. Meanwhile, we got a bigpiece of pound cake for dessert that was just $2.50. And my ginger lemonade was $3. I'd say both food items should have been about $4, and the drink $2. The paninis are priced right - $7 for a nice sandwich with a small side salad of mixed greens. All-in-all, the food gets a solid 4 stars. The service, however, is their weak point. It took 10 minutes for our server to come over to take drink orders and another 10 minutes for her to come back to take food orders...not a place to get in and out of quickly. Sapna is a great addition to this Grand Ave. area - now they just need to hone their service.
Not a fan. A group of us swung by during June's First Friday around 830PM. We were seated relatively fast and our orders were taken in short order, but after that service came to a grinding halt. The menu is limited in general but the sandwiches looked great, of course that was not what I ordered. I went for the $5 gypsy stew which was really tasty, but I was served a portion that should have cost $1.25. I mean seriously, soup is the classic poor people food, this had like 16 garbanzos, a few random veggies floating around in it and a little bit of potato. For $5 I could have made at least a gallon of soup. Please at least serve a portion that isn't blatant about ripping me off. Thank you. Because I'd gone light on dinner I ordered the olive oil cake thing I'd seen at the register with a tag on it that said $2.50 a slice. The cake came out with a side of 4 cantaloupe cubes and 1 strawberry in some glaze. The cake was nice, pretty much the consistency of corn bread and no heavy olive flavor. I'd never had it before so weee, new things in my mouth.  When it came time to pay my $2.50 slice of cake morphed into a $5.50 dessert. Say what? 

I am infinitely annoyed by price gouging and none of this food is spectacularly intricate or worth the wait. When I tell you that we waited 30 minutes for 4 sandwiches and 1 cup of soup I am not speaking in hyperbole. We didn't leave sapna until 10PM because the server forgot to serve me the cake slice i'd ordered at the same time as the soup.  

Yeah I guess I'm a little bitter about it.
The food is really very good. Always fresh and interesting. My favorite thing is the gazpacho. 

Today, I went for lunch with a largish group of people. Even though the dining area isn't that big, we were all accommodated nicely. They even split up the tab for us! (there were 9 of us) I love that they have really tasty vegan fare which in this city can be hard to come by. 

Here are my issues. Although the owners/servers are nice, the service can be really really bad. I'm not a pessimist, but why would a waiter only fill up a glass of water halfway? Also to describe the non-vegan special today, our waitress said "oh, you know, it's like fish and rice and tomato sauce" appetizing....  I prefer my servers to have social skills. 

BUT I still recommend going here. The food is good, and it is a locally owned establishment.  I can't wait to come back and visit Phoenix when the Grand Ave area really explodes.
i love this place.  the food is always delicious and well prepared.  my favorite dish at the moment is the tofu scramble with veggies, it never disappoints me.  

the space is clean, airy and bright.  the staff is friendly and attentive.  i took my (picky) sister here for lunch when she visited from out of town and she made us go back for brunch on the way to the airport!
When I was a kid, and a restaurant would close that my mom & dad liked, they would always say, "oh, darn, I guess we didn't go there enough."

Sapna Cafe is one of those places that I plan to go to enough!   It is so darn CUTE, great adaptive reuse of an unusual space on Grand Ave.   But most importantly, the food is AWESOME.   

Friday night I stopped in for dinner solo - warmly welcomed.  But, sadly, only two other tables were occupied.   Two more came in while I was there.   Now there are only maybe 12 tables in the place, but still.    Based on the tasty food and the almost anachronistically low prices, this place should be rockin' every Friday night. Constantly changing menu, because everything is fresh-fresh-fresh.    I was also offered numerous off-menu options, by the lovely and friendly server, Paris, and settled on a linguine pasta with shrimp and pesto sauce.  Oh my it was so good I snarfed it right down, and wanted to pick up the plate and drain the remaining yummy olive oil pesto sauce into my mouth.  (But I didn't.  Really.)     Dessert was homemade Tapioca pudding, yum! 

If you do Facebook, fan them and you'll get the planned special as an update every day. 

Go, really - it's awesome.
While on the walking tour at the Grand Avenue Festival I thought I'd stop in for a quick bite. I'd heard great things and was excited to try something new. The place was busy, sure, but not packed. After my experience today I can say I'm not impressed. 
The people working seemed flustered and disorganized. No one seemed to be in charge. It was chaos. 
I ordered toast. It took 40 MINUTES to get my damn toast!!! I don't care how "busy" any place is, 40 minutes for toast is unacceptable. 
The snarky worker gave me attitude when I asked how much longer it would be.
"Well, we're busy" was the reply. But when I pay $3.79 for toast with butter and I don't have it 40 minutes later, being "busy" isn't the response I want to hear. 
I don't really care how great the food is. It could be the best food in the entire Valley and I wouldn't go back. But if you chose to go, make sure you bring a novel and have no where else to be the rest of the day.
I had the brie and carmelized onion quesadilla and my husband had the calcutta egg roll.  Can't wait to try everything on the menu.  
Ana was our server for our early saturday morning bruch.  When I first saw the small space and fold out chairs, I worried I had made a wrong choice, but when the food arrived we were blown away.  Never would have expected such depth in flavor.  Ana took the time to come out and answer questions about ingredients used and even went back to the kitchen to bring us the jar of an ingredient we'd never heard of.  
Great place, amazing food.  I only wish I could have a calcutta egg roll everyday.
Sapna.

Been here twice. Second instance first Friday. Met with my precocious sister and a girl with a similar hair style. 

The waitress was charming and fresca like a cilantro roasted lime creme fraiche. As she explained the menu, she remarked on my visage and stated that I appeared unimpressed. Either I am easy to read or she is good at detecting mannerisms.

I ordered the quesadilla with goat cheese and red bell pepper marmalade. It was tasty. However the inner portion of the tortilla was soft and soggy from the cheese yet the ends were crisp and too brittle. All in all the dish was a good combination of flavors and adequately priced for the ingredients.

The coffee was good. That is a huge plus. 

Finally they changed service in between our visit. A bit weird. An introduction would have been nice. They did not offer to refill my coffee nor served us water. Was their a shortage that I was not aware of? 

Anyway, it is spartan and white with copious amount of window space. Not sure if I like it, but it is definitely a style.

I am excited that Dominique from Palette. is coming on board to come up with some ideas for the menu. YAY!
I want to like this place a lot. Grand desperately needs some strong eateries. Sapna seems like it should be excellent: cheap, healthy food in a unique triangle-shaped setting. So what went wrong?

I've given this place several tries. Every time the service is terrible. They're understaffed (even when we were the only table there... one person working at a restaurant isn't possible), and if there are more than three employees there at once, they always get confused. I'm not sure what the reason is...the place only has like eight tables. 

Second, the atmosphere is depressing. Sapna has a really different setting in the tip of the Bragg's Pie building. If anything, the atmosphere should be the automatic winner. Instead, it's a plain white room with plain white plastic tables. Last time I was in there, the one painting hanging on the wall fell off, hitting a patron in the head. Then it took several minutes for the server to get him some ice. He had a nice ole welt. 

I like the quesadillas here a lot. The food is fresh... just not always tasty. The ratatouille is strong. I have yet to find a really great salad on the menu.
Each time I've been to Sapna the food has been excellent! I've only had breakfast here and each time I order the frittata of the day. My husband has ordered the pumpkin pancakes and oh my god, these are some of the best pancakes I have ever had. The syrup is so yummy. I'm drooling just thinking of them. 
We have also had the Calcutta egg roll, which is worth a try, but not sure I would get it again and the pork tacos which were just delicious. 
The Moraccan mint tea is very tasty. A very refreshing iced tea with fresh mint leaves. 

I love the food, but have to say the service is a bit hit or miss. As other Yelpers have said, you could be the only person in the place and hardly see your server. It's a small place, so I don't know how one person could go unnoticed. Really, the service isn't much to complain about as the food is so good I can kind of overlook the service.

I think once this place catches on they will have a line out the building like Matt's Big Breakfast and rightly so as I think the food is far more superior.
since we were downtown to pick up our chang marathon packets, we hit this place up for breakfast. it's been on our "to do" list for months, but you know how it is....we just sorta get sucked into our 2mile radius of home. 

this place was so cute. small and cozy, yet trendy and hip....simple, basic, with focus on the food. everything non-food is from ikea, so it reminded us of our condo. we were the only 3 people there and simply enjoyed having the whole place to ourselves. i hope that's not a bad thing and that more people showed up later, because the owner seemed extremely sweet and nice and it's so sad to see a personal, home grown, passionate business go under. 

anyway, i ordered the pumpkin pancakes, and holy syrup man, they were freaking delicious. at first i thought no way would these four little measly pancakes fill me up, but afterwards, i could barely finish my side of home fries. they were crispy and sweet, slightly dense but not heavy. with walnuts, the perfect balance to any pancake. my girl had the baked eggs with chipotle and it was tang-ilicious. our guest had some sort of veggie burrito item and it was large and she said it tasted soooooo good. the coffee was rich and strong, but they charge .50 for a refill, which is a little lame, but happily paid for since our meals were cooked to order, and we'd rather pay 3.00 bucks for home town service than shopping mall chain. 

cost us 25 bucks for 2 people. great food and a good deal. check this place out.
Wow, I have to say we were both underwhelmed...and I had hoped for so much more. I loved the building from the get go...had been there before and thought it was brilliant to open a restaurant in that space.  How cute!  Cozy and charming.  Loved it.  

We arrived at 2:30 on a Saturday and we were told to take a seat - and then we waited quite a while for someone to come and take our order.  They never asked us if we wanted water, and the drink I had ordered was not available so we both ordered cold drinks - he had Ginger Lemonaide and I had Orangeaide.  Loved the Ginger flavor, but both the drinks were syrup sweet - which was not what we were hoping for - we like our citrus to have some tang.
Then we ordered a bowl of soup, quesdilla with brie and onion marmalade (both for me) and a turkey sandwich with cheese and mustard sauce (him.)  Both our plates arrived and were very nice...but no soup ever came.  Then we waited, thinking the soup and the silverware was coming, and we waited...and waited...and no soup - and still waiting.  My lovely companion got up and stole some place settings from somewhere else and in doing so we snuck into the kitchen to inquire about my soup.  They said they forgot - which was cool - but apparently they had put it away and it was going to have to be reheated which meant we ended up sharing everything...except the soup.

Now for the food.....it was good - but not great.  It was somewhat bland.  It had great, fresh ingredients, but everything was tainted with something sweet.  The soup needed salt (they don't have any on the table) and the other items were meant to be sweeter - I guess.

So maybe this is a GREAT restaurant and I was just tainted by the slow service.  Or maybe we should have ordered something else.  I promise to go back - I refuse to give up on this place...It's just too damn cute!
Best gazpacho soup in town. (In a cup with a straw, yes!!!)
Many of my friends have told me to dine at Sapna.
Each time I have has been more than enjoyable ( Vegan options! esp. Breakfast! )
Great staff and intimate atmosphere.
Now I know why Emo guys can fit into jeans made for tween girls, they eat at places like this. It would make sense; this must be the target audience with this location.

I arrived just past noon with a co worker, luckily there was a police car parked nearby so I was not afraid to leave my car in this less than ideal neighborhood.

 From the outside it looks modern, trendy and bright. 

Inside are white tables and chairs, seating is limited but their business also seemed to be a bit limited. After hearing about the specials and looking over the menu I chose the Blue Cheese Quesadilla with tomato Marmalade as I do love blue cheese. 

When my meal arrived I was shocked how small, pale and pedestrian it looked. Unlike the photo provided my quesadilla was much smaller made with an out of a package soft taco sized tortilla. Accompanying it was a small almost garnish sized dollop of rice salad on top of some baby spinach greens. The rice salad was cold, and flavorless, cold rice is rarely a good culinary choice.

 My quesadilla was under done and unevenly browned, there was plenty of marmalade but not too much cheese. The flavors just did not work for me even when I tried to pair it with the apple garnish. 

My coworker ordered the lentil soup special of the day. It came in a small cup with a challa spinach and cheese Panini on the side. When a ~100lb female says hr portion was small you know it must be small. She enjoyed the soup, and felt the Panini was just mediocre filler. 

My second drink refill, when it finally came was warm as they had no ice in the pitcher.

I see no reason for me to try another meal here.
simple decor but sophisticated cuisine and healthful ingredients
make this place a pleasure. Low prices don't hurt either. There is
fenced parking across the street.  This is a BYOB place.
OK, having read the hot/cold reviews on Sapna and having a free Sunday to spend with my sweet baboo...off we went. 

First of all...service issues listed in prior reviews are mostly true. This is not a "get 'em in, get 'em out" kind of place, so we didn't see our waiter that often. I was prepared for a slow experience, so it didn't bother me...much. That said, I do want a cup of coffee more frequently than every 20 minutes. Our server mentioned that a fresh pot was being brewed, so I understood the delay for the first cup. When he came out of the kitchen and refreshed all the cups at the other table, I was already itchin' for my second cup...DENIED! Didn't even come near our table to check on our caffeine level 8(

We both ordered brunch specials. I had the much bally-hooed pumpkin pancakes, which didn't taste all that pumpkin-y. I haven't yet decided if that is good or bad. The cream cheese/walnut topping was awesome and they were not skimpy with it. The pancakes were moist and delish. The leftovers (which didn't really fit into the chinese leftover box I was given) will be wonderful tomorrow a.m., I'm sure!

Hubby had a baked breakfast casserole. It smelled delish and he claims it was wonderful. It had spinach, chorizo, egg, tomato and cheese (and other stuff i'm sure) and was baked. It looked a bit runny, but after mixing it all together and slathering it on top of the home fries (which he claimed were good), it lost its runny appearance. Go figure!

I felt that the room could have used some sound deadening, as the group at the other table was a bit loud, but the front door was open and the street noise was non-existent. Cute atmosphere...all IKEA, all the time!

Our check was exactly $20 without tip/tax, so I felt like it was a successful outing. Great weather, great food, good (if not slow) service. 

I look forward to a return visit to try other menu items, as many looked like stuff right up my alley!
this was my second trip for breakfast to sapna and again, i was the only customer in there for over an hour. 

not that i was in a rush, but damn man, it is like molasses in there. so slow....the waiter guy....just...just...i don't know what it is about some of these uber hip places....like the orange table....couldn't give a rat's ass if you ate there or not, just as long as you look forlorn, angry, or wearing an emo-mullet. 

coffee was cold and like other reviewers, feels like forever to get refill. and this time, my portion seemed a bit less filling. a baked scramble with tofu, tomatoes and cheese, it was wicked hot and i nearly suffered 3rd degree burns when i rotated my plate. i felt like i could've eaten 2 more....good, but kinda small. i've had better. 

but the kicker came, and i don't know why i didn't fuss about this in my last review was the price. 10.75 for that small portion and 2 cups of coffee. i know, i know, i'm so hypocritical....i want good, local ingredients but i don't want to pay the price (did you know you can get an enormous breakfast that would fill 3 people for under 5 bucks?). what's a cheap bastard to do? 

in the end, not a great exprience this time. will check back later....
The one thing that I always think when I see a small menu is, "these better be good." Sapna's menu is very small - about 15 items - but what they do have they do really well. A friend and I shared the Goat Cheese and Red Pepper quesadilla (awesome), we all had the veggie panini (mmm-mmm good) and drank Moroccan Mint Tea (perfect). The red peppers in the quesadilla were actually in marmalade form and tasted fantastic - I'd love to try the bleu cheese and tomato quesadilla. I loved the simplicity of the panini; all of the veggies were cooked just right. The sandwich didn't fall apart, but it was fully stuffed with goodies. And if I could drink the Moroccan mint tea everyday, I'd consider myself the luckiest woman in the world. 

The decor inside is simple and the service was friendly. I love the sprigs of basil as the table flowers. We waited an average amount of time for our meals (approximately fifteen minutes) and the waitress was available when we needed her. There were a few other people inside besides my friends and me, but it was Phoenix on a Saturday night - I wouldn't have expected a crowd. I can't wait to go back to try the Gypsy soup and get another cup of mint tea.
finally got to try this place out! i went for lunch on a friday but arrived early because of warning of slow service. these rumors seem to be true. i ordered the watermelon rosewater beverage which was refreshing and not too sweet, and the goat cheese and red pepper quesadilla which was heavenly. the only problem with it was that it wasn't six times bigger. i seriously considered ordering another. and another. the red peppers are made into a marmalade, so they're sweet; sweet and unbelievably delicious.

i also ordered the eggplant and chick pea salad because they were out of the lentil salad. the dressing was citrusy and light, but there was a little too much of it on the salad. otherwise, it was delightful. a simple salad. 

service was friendly, albeit slow, but they easily accommodated my friend who was unable to eat starchy products. they cooked up an off-menu delicious spanish-style vegetable dish with eggs and chorizo. she was smitten. 

my only complaint was that it was very, very hot in there. true, it's august, but i was sweaty when i left. and they were all out of dessert which may or may not be a bad thing!
This is my new favorite local foodie spot.

Came in for Sunday brunch with my girlfriend and we ordered two of their specials, the salmon/rice/egg scramble and the blueberry pancakes with homemade whip cream and honey syrup.  Also got their "orangeade" and moroccan mint tea.

the salmon/egg/rice scramble was FANTASTIC. came with a side of spinach with this delicious dressing that we both devoured.  it totally hit the spot and was just the right temperature (i have a problem with things either being too hot or too hold when they're served).  i wish this was a regular item on their menu because i'd be in here every day.  the blueberry pancakes were wheat i think, which made them not as moist as regular pancakes, but the blueberries inside of them provide the perfect amount of juiciness.  Honey syrup was different but what really made the pancakes was the whipped cream.  My girlfriend commented on how it was "just like her grandma made it".  Always a good sign :)

Like most of the other reviewers said, service can be slow, but I didn't mind, as I wasn't in a mood for things to move too fast.  Can get a little hot in there, as it seems they don't have A/C, just fans and a swamp cooler, and the art on the walls could use some help.  But I love the simplicity and design of the place, and considering I moved just down the street, this will definitely be a regular spot of mine to hit up.  Can't wait to try all of their menu items!
wow what a cool little place
i adored it
stopped in here for brunch on sunday? and it was a perfect experience
other than being a little hot inside
i ordered the andalusian toast for $2, delicious!
this is what i would consider the pinnacle of toast
the paragon of toast really
i thought i was good at making toast
i feel ashamed, and embarassed. The skill with which a couple of simple ingredients were combined to make such wonderful toast astounded me. I could go on and on really, I happen to love bread that much (not the 70's band of course).
i also ordered some coffee for $2
all in all $5 for brunch, in a lovely little homey setting
the owner/chef made you feel very comfortable and relaxed. 
Its really cool how much Grand has changed over the years, Sapna is a great example of that change, and I hope other trepidatious small business owners take a lesson from Sapna.
Do yourself a favour and stroll down Grand ave. sometime and hit up all the cool little shops and bars and restos, im sure you'll be pleasantly surprised.
The only bad points of my experience were beyond Sapna's control: note- huge table of older yuppies behind me who were loud and judgemental, i vividly remember this one old douche exclaiming "excuse me but we were the first group here and the last to order!" to our sweet young little waitress, the look of embarassment and reticence on her face pained me, i couldnt help but think, 'Really? Really? cause i seem to recall your big group coming in AFTER me...but no no go ahead and complain please!' 
love sapna and will gladly be coming back when they have more of that gypsy stew in stock!
The only place I know of in Phoenix where you can get a fresh vegan breakfast, with new specials each week. I love the tofu scramble, sometimes they have a tofu and veggie breakfast burro which is absolutely to die for. The owner and staff are always very friendly and have always been happy to accommodate any special requests I've made.
My mom and I tried this place today. We are both avid cooks - and picky but appreciative eaters as a result.

I've got to say, we were both pleasantly surprised by the special: Moroccan lentil soup served with bread and salad. The flavors were fantastic! And the soup was hearty.

There are options for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters here. The food is Spanish and Moroccan inspired. The ingredients are incredibly fresh. The service is friendly. And the prices are affordable. All in all a good experience.

As other reviewers have noted, the pace is slow. This is not the place to go if you are in a hurry.
Sapna is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix, and I am so fortunate to live just down the street. The owner, Anna, is from Spain and has travelled the world, and she competently reflects her time in Spain, India, Mexico, and elsewhere in her dishes. 

The food is most important, and this is where Sapna shines. A regular at the Downtown Farmers Market -- both as a vendor and a buyer -- Anna's food is local, fresh, organic, and filled with vegan and vegetarian options. Rarely do I order off the menu, as Sapna's specials reflect what just came off the farm. Yes, I have had a dish or two that didn't wow me, but the homemade pasta is some of the best I've ever had, and the paella is right out of Spain (when it is included with the specials).

The space is small, but charming. Shaped like a slice of pie with large windows on both sides of the angles, the spot in the Bragg's Pie Building is fun, casual, and filled with local art for sale. The floors are unfinished, the furniture is from Ikea, and the tables have basil or whatever is currently growing in the outside containers in small vases; and sometimes they are growing roots in the water. High end? No. Quirky? Sure.

The service is friendly, but can be slow if the place gets full. If you want fast and typical, Sapna is not for you. If you like fresh and local from a talented Phoenix owner/chef, put this place on the top of your list!
update - Sapna is now closed

Sapna is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix, and I am so fortunate to live just down the street. The owner, Anna, is from Spain and has travelled the world, and she competently reflects her time in Spain, India, Mexico, and elsewhere in her dishes. 

The food is most important, and this is where Sapna shines. A regular at the Downtown Farmers Market -- both as a vendor and a buyer -- Anna's food is local, fresh, organic, and filled with vegan and vegetarian options. Rarely do I order off the menu, as Sapna's specials reflect what just came off the farm. Yes, I have had a dish or two that didn't wow me, but the homemade pasta is some of the best I've ever had, and the paella is right out of Spain (when it is included with the specials).

The space is small, but charming. Shaped like a slice of pie with large windows on both sides of the angles, the spot in the Bragg's Pie Building is fun, casual, and filled with local art for sale. The floors are unfinished, the furniture is from Ikea, and the tables have basil or whatever is currently growing in the outside containers in small vases; and sometimes they are growing roots in the water. High end? No. Quirky? Sure.

The service is friendly, but can be slow if the place gets full. If you want fast and typical, Sapna is not for you. If you like fresh and local from a talentePhoenix owner/chef, put this place on the top of your list!
I have been here a couple times and liked the place and the menu.

But recently Sapna offered a Groupon, of which I bought two, and soon after she closed! I heard she was having a tough time keeping afloat and maybe this was a last minute attempt to bring in traffic, but what the heck! it was valid from Nov 21 till May 21 and I haven't used even one. 

This is just pure... nonsense!
I've been here twice, so far, with my husband, and we both love it!  The first time there was complementary wine tasting--a fun activity while waiting for the food to arrive. We've tried a number of the small plates and the vegetarian paella. The food is consistently delicious, perfectly seasoned, and very traditionally Spanish. The staff is friendly and attentive. Located in a not-so-nice strip mall off of Allen Blvd., the interior is surprisingly lovely--great ambiance, and a welcome improvement to said strip mall for sure. It's right down the road from our house, and we are thrilled to have such a yummy, charming place in close proximity. We will definitely be visiting again soon.
Absolutely awesome tapas, exactly what the Madison area needed. I can't afford the Icon, and it's not nearly as authentic. My family is from Madrid, and I can honestly say that the tapas are very traditional- traditional enough that I had to read the menu & explain some of the dishes & ingredients to my non-Spanish friends at the table. The service was a little on the slower side, but I've found that's pretty typical for such a new restaurant. I hope that the servers speed up a little, without sacrificing the quality of the food. I highly recommend checking it out yourself... sit back, relax, & enjoy the relaxed environment! I'll be back as soon as possible to see if the paella can live up to my Abuelita's :)
We chose Tapas Rias last night for a special occasion & it was a terrific choice! For less than $50, 2 people were stuffed with tapas, a half pitcher of very good sangria riojas & 2 desserts. The selection of tapas was pretty broad & the portions generous. Our favorites of what we ordered were the grilled scallops, the garbanzo beans with chorizo & the cold red potato salad (not the one with tuna). Oddly, the low point of the 6 dishes we ordered was the Spanish olives; I love these when we are in Europe, but have never had any in the US that aren't over-salted & under-flavored. The table next to us ordered the cold mussels & we wished we had tried them, too (next time). The service was excellent- attentive but not intrusive. The other highlight of the evening was the music- The Sweet Tooths! We had never heard them before, but when we got home & looked them up on MySpace & YouTube we may be in the minority. If you have never heard them (also known as Bronson & Preston Taalbi), remedy that IMMEDIATELY. You don't have to like Spanish or flamenco guitar (but I bet you will after you hear them), because they intersperse that with guitar standards like Clapton, Santana, & Stairway to Heaven. We will definitely go back to Tapas Rias & will probably break a traffic law or two if we hear The Sweet Tooths are there.
The quality of food warrents a much higher price. Similar tapas bars in Madison charges you much more for half the portion and terrible flavor. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food. Great value
We went with the kids as a family. All the kids loved the bread and oil that is served before the meal. My wife and I scoured Spain for good paella, but the Tapas Rias seafood paella is far better. The tapas are tasty and prices are good.
The plato combinado was mighty tasty.
Not authentic, not fresh,  and really not worth the bother!

The quality of ingredients was sub-par, the ingredients used in the menu items weren't authentic either.  Another disappointing tapas experience in Madison...I can't wait to see someone do it right.
We ordered all varieties of the hot tapas, and fell in love right away. Yay for the first Spanish Tapas we had in Madison, and yay for the cheap delicious seafoods and many more. The grilled squid and the cucumber salad was so tasty and refreshing, the chicken and ham croquette/puff was very tasty and satisfying, the deep fried squid was not special but still delisious (with mayo sauce on the side), and the grilled octopus were okay. The bread was warm and soft, and after dipping it in olive oil, yummm it was so much better. 
We also ordered the paella, as we think it's a must whenever you go to a Spanish restaurant. We were dissapointed, because you have to get two orders minimum,  it was not as cheap as other meals in the menu, and the taste was so-so.  I won't go back and order this again.
For drink, I had the mango sangria, and I loveeeee it!!!
The waitress was super friendly and attentive, eventhough it was a busy night. Overall, this place is a must visit, especially if you crave for fresh seafood for a reasonable price!! It's a very nice place to have a fun night out, sharing foods, and enjoying different flavors of sangria...
This is probably one of the most best places I've dined at in a while. Their paella is incredible, so much seafood and chicken that two people might not be enough to finish it!! The red wine sangria was amazing, not too strong nor too weak, just right. Plus each meal is started off with warm fresh bread and olive oil, delicious!! And there are so many tapas to choose from, I recommend the plata combinado for a good all-around sampling of the tapas frias. The portions are great too, not to small that you're still hungry but not too large where you're walking out with a huge box.

Tapas Rias is fantastic, bottom line!!
Great food and excellent service.  Everyone is friendly and makes sure you have what you need.  We love to get a variety of hot tapas.  The beef tenderloin skewers are so tender and the sauce is delicious.  We always get a plate of the Chorizo to share.  The variety of different sausages is really nice.  Tonight we tried the Rioja potatoes with sausages and the sauce on that dish was really tasty.  The bread is fresh and warm and perfect to soak up the wonderful sauces on everything.  We have also enjoyed the scallops.  

The atmosphere is warm and inviting despite the high ceilings and the Spanish music gives a nice atmosphere.  Don't let the strip mall location discourage you from trying this gem.
Our first visit to this place was for my birthday, and it was killer!  The second visit, for my husband's birthday, not so much.  Super under -staffed, therefore super slow service, and the food was not great.  We'll try it again, just to give it a fair chance...I hope it's good!
The food is delicious and affordable. I am primarily writing to counter a few of the bad reviews.

1. Granted the service was slow, they were busy when I went. HOWEVER without any comment on the mediocre service, the owner came and apologized and brought us all free drinks! Amazing job keeping us happy! 

2. I have an issue with the individuals who say it is awful because it is not authentic. First off, judging by the reviewers names they are not of Spanish origin. Secondly, trying to know precisely what an entire nations food should be is difficult even for people of that nationality. One "typical" dish can be represented many ways in different regions. Thirdly, even if it is not "authentic" it is very delicious!
This was a pleasant find.  Each plate feeds about 3-4 people so it's nice to be able to share and enjoy a greater variety of food.  We were offered a sample of the red sangria and it was seasoned with cinnamon;  I'm normally not much of a fan but I would order this sangria.  

Since there were four of us, we got to try a number of dishes, all of which we really enjoyed (the ingredients were very fresh and everything was well-seasoned):  Queso de Cabra En Adobe (goat cheese), Platos de Tres Quesos, Pincho de Solomillo (tender, skewered beef, terrific),  Gambas al Ajillo (very garlicky shrimp), Roxo Adobado (pork - terrific), Caracoles a la Barcelona (not your typical escargot and you do want to get every bit of sauce with the bread they serve), and the tomatoes with sausage (the vegetables were great even without the flavourful sausage).

My family really enjoyed it and we all agreed that we'd come back.
I have been here a number of times and figured I should give them some love!  Don't be scared of the "strip mall appearance" and go on in you will be pleasantly surprised! 

Weekends & week nights friends and I have always got right in and had quick immediate service.  The servers are always very friend and helpful with selections.  They have live music I believe every Friday night.

Everything I have ever had here is always very fresh, tasty and fulfilling. 
There are many many Tapas to choose from and there is something for everyone! It is so fun to all pick something and pass it around! 

I would highly recommend trying the specialty drinks here!  The Margaritas & mojitos with the spice around the rim are simply amazing.  

2 for 1 Margaritas on Weds Night!!  =)
I love this Spanish-themed restaurant! We had a very satisfying meal here and it was reasonably priced. The waitstaff was numerous, efficient and very gracious. The tapas were filling, nicely presented and set at the $5-7 range, with cold selections available. Entrees were available too. There was a lot of fish on the menu, but enough for vegetarians and meat eaters. The owner introduced himself after the meal and we tasted a complimentary Spanish margarita sample and chocolates at the end of our meal. Everyone in the restaurant was having a good time and there was a relaxed, cosmopolitan feel to the place. The info at their site deserves a look. The music was acoustic guitar and was unnecessarily mic'd, but like many Madison restaurants, it was noisy because everyone was talking and having a good time--ear plugs suggested. Although located in an Allen Blvd. strip mall next to the Dollar store and the demolished Sentry, the atmoosphere is cozy, warm and buzzing. We went on Friday after tax day so it was busy...
Old fish. Good service, yet unapologetic. The paella was flavorless with no hint of saffron nor fish broth.  Hubby tells me mixing meat and fish in paella is a no-no in Spain. Not a big deal to me, if the shrimp didn't have a moldy aftertaste. Luckily we are headed to cilantro for a sangria taste-off slash clean our palate adventure. Not likely to return anytime soon.
On one hand, I love tapas like I love my children so I would like to have given this a 5-star rating.  On the other hand, the recommended items were average and a couple of the items were just not very good.

The reviews on Yelp had prepared me for the lackluster setting in a stripmall but the restaurant is nicely appointed with Spanish ambience (music, art, wine).  The service was attentive.

Sadly, their food just wasn't very good or tasty.
Really unassuming as a tapas joint.  As others said, don't let the strip mall appearance fool you, food is great.  Its much better than Cafe Samba if you been there, with a menu thats 2x or 3x bigger.

Lots of hot, cold, combos, seafood etc.
Super speedy service, tasty well plated foods.
Waitress helped explain certain items or what food looked like.
Great drink specials.
Pretty reasonable bill, we had 8 plates and 4 drinks and it came to around $50-60 only for the 2 of us.  We were STUFFED with those plates and had 3 left over boxes to take home with us for lunch the next day....reheated really well too.
They have very delicious food. I can eat their gazpacho three times a day, every day. It is great.
I really enjoyed this place. I went there with some night-school classmates to blow off steam after a late class. We tried a variety of tapas, of which, the chicken were the best. There are a variety of dishes, all of which pack a lot of flavor. The Wednesday night drinks specials are great (2 for 1 margaritas or sangria). Average price person ended up being around $10. Given all the food we eat, this was a fantastic value. 

I give it extra props for taking us in at 9:10 (they close at 10) and letting us stay a little extra late. Our server was attentive and even divided up all of our checks. 

Check this place out! I can't wait to go back.
I like the setting of this restaurant. There's a nice bar and the decor of the dining area is nice. This is a true Spanish tapas place.

I've only been here once and it was okay. The sangria was a good deal. We ordered eight tapas plates to try as much variety as possible. I don't think our waitress was that helpful. We would show her the menu and point to a random dish we thought was interesting and ask her if she'd recommend it or if it was good. She affirmed each time and at the time, she made me think I was a genius. Well, all the plates were mediocre or decent. We had two desserts, one was an ice cream-based and another was a sweet pear. I didn't really like either.

Service, however, was great. I kind of felt bad since we kept asking our waitress for recommendations instead of ordering the tapas all at once.
CLOSED ***

Ugh!!!!    Banging.   My.   Head.   On.   My.   Steering  wheel!!

What is up with trying to get a bite to eat in Middleton?  First I went to Palmyra.  It was closed for good.  As I was Yelping on my phone, I saw a local guy and he recommended Tapas Rias.  So I drove here to Tapas Rias and guess what?  It was closed for good. 

Next I go to the gas station to fill up and I ask another local what he recommends.  He said the buffet at the grocery store (Copps Food Center) was great and Imperial Garden has the best Chinese food around. So I pretended to sound interested since he was kind enough to talk with me. However, a grocery store buffet and chinese food...in Middleton?  That's the best a local could offer?  But it got better.  As he gave me directions to Imperial Garden, he explained that the restaurant was attached to a gas station.  UGH!!!  No thank you!

Now I'm frustrated AND hungry and I'm just trying to find some decent food to bring back to the hotel for me and my husband.  

So on my way to Imperial Gas station....I mean Garden.  I drive by Crandall's.  This place looked like it had good food.  Unfortunately, they are closed on Sunday.  After Yelping a bit more, I looked up Captain Bill's. I wasn't necessarily looking to spend a lot of money, but it sounded good and I was in the area. I passed it up a couple times, but once I found it, there was a sign on the door "open 5 PM to Close".  Well...it was almost 3 PM.  Is this for real people.  I had nothing to eat today.  How can this be? 

Thank God for Yelp.  I starting Yelping again and looked up more reviews in the Middleton area.  That's when Mharaja Restaurant came up.  I called immediately to find out if they were open...for the day...or at all for that matter.  The man who answered the phone explained that they close at 3 PM. It was 2:51 PM and he was kind enough to wait for me to get there.  I ordered way too much food but it was pretty decent.

***I would have rather had tapas, but as you can see from my photo, it will soon be a little Mexican restaurant called Cocina Real.
As Wendy C notes, the location has closed.  Verified.
Very nice little joint. Nice atmosphere, great tapas but needs a bit more greenery in the menu to add a bit of variety to proceedings. Definitely worth a visit though if you need a Spanish fix.
Fantastic......... 
The two of us went there on a Saturday @ 6pm withought booking, which wasn't a problem, they gave us two hrs which was fine, we had 5 tapas to start and the paella for 2 which was great with 2 Btls wine £67. staff are very friendly and nothings to much bother, a great atmosphere too. 

Enjoy.
This place might have a great central location, and it might stand out from all the other multitude of eateries in the George Street area because there aren't that many spanish places around, but I still don't rate it.

Loads of Spanish restaurants, in my opinion, leave you tasting nothing more than paprika and grease in your mouth for the rest of the evening/week, and Café Andalúz didn't really much to dispel that theory.

I also couldn't help thinking it was overpriced. Not because the food wasn't good, but because with it being tapas the portions were really small and so I left thinking I could easily go for the same again.

They do offer really good deals on their website, and in the snapfax for the benefit of students, but everyone I know who's tried to take them up on this has had no end of problems. Unless you quote the offer code or snapfax page at least ten times when calling up to book, or when you first arrive, you can expect to see abosultely nothing of the promos or discounts you thought you were going to receive.

It's lucky the setting is lovely, and the service is efficient, or I'd definitely be giving this 2 stars.
This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh if I'm heading out last-minute. It always gaurantee's quality and the food is delicious! And you don't have to be particularly dressy either - amazing!

My first visit here was with my dad, after we had just climbed Arthurs Seat (imagine sweat marks, curly hair and muddy shoes) but I didn't feel uncomfortable. Partly because it had a really casual atmosphere, and partly because it's quite dark in here! 

The staff are really friendly and eager to help. As a result of my first visit, I come to Andaluz (what the cool kids call it) every other week or so. My order is always the same....

Mussels in a white wine and garlic sauce
Scallops with parma ham and leeks
Honey-mustard Chicken
Black Pudding with Apple mango chutney

I usually go with someone else, and the above selection usually fills us up. I thoroughly recommend the Black Pudding with chutney, and it goes really well with the honey-chicken.

The only bad thing about Andaluz is the price of wine - the cheapest bottle is around £13, but I suppose the free mints at the door compensate for this.
If you look below, you'll find a fairly accurate description of how your mouth will feel after a visit to Cafe Andaluz. I'm going to be a bit more generous though and say it's paprika and (greasy) olive oil you taste for weeks afterwards. That's not really a problem for me though, as I love paprika, olive oil, and grease if I'm being honest. 

Cafe Andaluz is a small but popular chain, and while it has the usual chain drawbacks of a slightly processed edge to proceedings and a very sanitised ambience, I quite like it. The scallops and paella are particularly tasty, as is a potato dish of which I can't quite remember the name.

Ladies, watch out for the randy old Spanish waiters, they could really do with a cold shower.
If you love tapas than Cafe Andaluz offers the best tapas around and it's always a struggle for me to pick what I want off the menu as everything always looks so good. My favourites are;

Patatas Gratinadas - which is to die for, layered potatoes with a creamy sauce over it, has to be my favourite.
Paella Valenciana - a mixed paella with fish and meats, amazing.
Pollo Marinado - Chicken with a lemon and coriander dressing with yoghurt
and last but not least; squid rings. Yum! 


I had a rather embarrassing experience here once, we went with a big group and a friend brought along his new girlfriend who was a complete pain in the backside, always trying to outdo everyone else. She decided she would be "smart" and spoke to the waiter in Spanish and ordered everything in Spanish too, to which he just replied; "right, so you want the prawns, the potatoes and the asparagus?". Hilarious!

It's worthwhile joining their mailing list as they often send special offers, I recently got an e-mail with a 20% off voucher for my next meal here!
The first time I had a meal at Cafe Andaluz, after it had just recently opened, I have to admit to being quite disappointed. I lived in Spain for a good wee while, so I do know a bit about how tapas are meant to taste, but it's not even that, even if you haven't set foot in Spain in your life before, it's pretty obvious what constitutes something tasty. The tapas were definitely a bit below par on this occasion, but I put that down to early teething problems, because when I decided to revisit Cafe Andaluz again recently to take advantage of a good lunch deal they had going, everything was so much better, and could definitely be described as tasty.

This is certainly a good option if you're looking to book somewhere for a group in the centre of town, and it's also great banter ordering lots of different dishes and trying out and sharing a variety of different tapas.
Had a really nice meal with huge selection. Food was top notch and price was very reasonable. Would recommend.
I went here for dinner on a Sunday and even though they were running a special, two of us split two tapas and paella.  The special runs every Sunday, apparently.  Three tapas and dessert for about 15 quid.  Looking back, I think I'd rather have chosen that option.  The patatas gratinadas and albondigas we ordered were very tasty but the paella was just a bit too oily for me.  

Other than that, it was a fairly standard dining experience.  Nothing amazing to report.  The lighting is dark and the music is soft, so feel free to take along a hot date.  Just don't count on them being wowed out of their knickers.
My Boyfriend and I came across this place by accident and loved it.

As we were visiting Edinburgh for just one night we weren't sure of where to go but came across this place as we wandered around. Its fantastic.

The place has an excellent vibe and atmosphere. I loved the decor. As always with tapas i struggled to decided what to have so decided to go with the set menu. The food was fantastic and there was plenty. 

The waiters were very friendly and helpful and all in all I give this place top marks. Defo worth a visit!
This was my first visit to a Spanish restaurant outside Spain so I was really looking forward to eating at Café Andaluz. When I walked in I immediately liked the restaurant interior and the atmosphere. The waiter was attentive and all the dishes came out to our table quickly. The wine was good but my partner and I didn't really like most of the tapas we were sharing. There was nothing wrong with the food at all, it would be just down to our personal tastes (we're not big seafood fans). I'm glad I tried the dishes but all the portions were really really tiny and we both went home as hungry as when we went in. We felt it was too expensive for the amount of food we got.
Went here mostly against my will as office mates overpowered my suggestions for a night out in 4 or 5 Yelper star recommended restaurants. I was, however, immediately impressed with the decor and atmosphere as we were guided up the spiral staircase adorned with Spanish tiles, rod iron railing, and basked in light from copper lanterns. We were plied with olives and bread and dipping sauce while we mulled over the treats for the night. Being from America, my colleagues asked me if I had tried black pudding yet. A sudden and total recall of those nasty cakes sitting atop a ceramic heating dish on my daily breakfast buffet sprang to my mind as I replied, "not just yet". They pointed out the menu had chorizo and black pudding.I reluctantly agreed.  So delicious! I totally neglected all Other tapas until this was a delicious memory. I also enjoyed lamb chops, though a little bit fatty and gamey. Wine was superb--Siglo Rioja. Perfect compliment. Overall, I enjoyed the whole experience of cafe andaluz and would definitely return given the chance.
No...no....no!!!

The atmosphere is a very forced slightly more upmarket Spannish in a bottle you see in la Tasca and the food is much the same equation.

Looking at the service they are actually very good, prompt and non-intrusive they did a fine job all evening.

The food for me though was a real let down, I tried the following:

Classic Calamari: now I am a man that loves his squid but as soon as I saw the very pale looking batter you could see it was soggy and I was unhappy, the squid itsself was cooked fine but clearly their oil temperatures are too low creating the soggy mess I had on my plater. Judgement: 1 star

Chorizo & Black Pudding: cheap chorizo maketh the good meal not. An almost illumonous colour this stuff had no real defined flavours and was very chewy - the black pudding was of a decent quality but was over cooked and suffered from the over powering chorizo infused tomoato sauce. Judgement 1 star.

Paela Valenciana: 1 prawn - overcooked, 3 pieces of chiecken - overcooked, 2 pieces of pork - overcooked. Now the flavours of this were good but as they clearly microwave the portions for serving the meat goes as tough as old boots. Judgement 1 star.

Chicken gougons with honey and mustard: nice bit pieces of chicken ina   light crispy batter was very nice. Def the high point of the evening. Judgement: 4 stars.


Scallops with crispy serrono : lovely crispy serrono - but with scallops do them fresh or not at all. These were frozen efforts that had been undercooked to make then seem soft. Horrid!! Judgement 1 star!!

The other saving grace of the evening was the drinks, 1 pitcher of sangria helped to wash my mouth out and the braqndy coffee was as good as ive had.

All in all not a good experience, I have heard this is a poor recreation of their Glasgow restaurant. My tip to them would be either improve or LEAVE!!!

Jd = not happy man!
Only had a coffee and chunk of carrot cake but for the price and the surrounds I feel obliged to reward this place with a reasonable review. Carrot cake was moist, big enough for two and came with a small pot of cream.  It didn't need it but as it was there, on it went.  Coffee was decent and service came with a genuine smile. Perhaps this all sounds run of the mill stuff, but sitting beside the coffee was a melt in the mouth slab of 'fablet' a mixture of tablet and fudge. Little touch meant a lot. 

I'm not sure it would float my boat for an evening meal, maybe a bit manufactured, but for elevenses came up tops.
My second meal here (a work Christmas night out) was better than the first (a Hogmanay special  they threw us out at 10.30pm), but only just.
The food was variable; dreadful beef, ok duck, nasty salsa with the sea bream and some divine Spanish equivalent of a Gratin Dauphinoise. Puddings were equally up and down; up for the chocolate delice, very down, down, down for the butterscotch fat and sugarfest, sorry, cheesecake.
Two of the above three stars are for the staff: Rushed off their feet in a packed, noisy restaurant they kept their good humour and gave us good service.
If it weren't for the food this would have been a 5 star night out. Not what you really want from a restaurant.
I can't tell you if this place is remotely authentic - I've only been to Spain on a couple of business trips and I was vegan at the time ... didn't get to sample much of the tapas menu, as you can imagine. Nice olives? I think I just drank a lot of beer.
Anyway, I'm now making up for lost time, so when I got invited for lunch I jumped at the chance. And had a delicious feast - at three plates for a tenner it's a good deal. Chorizo, black pudding, mussels, prawns, potatoes in creamy garlicky sauce, and some sweet potato and tahini bake for 'vegetables'. Yeah, I know, I'll have salad later - it was all too good to resist.
The staff are lovely, the venue is gorgeous - lots of coloured tiles and twirly iron,  and it was just a really good meal.
I love tapas, i am terrible at making decisions so it helps being able to order a few different dishes instead of just one. I recently visited my sister in Seville, Spain, and enjoyed lots of authentic and delicious tapas. So Cafe Andaluz had a lot to live up to.

Kelly F and i visited last night and neither of us had been before. It is huge inside and not waht i expected, in a good way. The staff were nice, although we did struggle slightly when ordering drinks due to the language barrier, probably more to do with my funny accent.

We went for the set menu and of 3 tapas and a dessert for about £12, however, we were both starving and ordered four tapas each. The waiter asked if we wanted to substitute our desserts for the extra tapas which was great as neither of us were fussed about dessert.

We ordered patatas bavas, baby squid, meat balls, black tiger prawns, marinated chicken, black pudding with chutney, and pork cheek. The dish i as most excited about was the baby squid, but unfortunately i was very disappointed. The bits of squid were tiny, overcooked and covered in far too much batter. The pork cheek was tender and lovely, but the sauce it was in was awful, tasted really peculiar and burnt. However, those are my only 2 complaints. Everything else was delicious, the tiger prawns were really big and juicy and the black pudding was sooooo tasty!

I had a lovely time there and will definitely be back, i just won't order the pork cheek or baby squid. I will try the calamari next time and hopefully that will be better.
I love Tapas so when the suggestion of visiting Café Andaluz was suggested last week I didn't need any convincing. Everyone I know has a good thing to say about the place not to mention their own favourite dishes they can't help but recommend so I was excited to go along and try some dishes for myself. 

My dining partner, Miss Jennie S, and I both had the pre theatre menu which includes 3 tapas dishes and a dessert for £12.95. As neither of us wanted dessert our waiter very kindly let us order an extra tapas dish instead...one more dish to try. 

I had the chorizo and red wine, patatas bravas, pork meatballs and the lemon and paprika chicken. Tapas being community food I also got to taste some of the food Jennie S ordered. (She had baby squid, battered king prawns, black pudding and chutney and pork cheeks.) 

The food was divine! It was genuinely the best tapas I've had, everything was full of flavour and tasted really fresh. The pre theatre menu is amazingly good value when you consider both the quality and the sheer amount of food you get to eat. By the end of the meal there was loads of food left and I was completely stuffed but I didn't want to leave any...it felt like such a crime to leave any of this yummy food. Eventually I had to admit defeat and stop before they had to roll me out of the joint (or worse offer me a wafer thin mint).

I would absolutely go back to Café Andaluz any time. I need to plan another trip soon, I want to try the paella this time!
You may or may not have gathered that I love food, and ordering food is a massive ordeal to me. WHAT TO PICK? I am famous for the words "Can I try a wee bit?" when other people's food hits the table. I like to try loads of different things, and I always panic that I order something and then lust after someone else's food! If you suffer this dilemma, then tapas is for you!

Tapas is simply a small serving of a dish, which means you can order two or three dishes (each!) at a time NOT look like a fatty!

Café Andaluz is one of my favourite tapas restaurants. After a few visits I realised that the owners of the restaurant are in fact the same as my good old friend Di Maggios! I have been in the Glasgow and Edinburgh restaurants, and both are lovely. I've taken the photos below from their website to show the traditional Spanish decor.

The restaurants are rustic mediterranean and packed with character! There are patterns, cushions, lanterns and artwork everywhere. The restaurants are dimly lit to give a cosy atmosphere. But as great as all that is, the food is why you're here. And the food doesn't disappoint!

There were two of us and we decided to get six tapas dishes between us, which was plenty. We were starving and cleared the lot in about 15 minutes - we felt that was worthy of an award!

Their menu has an amazing range - I try a couple of new dishes each time I go and I am yet to be disappointed! It can be as big or small a meal as you'd like, but regardless of the portion size I con confidently say you'll love it and continue to love it as you return! The food is scrumptious.

The staff were all really friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed my meal here! Please see my full review here: www.houseofherby.com
Spanish tapas, from a chain that doesn't feel too much like a chain. The restaurant is huge inside, the staff are friendly and (reassuringly?) Spanish, and the food menu is extensive.

It's nice that they label things that are GF, and they have extensive vegetarian options too. So not too much chorizo. Although there is chorizo, and black pudding. Mm.

I came by for lunch. I've previously eaten a lot in the Glasgow West End Café Andaluz, set in a basement, it feels like a proper Spanish taverna. I also remember the food being quite nice particularly the honest and mustard battered chicken.

The food I had for lunch was fine, but very lacking in any real passion. It feels like production line food. The salad with goats cheese and beetroot was quite small with not much cheese; contrasted to the goats cheese and marmalade which is a whole piece of goats cheese. The mackerel was also tiny and just a bit, meh. Mackerel on top of some wiry lettuce. The mussells were reportedly good, the black pudding and chorizo was also ok, but the black pudding had disintegrated turning it into a black pudding stodgy soup with chunks of chorizo.

I think the food is nice in that the ingredients are good. Chorizo, good. Goats cheese, good. But the method of cooking and presenting the food is a bit lack lustre, both in passion and taste.

I would come back here for a friend's birthday dinner (I can imagine it'd be good for this) and wouldn't complain. I'd be satisfied and probably eating some tasty chorizo and goats cheese. But it's not that cheap (George Street location) and the food is rather forgettable. Fine, but just that.
Definitely a must have, great variety and good service even during the thick of the festival. Lovely chorizo dishes and the caramel cheesecake is Mindblowingly awesome !
Spent two weeks abroad in Scotland this summer and this place, as an American who loves Spanish tapas, a godsend. Authentic food and lovely atmosphere, great service to boot. One of the better restaurants I tried in Edinburgh and genuinely just a great stop!
We decided to eat here after reading good reviews of the place. Tapas is such a great option and always first choice wherever we go. This place didn't just meet expectations but surpassed on all levels! Mojito cocktails great, service was fantastic. A dropped spoon on the floor was replaced by the time I picked it up! 
Food came super fast and was very fresh, Prawns were so nice we got an extra portion! And I recommend the black pudding.
I really wanted to like this place but I was a bit underwhelmed which is a real shame as I love Spanish food. It does seem to be something that is surprisingly easy to not do very well. Our tapas selection was mainly meat, fish and cheese but didnt have as much flavour nor quality of ingredients as the price justified in my opinion. The Chipirones were very over cooked and cold when they arrived, the pork was really dry and the spicy bravas sauce was not spicy nor was the garlic mayo particularly garlicky. The jamon was also some cheap parma style stuff and the lomo disappointing but no flavour but the chorizo slice was nice. Good decor though and nice staff so on the whole not a repeat visit in the pipeline for this one.
I've been here a few times with friends and a family. What I like about this place is that you can order more food than you would eat at a normal restaurant and it be acceptable. Sure ... order 3-4 tapas ... they're small portions right? 

So, if your ever feeling like you deserve a good filling meal, then head here! You get the full sensation without the guilt trip! 

Aside from the ridiculously important points above. The food is pretty amazing, the service excellent and all for a good price. I will return!
Cafe Andaluz is a perfectly respectable place to stop for a bite when you're on George St and want to fill your belly and have a long chat over some sangria.

It's not exactly going to win any culinary awards, and the scale of the place can make you feel a bit like you're being churned through a system, but the food is perfectly acceptable and the staff don't seem to mind when you stretch a few tapas over a loooooooong lunch.
4 stars maybe a little bit too high but hey ho, I think they have the best tapas in town. Mariscos y Pescados is my favourite menu section. Great taste, very light flavour. Service is not bad and staff is friendly. The only thing is....I broke soap holder in the bathroom (yes, it was me) and when I came back to the restaurant 5 days later it was still broken and exactly as I left it. Maintenance team maybe need to check señoritas rest room more often ;-)
Have been several time with different types of people - business colleagues, friends, family etc - and every time have really enjoyed myself. 

It's a big restaurant, always seems busy but always able to cope with the hustle and bustle. 

Last night came with family. We had about two dishes per person which was just about right for a meal but we weren't stuffed (which is good!)

My particular favourites were pigs cheeks and gambas pil pil - highly recommend. 

Defo worth going to - would probably book to make sure you get a table and I think would work with a group as you can order lots and lots of dishes to share. :)
I love tapas. No, I love LOVE tapas, but I wasn't exactly swept off my feet by Café Andaluz.

I had the goats cheese with marmalade (ok), the calamari (ok) and the spicy lamb meatballs (quite nice). I didn't feel like the food was really made with passion which is imperative for a good, authentic tapas experience. Possibly because it is a chain and it was rather busy. It was a fairly dear lunch deal at three tapas for £11.95 per person, but I suppose that's reasonable for a George Street location.

The interior is quite charming. I loved the Spanish fares and the round tiled tables (which are plentiful - it's quite large inside). The location is handy and because it is tapas, it might be alright to come back with a large group for a birthday or a farewell type do.
Up until a few months ago, my knowledge of tapas was all theoretical. As part of one of the classes I was supporting in this year we were learning all about Spanish culture and food, was a big part of the culture.

As a treat to the class, we went on a field trip to Cafe Andaluz and we all tried two dishes each from the tapas menu.

Upon walking in you enter into a little corridor, almost like walking into your parents house, and we were very quickly greeted by a member of star and shown to our reserved table, there were jugs of juices and water on the table within moments of us being seated and then we were given time to assess the menu. And what a menu, obviously it is all traditional Spanish cuisine, and most of the young people went for the safe options such as the albondigas and the tortilla, I was desperate to try good calamares and was not disappointed by them, but the star of the show was my plate of Scallops.

I've never eaten scallops before and so was not sure what was about to happen, but from the first bite, I knew I was on to a good thing, up until this point we had all shared a little of each thing, but the more expensive things were only eaten by the person who had put up the money for them, to keep it fair, and I have never been happier, because I couldn't have shared my scallops, even if I'd wanted to. Frankly three was not enough.

The only downside to the day was the fact that although we were in a Spanish restaurant, we could not order in Spanish, even though the young people tried really hard to do so. The waiter serving us was French, the other waiter was Italian I believe, and then another waitress was another nationality. It made for a fun conversation with each of them, when our young people tried there hardest to talk to them in Spanish, to be told I don't speak Spanish but I can speak English if that helps? 

Such a good day, and my only qualm is that I haven't been back yet, although this time, I might just have to have a glass of wine with my meal.
With the recent closing of RE Tapas, this restaurant is the closest tapas bar in the area.  So the husband and I thought we'd give it a whirl.

No sangria with my tapas?  They did tell us beforehand that they weren't getting their liquor license until next week so we can forgive them.

We ordered: 
- Barcelona's Fries.  It was delicious with a good sauce.  Worth your money for $4.50.
- Stuffed Mushrooms.  Pretty good and wanted more.  Shitake mushrooms stuffed with chicken & chorizo and parmesan cheese.
- Surf and Turf.  Thought it wasn't worth the money for $10.
- Empanadas.  Choice of chicken or pork.  We got the pork and it was delicious with a chipotle aioli sauce.  My only beef was don't put empanada(s) as plural and just cut one in half.
- Sliders.  These were overcooked and charred.  I would've complained but I'm not one to ever send a dish back.

All in all, an okay dining experience.  I left feeling underwhelmed and wishing I had to gone to Firefly instead.  Maybe next time they'll win me over with some excellent sangria.
Been waiting to go to Barcelona's since it opened a couple months ago.  We have been to numerous tapas restaurants and our expectations were high.  This did not disappoint! 

Sangria's were fantastic!
Food was melt in your mouth good!
Service was over the top!
And atmosphere was quiet, and warm.

Our waiter really took care of us and brought us things we would have never tried on our own.  Overall an A+ experience!  So lucky to have such a quality high end tapas place near by.
Ive been coming to Barcelona Tapas & Bar since it opened(before they got their liquor licence). I'm glad i stumbled upon this little gem. I always get either the beef carpaccio or the tuna to start then i move my way up to the fillet Mignon MMMmmMMM and of course the capers MMMmMM their sangria is BOMB! They have all types of specials depending on the day of the week. I am def a regular here!
Wow this place is excellent!!!!The food is OUTSTANDING!!!!That petit filet.....i'll just say order two and for $16 bucs you've eaten Ruths Chris filet mignon!!!!
Keep in mind it is an "Tapas" restaurant,so food is served in small portions (apetizers).Order as if your at a sushi bar and try different items!
Prices are great and they even have half off happy hour on fridays 4-6pm on tapas!!!4 bucs for each item....SWEEEET
It was a lond day for me and i was so starving. So me and my friend wanted to go to Off The Strip, but when we walked by Barcelona, we decided to give it a try, and here we go. I was so so disapointed, why: 
1: Sangria was so terrible, they use cheap red wine and i swear, i didnt taste anything at all, water is much better.
2. Fries was so salty, really it was.
3. Attitude of the server: i dont know was he a server or a manager, because he wore a different uniform from other servers. Still remember his name, Marco. Damn! When we were ordering, he just cut the conversation and went to get menus for other 2 coming guest without any apology . Then, He asked us to clean up the dirty dishes while we were still eating. Suddenly, he cleaned up all and just left the only dish which we were using. At least , he should leave some ultensil ! goshhh.....
The way he communicated with guest was horrible too. I swear i would never ever come back even once more time.
However, the lamb chop was OK but it was to thin, i think my lamb chops would fly away if i blow it up,
Ribs was good. I like their pinapple sauce.
Compare to Fire Fly, this place is way expensive and of course. my 2 thumbs are down for this place.
I was looking forward to trying this place since I read about it in the 89148 Magazine back in February.  I love tapas and the menu looked so promising...carpaccio with truffle oil, grilled octopus with a red wine reduction, and chorizo clams in a white wine broth.  My mouth waters just thinking about these dishes and many more on Barcelona's menu, but I'm sad to report that this was one of the most disappointing restaurants I've ever been to!

It just so happens that I recently acquired a coupon to this restaurant and went to it last Friday.  I just want to make it clear that I would have happily tried this place at full price, and the dish I was looking most forward to trying was the carpaccio (you just can't go wrong with raw beef and truffle oil...I'd hope).  My boyfriend and I were seated and greeted promptly.  When the server came over to take our drink order, he looked down at my coupon, took it and went straight to the kitchen.  Being a server for a long time, I could tell he was not happy that we brought this coupon, but I tried to remedy the situation by being extremely nice.  We ordered the carpaccio, pan fried dates, steamed clams, diabla shrimp, grilled octopus, sautéed tilapia, albondigas, and merguez.  After a short while the tapas started coming out, and after delivering the first wave, our server said, "I'm sorry, but the carpaccio is very popular and we are running out of it tonight."  I smiled and said disappointed, "oh really?" and he responded, "yes."  Both my boyfriend and I picked up on his wording, but we did not confront him about it.  It is my strong belief that they had enough carpaccio for AT LEAST another order, but they didn't want to waste it on a table with a coupon!  As the night progressed our server grew increasingly more impatient and annoyed with our presence.  When we got our check he had manually written in an 18% tip...on a table for 2, and I always automatically tip 20% (even when the service is bad)!  With a coupon or something comped, I usually tip much more because that's what fellow service industry workers do...(can you tell how livid I am?)  Unfortunately, I wish I could say that only the service was sub par, but the food ranged from ok to not even edible.

Pan Fried Dates- This was the best dish we had from Barcelona.  The bacon was cooked well, all of the textures were spot on, and they had a nice savory sweet taste.  However, the red wine reduction was way too thin, the blue cheese crumbles were on the stingy side, and Firefly's are much better.

Steamed Clams- The clams were cooked well, but the chorizo was very dry.  The broth also needed more seasoning (this is a common theme).

Diabla Shrimp- I liked this, but again, it was not as good as Firefly's.  A nice spicy sweet sauce with shrimp, but the sauce was a little too thin.

Grilled Octopus- This just lacked seasoning.  The octopus was a pretty good texture, not too chewy, but the flavor was bland.  For good grilled octopus, try Olives in the Bellagio.

Sauteed Tilapia- Completely inedible!  I'm not sure if the kitchen just didn't care or if they genuinely made a mistake, but the outside of the fish was mushy and the inside was raw.  I've never seen fish this texture before, and I honestly can't think of how it happened.

Albondigas- Meatballs in marinara with melted mozzarella on top.  These were so dry we drenched each bite in the marinara.

Merguez- A spicy lamb sausage served over roasted red pepper couscous.  The sausage was dry and not very spicy.  The couscous was a little wet, but it had a good flavor.

The one good thing about our experience was that the man refilling our drinks was extremely friendly!  He never let a drink go empty and explained they have live music some nights.  I really wish the food had been better so I could give this place a second chance.
This place is over rated! $$ my boto! It should really be a $$$ to relate to the portions you get. 

I've been to tapas around the country and this one is not cheap and food is ok. However, it's one of only a few in Vegas so they have the market cornered.

I rather go to Hawaiian BBQ which is a true $-$$. Probably only worth it during happy hour on Fridays.
I love this place! The food is unique and very tasty. I really loved their beef carpaccio with a hint of truffle oil. YUM! Everything I tasted was wonderful, the only thing that I didn't absolutely love was the empanadas - still good, but not my fav. 

I gave this place an extra star for Jose, the waiter. He was hilarious and very sweet. 

Locals: keep an eye out for coupons, 20% off your entire meal makes this place even better.
Returning from Spain only five months ago, we were craving tapas.  There aren't that many options for tapas in Las Vegas beyond the two Firefly locations.

Barcelona Tapas and Bar gives us one other place to consider when you're craving small bites.

Located in a busy strip mall where locals frequent, this restaurant had a few customers by the bar and dining when we walked in on a weekday night.

I had a few things in mind immediately based on previous yelpers, so we got to ordering.  We munched on complimentary bread and spreads while we waited for our orders to arrive.

* Beef Carpaccio "Thin sliced of tender tails drizzle with balsamic vinaigrette, truffle oil, tapenade, and fried onions" ($8) - I love beef carpaccio...when it's done right.  Yelpers raved about their version and sadly, we couldn't quite see why.  It's more like cured beef than raw beef, which is what we were expecting.  Not quite like beef jerky, but not delicate like what we're familiar with.  It was also covered with large shavings of cheese, which was not mentioned.   Not sure if this was to cover up the beef or enhance the taste.

* Pastelillos de pollo (Chicken Cakes) "Chopped chicken, green and red onions, red pepper, chopped cilantro, black bean and corn salsa molded together and grilled served with gribiche." ($5.50) - Something a bit unusual that you don't see on every menu.  It's a bit misleading in its description since we were expecting all the ingredients to be 'molded together' to create a corn cake.  In actuality, the black bean and corn salsa are on the side of the corn cake.  Nonetheless, it was quite tasty with the accompanying egg sauce.  And it is only one corn cake.

* Merguez Lamb Sausage "Served with couscous, and roasted pepper tomato sauce and a Merlot wine reduction sauce." ($7.50) - There was a distinctive lamb taste to it, and what I'm sure was some liver blended into the mixture.  The Husband isn't a fan of most livers so he was very aware of the funny taste to it.  Comes two in an order.

* Pan Fried Dates "Pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles." ($5.50) - Anything wrapped in bacon usually can't go wrong, and dates mix perfectly with bacon in this case too.  Comes five in an order.

* Boquerones (White Anchovies) "Toasted French bread with a spicy aioli topped with sweet white anchovies and balsamic reduction sauce." ($5.50) - Anchovies were something we enjoyed everyday when we were in Spain, but we didn't know what took so long for this one order to come out.  The bread could have been toasted just a bit longer.  

* Lomo a la parrilla (Petite Filet) "Mashed potato, mushroom and Merlot sauce." ($8.50) - Our final order, which we put in at the last minute.  It took a bit too long, and the waiter did come by to say it was coming out soon.  (It still took longer after that.  I can only assume that our order got stuck behind the larger parties that had come in after us.)  Another one of those dishes I ordered based on raving reviews, and sadly, it did disappoint.  We ordered it rare and although the center was pink, the outside was grilled a bit too long and thus hard.  

We were impressed by how busy it got for a weekday night - and Barcelona Tapas & Bar does cater to families with plenty of large tables, high chairs, and a diaper changing station in the restroom.  Right now they are offering an introductory and temporary offer where kids eat free on Sundays through Tuesdays from 4 pm to 8 pm, for those 10 and under only and with a purchase of an adult entree.

Service was okay - we asked our waitress for another set of silverware and she completely forgot about it.  (Immediately after we asked her, she went to sit a  party that arrived and never came back.)  We also had to ask for our beverages to be refilled.  The man who sat us did ask us how we had heard about them.  We also noticed the chef come by our table four different times to look at what we were eating, but never actually said anything to us.  

Specials include:
Mondays: Half off bottles of wine.
Tuesdays: Half off their homemade Sangria.
Wednesdays: Half off Martinis.
Thursdays: Half off Mojitos.
Fridays: Half off all their tapas from 4 pm to 6 pm
Saturdays: Ladies Night with Half off all House drinks, wines and beer from 10 pm to 12 am.  Live music.
Karaoke everyday (except Fridays and Saturdays) and tapas are half off after 10 pm.

According to their website, they are open for lunch now - but their opening hours are still posted as opening at 4 pm.

There are coupons everywhere for them - restaurant.com, local newspaper, and online.
Me and my hubby have been here a few times and we haven't been disappointed.  The steamed clams are my favorite!  Remember to order extra bread in order to soak up the sauce.  It's to die for!
Was told by friends to try Barcelona Tapas & Bar and I owe them one.  Matt was are server and I just said to him bring us what you do well and the treats just kept coming.  Stuffed dates are amazing.  Go and enjoy.
A great tapas bar with many menu choices. I actually went down to Southern Highlands for Uncle Al's hot dogs, but to my dismay, the place was closed. Not sure if Closed down or closed, but I didn't see any food in the place (ketchup, mustard, etc).

So, I ended up at Barcelona. Let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised with the food, service and "drank." Let's break this down into categories. 

Food:
Pan Fried Dates - Excellent and highly recommended. For those that have been to Firefly's, they are essentially the same. Bacon wrapped dates, with Blue Cheese. 

Sliders - Sliders come as 2 mini burgers and are just fine. Of course, I always say you can't ruin a burger that much when they are so simple. 

Abodingos (sp?) AKA Meatballs - Tasty little guys come in a marinara like sauce with lots of cheese. 

Empanadas - There are two types to choose from. I had the chicken, but the alternative is Pork. Chicken was chosen because my friend doesn't eat pork. However, the chicken empanadas were excellent.

Fruit Parfait - The parfait was sweet and tasty. Raspberry, Strawberry and blueberries, with whip cream and a sweet yogurt like mixture. 

Sangria - Thursday night is 1/2 off Sangria night. This means it's $3 per glass. Not too shabby and a good sized glass too. 

Atmosphere:
I have mixed feelings on the atmosphere. Walls were great, but the tables were a bit small for me and I am only 6'2". My knees hit the top of the tables. However, there were booths that looked like they had more room. It was a Lakers game night so it was rowdy because we were the only Lakers fans in the place. Every else was for Boston. :-( 

Service:
Food was fast, and service was excellent. It was more personal then most places. Waiter recommended, talked about the game, chit chatted and more. 



 Pan frie dates. Sliders. Meatballs. Parfait for dessert. Empanadas. Full bar, somewhat interesting atmosphere.
Tried to find this place for half an hour!  Even after entering the address into the GPS, we were still lost.  After taking several different routes, we eventually arrived and sat down to enjoy the following items:

Sangria, ravioli, meatballs, shrimp skewers, beef skewers and garlic shrimp. Everything was decent.  The owner and waitress returned repeatedly to see if we had enough food.  They were about to close but didn't rush us and made sure we had a pleasurable dining experience.
Attended the World Cup finals at Barcelona Tapas & Bar on Sunday and had a BLAST!  They offered their full menu, which is extensive.  We had both the red and white sangria and both were the best I've tasted yet.  Not too sweet and  very refreshing.

We were a table of 10 and just kept ordering & sharing.  The lamb sausage was soooo good and surprisingly spicy; potatas bravas (sp?) were very nice with a oregano and a hint of mint; pan-fried dates were such a party in my mouth - they were wrapped in bacon & topped with a bit of blue cheese; both the chicken and pork empanadas we cooked beautifully but I have to admit I preferred the pork; sauteed mushrooms were very flavorful and again cooked perfectly; the shrimp skewers had a tasty but not too spicy seasoning; and I wanted to keep slurping the steamed mussels broth!  We finished everything off with bananas foster and I was again very pleased with the balance of flavors.

I was very impressed with the quality of the food, especially considering they were literally packed wall-to-wall with futbal fans (go Spain!).  Service was very good - I don't how they kept up! The layers of flavors were balanced nicely and the seasonings perfectly complemented each dish without overpowering it.  I was also impressed that they didn't over salt their dishes so the true flavors came out.

Bravo Barcelona!  We'll see you again I'm sure :-)
There's something about Tapas... I can't get over it. 

I decided to give my fave Firefly a break and give Barcelona a try. I came in with low expectations thinking that nothing could ever come close to Firefly's amazing-ness... haha but I was wrong! This place did not disappoint at all. There was no wait, the waiters were extremely friendly, and the food was delicious. 

When we went, it was pretty quiet, laid back...not really any music playing or any large crowds getting their drank on haha.. Seems like a good Tapas bar for a spot to have an intimate date or small get together to catch up with your friends... 

There was some signs for half off ALL TAPAS on Sundays and Mondays from 8-10pm (such a BOMBBB deal)... and different types of drink/food deals every night. I don't really remember what they were exactly, but if you're a local DEFINITELY check it out! 

I'm sure this place can get crazyyy so I'm lookin forward to coming back during their speciallssssssssss. 

Recommendations: 
Shrimp a la Diabla- if you're into spicy, tangy sauce 
Bruschetta- different from the usual Italian basil flavored bruschetta... lots of olives, feta, tomato 
Surf and Turf- Skewer combo with steak, shrimp in a green sauce, and chorizo... comes with yummy mashed potatoes 

Go to their website for a coupon for 10% off! 
http://www.citycoups.com/barcelonatapasbarcoupon.html
We LOVE tapas, and we heard about this place.  Since My wife and I had a restaurant.com gift cert we decided to try it out. The food was great but the service lacked a bit. Here's the breakdown of our meal.

Fried goat cheese--soooo yummy, the balsamic reduction was a great touch

Sliders w/ chipotle aioli and fries -- very flavorful, tender ground beef, well seasoned. The fries are amazing!!

Eggplant canneloni -- my wife chose this because she loves eggplant. She says it was top notch--I liked it, but eggplant is simply not my cup of tea.

Surf and turf -- 3 skewers of shrimp, steak and chorizo. We both really enjoyed this.

House salad -- light and refreshing.

And the best part of the experience??? The deep fried chocolate tres leches a la mode -- simply amazing.

The food was five stars, but the service was a bit slow, and the initial greeting took awhile. Aside from that, we highly recommend Barcelona.
After looking at homes yesterday within the vicinity, we were starving. We initially wanted to go to "off the strip" but it was a 20 mins wait. The chef/owner was super nice there but we just couldn't wait...STARVING.  So we walked to Barcelona. First thing first, the brioches w 2types  of spread, spicy refried beans and the most insane butter spread. So flavorful!  Maybe because we were so hungry?  Nope, I tried it again after I was semi-full, and still at awe by it. Yum yum yum. Here are the things we ordered: 
-red sangria (yum and fruity, I was so peenk!!! Asian genes *_*)
-clams (fresh and have lots of flavor, w chunks oh goat cheese)
-Barcelona fries (ok, I like the firefly version better)
-sliders (very tasty, and it came w fries, if only I knew, I wouldn't have ordered the full order of fries. Was too much)

food: 4*
service: 5*

yay to Barcelona!
Quickie review for a quick bite. Stopped in to give it a try as we'll be moving to the neighborhood very soon. Our waiter was very friendly and the restaurant is a neat little spot with nice decor in the Smith's shopping center.

Started with the deep fried goat cheese balls that were really good, definitely recommended! Had the surf & turf skewers which were a bit on the overdone side but still had a pretty good flavor. We also had the stuffed red peppers which were very tasty as well. Just a quick sampling but we'll definitely be back.

The only comparison there would be to make here locally would be Firefly and honestly we prefer it for several reasons. The prices on the dishes are more reasonable at FF and they're a bit overpriced at Barcelona for what you're getting. Also, the flavors are just a little more refined at Firefly and their sauces are right on the money where Barcelona needs a little more practice.

If it sounds like we weren't happy that's far from the case. Barcelona gets 4 stars because we did enjoy what we had and we'll definitely be back. I hope they grow a little bit in terms of making some slight changes to recipes and their menu but overall a good foundation has been layed. Now it just comes down to lowering their steep prices a bit.

Edited to add I forgot to mention the great customer service we had! Our waiter was very friendly and also very helpful when making suggestions as what to order.
We found a coupon for this restaurant in the 89113 booklet and decided to try it since we had a great experience at the FireFly and another tapas restaurant at the Aria.
Although the restaurant had a nice atmosphere with 3-4 flat screens, the music was too loud.
We ordered the tuna tartar which was mixed with too much mayo but the chips were wonderful; the shrimp cerviche, which the shrimp was too tough and the chips weren't that great; the eggplant cannelloni, which was too salty; and 3 skewers with a yummy sausage, a tasteless steak and an overcooked shrimp.  
Waiter was okay; the waterboy or the person that kept our drinks filled was very customer service oriented.
Will we be back?....No
Amazing tapas! We go in frequently for dinner and the staff is always happy to see us, friendly and attentive. The food is wonderful. Very fresh, and homemade. Go, you will not regret it!
I'm not sure why they call themselves barcelona, not very authetic spanish cooking. but the tapas are good. they could have a bigger selection of tapas. service was excelant. check them out on half price night!!! And try the Sangrias, free samples are available...
Three stars/Four Stars.  I think it might vary, but I like to give the upper edge on this one.  Off in Southern Highlands, it's nice to have a tapas bar somewhere near Henderson which got me excited.  The service is pretty responsive, and the decor isn't shabby.  

The few things I tried here were the butternut squash soup which is delicious by the way, baked cheese, barcelona fries, lamb chops, and sliders.  I'm not sure why, but it didn't give me the satisfaction of being full.  The price is decent, but I think for the price, I would go to Firefly's.  I do like the friendly staff, and it's nice to have a place around this area to try out.
Tapas Bar in the suburbs (ie. strip mall) with quite an extensive menu. Great options for vegetarians, omnivores and carnivores alike. Not too vegan friendly due to the excessive cheese factor in the menu. The decor reminded me of country bars/sandwich places in Texas so I didn't really get the Spanish vibe. I thought the prices were a little high ($5.50 to $6) for most tapas vegetarian items...rather small portions. 

The items I sampled:

1. Fried Goat Cheese ($6.50) - 4 panko crusted goat cheese balls deep fried and drizzled with honey balsamic. These balls tasted excellent. But I thought $6.50 for a small bite was a little outrageous

2. Potatoes Bravas ($6) - Tasted pretty bad. I don't know how to describe it except that it was a serious letdown. $6 for a small portion of baked potatoes? I don't think so....

3. Raviolis ($5.50) - Cheese medallion raviolis in a creamy tomato sauce. The sauce was excellent. But the raviolis (4 in an order) were undercooked

4. Vegetable Empanada ($5) - 2 empanadas with a bean, corn, mushroom filling served with more beans and corn and a tomato based sauce. The pastry was flaky, the filling tasty and the entire combination a rousing success!

5. Stuffed Piquillo Peppers ($7.50) - 3 peppers with goat cheese and beans and corns served in a tomato sauce. Tasty but definitely overpriced.

We had  pitchers of Mojitos that I felt were way too sweet. 

We were there as a group of 12 for a birthday. Edgar, the owner was very accommodating and helped us with the table arrangements as well as the cake cutting. The rest of the wait staff...oh gosh. It was a travesty. Water glasses were never filled, our orders were totally ignored for the longest time, drink orders were messed up, we got pork Empanadas to the table twice even though we explicitly told the waitstaff we were vegetarian multiple times and had ordered vegetable Empanadas. Just dismal service. They did make accomodations on the check and acknowledged the awful service but I'd rather have had water to drink with my meal than pay a few dollars less. 

These guys need to reduce prices and buck up on service before I'm tempted to try them again. 2.5 stars rounded up to 3.
went in on a wednesday night around 8pm. got seated right away and had Matt as our server. (he was great. very nice and recommended one of our desserts that we loved.) the free bread, spicy butter, and hummus they give you are very tasty but do not fill up on them. the tapas were delicious. the fried calamari was some of the best i had in vegas, the lamp chops melted in my mouth, and the stuffed peppers were just what i was craving. the desserts we got were the chocolate tres leches a la mode and the empanada. both amazing. Matt told us about the seasonal specials they will be having weekly and i know my boyfriend and i will be returning asap.
I've lived in Vegas for a year now, and just down the street is quite a few restaurants that I've been wanting to try.  Barcelona Tapas & Bar is one of them.
Finally last night my husband and I decided to go and try it before our move to London next month.
I was not impressed!
The only thing good about this place was our server. A very tall and handsome guy with a lot of enthusiasm!  I believe he may of been the owner.
When we walked in the ambiance of the place was just 'Meh' and it took a few moments before anyone even acknowledged that we were even there. 
Our table was at one of the bar 'booths' which was uncomfortable and the table was so short that we couldn't even cross our legs.  We had to sit next to each other, not across from each other, because one side of the booth was a booth like seat and the other side of the table were these short little bar type stools with no backs.  Very uncomfortable!
The food was OK, not wonderful, but just OK. Although I must say that the
 Pan Fried Dates................................$ 5.50 
(Pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles.) were VERY yummy!!  But everything else, I'm sorry to say, was just not very good.
I've had better!
The House Made Sangria was delicious though! I would recommend a pitcher of that any time. Half off pitchers and certain foods are at Happy Hour (Monday-Friday's from 4pm-7pm).
So I'm sorry to say that I'm only giving this place a 2 star rating because I agree that it is just that;  Meh.  I've experienced better!
ive been here twice and have been disappointed both times. its nice that its just down the street in southern highlands but not even worth it at all.
the decor of theplace at least is cute. lots of spanish style memorabilias. but the food was just not up to par. 
 
the albondigas (meatballs) were so dry and the marinara sauce was not even good enough to dip it in.
their signature barcelona fries were old. not crispy and fresh at all.
the stuffed ushrooms were acceptable. the stuffed dates were extremely oily, but then again all their dishes seemed to be oily. 
the place has a good vibe and atmosphere. it just needs better cooks and chefs because the food seriously needs improvement.
I discovered Barcelona Tapas & Bar while going through those 80 percent-off offers at Restaurant.com. Given its way-out-of-the-way location, I'd likely have otherwise not heard of it. After a few months of the $25 certificate sitting in our kitchen drawer, my girlfriend and I finally decided to make the trek out to Southern Highlands to check out this tapas joint. 

I was nervous at first; the Yelp! reviews were not encouraging. Everyone was basically saying the service was terrible, the place was too loud, and the food paled in comparison to Firefly (a favorite), especially for the price. But we gave it a go anyway, and ...

I'm glad we did.

We went on a Friday night, which you'd expect to be a super-busy time, but it wasn't. Aside from one big party seated near the bar, the remaining booths were only half-occupied. We were greeted by the server/host immediately upon entering, and seated right away. He got our drink orders in before we even had to open the menus. Throughout our meal, we had servers constantly checking in on us, refilling water, etc. So, for us, the service was super.

The food? Pretty good in general. The patatas bravas were tasty, though could have been a hair spicier. The tortilla espanola was very satisfying, a thick, fluffy omelet that -- I hate to compare -- puts Firefly's to shame. I assume my girl enjoyed her manchego mac & cheese, because she ate it all. Even the toasted bread served with the meal (accompanied by a garbanzo bean dip and garlic cheese butter) was good. 

The only thing that was not awesome was the tuna tartare. While it was inspired to serve it with tostada chips (that almost tasted like wontons!), the tuna was bland, even with accompanying pineapple cubes.

But that's the great thing about tapas -- you try a bunch of things, and some hit, some miss.

The red sangria we had was also very good. Not too sweet, not too strong, a good mix of wine and fruit. Someone else here thought it was too sweet. Maybe they had the white? We'll have to try next time.

I don't know how soon we'll be back based solely on Barcelona's location (although we made it a date night with a movie at Southpoint, which was only about five minutes from there), but we'd definitely recommend anyone in the area try it. And if you go to their website, you can get $25 in dining for only $10. You can get better deals on sites like Restaurant.com, but Barcelona's in-house coupon has fewer restrictions on use.
This local tapas bar, emphasis on bar, is located near the South Point on Southern Highlands Parkway.  We were started off with a plate of grilled bread, hummus and an addictive, though spicy, garlic cream cheese spread (2.5 Forks).  Our first order was pan fried dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with a wine reduction sauce and blue cheese (3.5) and quesa fundido, baked cheese in a roasted pepper and tomato sauce (2.5).  We then shared an entrée of paella which was mediocre due to the absence of saffron, a good seafood broth and chorizo (2).  We concluded the meal by sharing a delicious flan (4).
I have been to this place three times now.  The first time- it just opened and they did not have their alcohol in stock yet.  But the waiters were very enthusiastic and of course wanted our business so they even offered that we can bring in a bottle of wine and drink it with our foods.  
We were already kinda tipsy so we just opt for the food.  It tasted good then but almost anything is good after "drinking".

The second time I was here I was with someone who did not eat certain foods and I was kinda full to begin with.  So we shared the EMPANADA.  From what I could remembert...it was not memorable.

This time...I wanted to give it one more shot.  I brought my son with me this time hoping he would like it and he would be able to give me honest  "TASTE BUDS OPINIONS"

We got there before dinner rush and there was only one couple in the whole place.  The host/waiter dude was in the back.  Maybe he did not hear us but maybe there should be a bell or something to let him know there are customers.  I had to go towards the back to find him and ask if we should sit ourselves.  

We chose a booth which the bench was lower than the table.  (just an observation)  My son had to get our menus since no one was really helping us. 

So on the quickness for your reading...

Waiter- not very talkative, ok for attentiveness, easy on the eyes but not warm.
Atmosphere- the walls were black and ok "so-called Spanish" decorations.  Lots of TV's and there was a full bar. 
*House Salad- too vinegary, the sliced apples tasted as if they used an apple that was old
*Calamari-bland, needed salt and seemed rushed out of the fryer since the batter was not fully crisp.  But at least the tentacles were there.  
*Son's Sliders- he was sad there was no cheese (LOL).  My son was not too happy and said he'd rather have McDo's.  So I had to take a bite since most kids would rather have McDo's.  The burger was dry and tasted like ground beef with the Lipton Onion Soup Mix.  He actually said he'd rather have home-made burgers.  hahahhaha
and the french fries that came with it...he said it's like those fries you get in a can....bwahahahaha.
*Some sliced Steak thingy with mashed potatoes.  It was not hard and chewy but it was very salty.  
My son even tried to dip his dry-ass burger in the sauce of the steak...but  it did not help. 
***White Sangria-tasted just like cheap white wine with diced apple in it.  (To make good Sangria...it must be made overnight and have the flavors marry each other)-NO I will not share my special recipe which I promise will beat the SANGRIA @ CHA CHA CHA'S in the Haight in San Francisco.  I assure you that. 

Anyways....I think this place is only staying in business because of the full bar and all the promos they run.  

I THINK....they should close the place and I can take over running it as a Filipinasian Karaoke Bar and Restaurant....
Whadda you think?????
SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS  need some new flavor and some excitement.

-Firefly is and will be better....sorry Barcelona.
I've been wanting to try Barcelona for a long time, we finally got a group together and made our way there. Staff was friendly and efficient even with our large group. The restaurant is small and intimate.
We missed happy hour:( But we had a 20% off coupon from a mailer. 
Started with a Blood Orange martini...it was delicious, while looking over the menu we were brought complementary toast with hummus and a sweet butter spread.
We decided to share steak skewers, mac and cheese, and ham and cheese croquets. The steak was yummy, well seasoned and done medium as we had asked a small scoop of mashed potatoes was included, they were a little runny and needed salt but edible with the steak, the mac and cheese was lacking bacon which the menu says is blended in side, we didn't see or taste any bacon. The ham and cheese croquets looked good and weren't greasy but were flavorless, again I added salt. My friend had a few different items than we did and agreed the food needed more seasoning. Everyone raved about the bacon wrapped dates.
We skipped dessert because our friend had brought along cake to celebrate her husbands birthday.
I'm glad I got to go and take this restaurant off my list of places to try, I doubt I'll go back, I'd rather go to Firefly for tapas (5 stars).
Great sangria...tapas menu has a lot of variety...make sure to check out the coupon on their website, $25 off my meal
Barcelona Tapas is conveniently located down the street from my house so its great to go to when I am jonesing for some good food but don't feel like making the trek to the Strip and surrounding areas.

The atmosphere is fun, dark, and decorative.
The staff is usually excellent (If you come late and sit at the bar...Edgar the owner will come out and chill with you. He is awesome and so much fun to talk to (Last time I was there we talked about how tasty food is like porn for the mouth).
The food overall is wonderful...I highly recommend the following:
-pan fried dates wrapped in bacon with a red wine reduction and blue cheese crumbles
-beef carpaccio with truffle oil
-the lamb
-empanadas (I prefer the chicken)
-bananas foster crepe
-sangria (red)
-mango mojito

They have wonderful happy hour specials as well (half off sangria on Tuesday...I think). Its a wonderful place to take a date or a small group of people....its also kid friendly.
After reading the other reviews on yelp, I was a little skeptical of trying this place, only because people mention bad service, and that's my biggest pet peeve. But after passing it a few times, Yelp reviewers couldn't stop me, and I decided I had to make up my own mind. 

So, my man and I came here on a Thursday date night, and had a WONDERFUL time!! Got here around 6ish, and were seated right away. The server was friendly and gave us lots of tips on the most popular items. Everything is like 3 bites, so we decided to go big and order a bunch of things.

Beef Carpacio - DELICIOUS! Great flavor!
Boquerones - My man is spanish and loves anchovies. I was VERY hesitant to try this, but it was AMAZING. He didn't like the balsamic drizzle, but I did... not "fishy" at all and one of the best dishes
Tortilla Espanola - It was just alright. Being from Spain, I think my man judges a little harshly, but I've had better than this too. It didn't stop us from eating all of it though :)
Steamed Mussels - So good. The broth was amazing, and so flavorful. We ate all of this in a hurry.
Garlic Shrimp - Just what you would expect. Really good. Lots of garlic in a good way.
Croquetas - There was supposed to be serrano ham in here, but we couldn't really taste it. Nonetheless, it was really good. Crispy outside, and really cheesy/potatoey goodness on the inside.

After ordering all of this, and devouring it cause it was amazing, our server sent out a complimentary chicken cake :) 

Oh, and it was national chocolate cake day, so I decided to get to Chocolate Tres Leches, and it was rich and sweet, and just what I needed to end dinner with. My man got the flan, and it was also really good!! 

When we got ready to leave, the place had really filled up. And I noticed they only had 1 server and 1 helper for the whole place! So since we got there before the rush, our server had time to serve us properly, but now that he had 10+ tables, I can see where the bad reviews came from. I suggest that the management get another server cause the food is great!!

We will definitely be back. To top it off, they have a coupon on their website! You should definitely utilize this, cause our bill was only $50+tip after it was all said and done! Total score!
Barcelona Tapas Bar is in the Smith's business plaza right off of Decatur and Somerset Hills.  They have a very convenient website you can visit for their on-line menu:  www.barcelonatapas-bar.com.  They have booth seating, smaller tables by the bar, and separate bar seating.  We were greeted and seated very fast.  We were seated next to the bar.  The seating over there is a little cramped and the tables are shorter.  If you are tall or would like a little privacy I would recommend sitting in the normal sized booths away from the bar.  Our server was just friendly enough.  We may have caught him towards the end of his shift.  Our server was different after we had made our initial orders.  Our second server was extremely friendly and our drinks were always topped off.  We had gone on a Sunday which currently is 50% of all tapas.  They were packed but, the orders still came out pretty fast. We had ordered:

Chicken Empanadas
Pan Fried Dates
Stuffed Mushrooms
Calamares Fritos
Merguez Lamb Sausage
Croquetas

The dishes were standard tapas size.  I definitely recommend the Croquetas and the Pan Fried Dates!  The only thing I would say I wasn't a really big fan of was the stuffed Mushrooms.  The Croquetas were filled with Serrano ham, Manchengo cheese, and Parmesan cheese.  They were delicious.  And the Pan Fried Dates consist of pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with Merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese.  You only get 5 of them so eat them slowly and enjoy.  I am going to give this place 3 out of 5 stars.  Our initial welcome felt a little off and I felt like the seating by the bar felt a little boot leg.  However, this place has awesome food and service when you get your food is so friendly!
We headed here for dinner the other night because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. For the food and service, it deserves 1 star. But since the space itself is nice and the happy hour deals are good, I'll bump it to 2 stars.

When we arrived, there was exactly one host / bartender / server - and he may have even been doing some cooking too. So needless to say, service was incredibly slow (despite there only being two other tables of people). And to make it worse, he reminded me of a used car salesman - extremely pushy about getting you to order certain dishes. The table next to us was a mom and young daughter. The mom declined dessert, but the server then proceeded to tell the little girl about the bananas foster crepes and that she must want those. It was all very uncomfortable. (And the same thing happened to us with the one special of the day that he described to us.)

The good thing here is the happy hour deals. When we went, all mojitos were 1/2 half and all seafood and meat tapas were 1/2 off. And that is a great deal. Unfortunately, the mojitos and tapas were downright awful.

We had a mango mojito and blood orange mojito. Neither of us could even stand to drink them. They were very obviously made with a powder mix - and you could see and taste the powder. Ick, icky, ick.

We ordered a a variety of tapas - the special of the day (red peppers with capers and feta), mac 'n' cheese with bacon, tortilla a la espanola, fried dates, etc. We were both incredibly hungry, but we didn't finish any of the dishes. Not only were they disappointing, they were just plain bad.

The mac 'n' cheese was dried out, had little to no flavor, and practically no bacon. The tortilla espanola was very dried out and way overcooked. These are two tapas that are standard favs of mine at any tapas place, but complete failures here. 

We literally left the food half-eaten on the table and went to another restaurant in the same shopping center.
I live down the street and have to say I really enjoy this place. I've never had a bad meal here. They have some great dishes and its priced right.
I've been to Barcelona a couple times. Once with my mother when she was in town and a couple times with the sig other. I was skeptical it could be any better than firefly, but its in comparisons in many aspects. Obviously the location is out of the way for most people in the metro (really only about 10-12 mins from the strip area), but it's 2 mins away from my house, so when we're in the mood for some tapas and a few glasses of sangria this is my/our spot.

I learned about pan fried dates a couple years ago at the aforementioned competitor, and in my opinion they are just as good or probably better at Barcelona. They definitely came out faster at Barcelona, probably because they're not normally as busy. All of the other food that we've chosen have been pretty good as well. My girl got the empanadas one time, and she said they were just ok. 
We love the bread and fixins they bring out with the waters.
The service has been above average-really good every time we've been. And from what I read, I need to check out the website for the specials.
Pretty tough to beat the prices and location for me. My experiences here have been above average so I have to give them a solid 4 stars.
We'll definitely be back for some sliders, fries, mac and cheese, and dates!
This place is great! I cant eat big meals, so being able to taste many small tapas was great! Some of our favorites were the raviolis, surf and turf, and queso. We also split the red sangria, wow, yummy! 

The best is they always have happy hour from 4-7 daily. What more could you ask for! We will def go back again, very soon!!
This a great neighborhood restaurant.  The food is always excellent and the drinks are strong as well.  The only thing I would add to the reviews is to consider the sauce that some of the dishes might be in.  You may want to ask for "light sauce" since some dishes (i.e. mushrooms) tend to be soaked in it.  I usually ask and they comply.

As for the service, it is usually pretty good. I don't know if they have had some turnover recently, but I notice some new faces working there.  But the owner/manager is a really nice guy and does a great job making tasy dishes.

I'd like to point out they have some awesome deals - 4-7pm everyday I believe the tapas at 1/2 off.  At 7pm, it flips and drinks become 1/2 off.  The 1/2 off times definitely make this place a much better deal.  I wouldn't miss it if you live in the South/Southwest Vegas area!
I have eaten here twice.  The first time, I went to take advantage of the half off tapas on a Sunday after 8 PM.  I tried the pan fried dates, mac & cheese, butternut squash soup, and the baked cheese.  The mixture of the cream cheese and goat cheese in the baked cheese was a little too overwhelming, so we didn't continue eating it and it was thankfully removed from our bill.  The pan fried dates were pretty much the same as the stuffed dates from Firefly, which is fine by me.  The mac & cheese is better than the one served at Firefly in my opinion and the butternut squash soup was tasty as well.  We ended the meal with the bananas foster dessert and it was A-MAZING.  I'm not even usually a "banana dessert" person, but this was awesome.  The service was great, but we were one of the only groups in the restaurant that night.

The second time I went was on a Saturday night.  It was much more crowded, which was good to see since I wasn't very sure how this place stayed in business based on the volume I saw the first time. Again, I had the pan fried dates and mac & cheese, which were still delicious.  I also tried the sliders and was very satisfied.  For dessert, I had the sweet empanada, which reminded me a lot of a Cuban dessert called pasteles de guayaba.  Overall, both experiences were good ones, but it's also nothing special.  Just glad to have a decent tapas restaurant nearby that's not as trendy and packed as Firefly!
Great tapas restaurant!  We especially love: bacon wrapped dates, eggplant cannelloni, lamb chops, spinach salad, sausage, and mushrooms.  Each time we go, we try to get something new to try and we have yet to be disappointed.  The service is average - orders are taken on time, food is promptly delivered and is correct, and check comes at appropriate time - but the service lacks personality and friendliness.  The owner/manager does come around and he is upbeat and friendly, but his wait staff could improve in that area.  We eat there pretty often and most servers would already know us by name, but not here.  Not a big deal, though.  This is a fun place to go with your entire family, just the girls, just the guys, with a big group, or on a date night.  There is a kids menu and kids high-chairs if needed.  Be sure to stop in when it's 50% off food or 50% off drinks.
It is wonderful that they have the tapas happy hour from 4-7.  I especially enjoy the stuffed peppers with black beans and corn sauce.  I am not too impress with their wine selection but you can't beat the half price wine special after 7pm.  The live band is pretty entertaining on Friday but it would be exceptional if they had more of a Cuban flavor.  Overall its a great neighborhood hangout and Melissa the bartender is extremely friendly and outgoing.  Try their cheese plate it's nice with the wine.
I took my best friend here for some much needed sustenance . It was Friday night and it was packed...the wait was about 30 min. Edgar, the owner, totally hooked us up with a booth after only waiting for 10 min (he's such a good guy). 

My friends and I decided on the usual favorites and some new things that I hadn't explored yet...but I am so glad I did. 

Pan fried dates- pretty much a staple of any Barcelona visit
Beef carpaccio- the fried scallions and balsamic reduction make this one a winner 
Pork empenadas- kinda heavy for me but I don't think I was really in the mood for fried food
BBQ ribs- I was impressed. The sauce was flavorful but not overpowering, the pineapple chunks went well with the sauce and the meat practically fell off the bone. Will definitely order that again.
Spicy shrimp- this was one of my favorite new finds on the menu. The sauce was sweet and hot (think Thai chili sauce), the shrimp was succulent and it went great with bread (huge plus in my book). 

My friends and I enjoyed our meal immensely and will be back soon. Thank you Edgar :)
I'm torn on this one.

We started out with one waiter who took our order and completely disappeared. Eventually another waiter took over and he was a sweetheart. Very attentive and called us "my friends" every chance he got.

I had a white wine sangria which was pretty low on alcohol. I had 2 of them and didn't even have a buzz.

In regards to food, everything was just so-so. The stuffed dates were delcious, as was the complimentary bread with hummus and mystery spread. What IS that stuff? Whatever it was, it was addictive.

Albondigas were okay, but they were served with a marinara sauce which I've never seen in a Spanish restaurant or on this type of dish. The chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms were served the same way. They had a mealy texture, as I believe the meat was finely ground or shredded. Weird.

The fried goat cheese was WAY too rich. It could have used more honey or balsamic to offset the cheese.

Macaroni and cheese was bland and unimpressive.

I'd highly recommend the surf and turf platter with shrimp, chorizo and steak. It was served with some amazing mashed potatoes and covered in a chimichurri that was delicious.

All in all, I'll definitely be back because tapas can be hit or miss and there's a ton more stuff to try.
The greatest Tapas in Las Vegas, go somewhere else and sample ok tapas but Barcelona sets the standard! But that's not all, the service and atmosphere make this place a great experience!! If your looking for a place filled with top ten muzak, bad service and fried bar food this is not the place for you.
Okay, I live walking distance from this place but I would drive to go to it like any other restaurant in town. I really like this place and it is reasonably priced for some really good food.

I have to give props to the Diablo shrimp which is off the hook. Seriously, this is an amazing dish and it really isn't as hot as the name implies. Did I mention it was amazing?

For the most part this is a really good restaurant and they work to get everything dialed in. I've eaten here a number of times and have never had a bad experience. If you're not used to tapas don't be afraid to ask questions and experiment a little.

Happy Eating
Yum! Dinner salad, stuffed dates, baked cheese, spicy shrimp, sliders, Mac & cheese, chicken skewers, steak skewers, mashed potatoes, roasted peppers. Super good and great service!
I am super happy that there is a Tapas restaurant near my neighborhood that I can go to anytime to enjoy some small plates and a pitcher of sangria with either my boyfriend or a small group of friends.  The restaurant is also a bar so I can even get my alcohol fix at the same time if I feel the sangria isn't cutting it.

Here are my favorite plates there:
The FREE bread they serve at the beginning: it's warm and toasted when it comes out, and the orange butter (not sure of the flavor) is super yummy.  I think I can come here and eat just the bread and I'll be content
Pan Fried Dates: this is a salty/sweet delight and is definitely a must try for any Tapas first timers
Mac n Cheese: it has fun shells! And just the right amount of cheese.  This is a good carb to eat with all the small plates!
Mar y Monte (Surf n Turf): my favorite part about this dish is actually the sausage and the mash potatoes.  Also, the meat is cooked medium so its tasteful
Diabla Shrimp: good and spicy too!
Ham and Cheese Croquets: yum!
Sliders: These are super good and not really a small plate!

The so-so:
Empanadas: I've only tried once; thought it was OK
Egg-plant Cannelloni: The egg plant is yum, but the rest of it is too salty
Sangria: it does the job, but the fruit could be marinated in there; so they make it a little different here.  But I'll still order it for sure!

I have  yet to try the dessert and the rest of the huge menu!  I'll be back for sure!
This is one of those reviews that I've had a very hard time writing about because I don't think anything I say will do justice to how much of a good time I had here. 

We showed up for happy hour half off drink and food specials and were seated right away. We must have come at a good time because we really didn't wait long for anything. However, I would say that a great deal of credit should also be given to our server, Marco. He was funny, engaging, and (most importantly) very attentive! 

First, and most importantly: the drinks were deceiving delicious in the sense that they were so tasty that I inhaled three glasses without hesitation only to find that I was pretty ridiculously drunk. The red sangria (arguably the only true sangria) was refreshing and light without being overly sweet or disrespectful to the essence of sangria. We had two pitchers. We also had a pitcher of mojito, which was just as refreshing and tasty (though I favored the sangria). For kicks, I tried a glass of white sangria to Marco's and my husband's chagrin, and while it was delicious, it was nowhere near as awesome as the red (which I refused to admit until now). 

Second most importantly: the food. Delicious. I read a few reviews prior to visiting and was worried about the menu until I realized that the issues were mostly with the marinara sauce dishes and I had no interest in them to begin with. Worries gone! 

Anyway, the food was fantastic. We actually viewed the menu ahead of time and wrote out a list of the items we wanted to eat (for a group of 5). After the first round, we narrowed down to those we wanted seconds of and, voila, we were full and drunk! 

We had:

- Bread Course (complimentary): I think we had a cannelini and honey almond spread. Both were such a great start, but that butter was lardy crack, I swear! I wanted to spread it on everything and make the world a happier place with it. 

- Calamari: Good portion and tasty sauce. I'm partial to the battered calamari over the breaded variety so I was a happy camper. 

- Tortilla Espanola: I know it's just egg and potato, but it's really easy to eff this up. I think it was cooked perfectly (and it got "pretty close" remarks from my husband, the guy who thinks all tapas places not in Spain can't get it right).

- Chicken and Mushroom Soup: Not my call. Soup with sangria? What kind of nut orders that? My sister, that's who. But the soup was good!

- Bacon-Wrapped Dates: Standard fare done well here. We got seconds. 

- Manchego Mac and Cheese: I swoon for cheesy goodness and everyone gobbled theirs up, but I couldn't get seconds because everyone else does not have the same dairy love that I do. 

- Patatas Bravas: Okay, you know how when you eat out and something's supposed to be spicy but, usually, it really isn't? That is not the case. I love heat, but even I caught myself saying, "WOO!" and gulping down sangria. We for sure got seconds!

- Escargot: The sauce, the snails, the veggies... they were soppingly good. The toasted bread was the perfect accompaniment and we all found ourselves wiping the plate clean so as to not waste that delectable sauce. Seconds? Yes!

- Beef Carpaccio: It was dressed so well with the fried onions, balsamic sauce, and cheese. Hell yeah we got seconds! 

- Garlic Shrimp: We got seconds, first, because it only comes in a set of three and we had five people. Secondly, garlic butter sauce, man! 

- Petit Filet: It was like a mini meal of perfectly cooked steak and mashed potatoes. We got seconds. 

- Chocolate Tres Leches: I WANTED to get seconds! 

- Bananas Foster: Thank you, Marco, for this treat! What a satisfying end to such a fulfilling meal! 

All this fun and gorging came out to about $40-$50 a person with tax and tip thanks to the magic that is Happy Hour. 

The only downside is that, for a non-local who comes in from LA, it's a trek to get out here, but sometimes one should venture away from the main haunts. Can't wait to resume the madness!
Our family just had dinner there and it was terrific. 
 
We had a chance to meet the owner and he was so gracious. The food was amazing. We went during happy hour and saved half off our bill. The best tapas we tasted were the manchego and serrano cheese platter, the beef sliders, the pan fried dates wrapped in bacon, and the wonderful, tasty desserts...chocolate tres leche and a banana foster's which was to die for. Overall, this restaurant deserves a 5 stars due to the attentive service, the delious sangria and the wonderful, tasty tapas.
Blecccch.

There's a reason they give the food away here half price half the time and have a million coupons and deals on line.  The food sucks.  Service was unprofessional and harried despite the place being nearly empty.  The room has all the ambience of a bus station.  Crummy live band was playing way too loud.

Stay away.  Stay far away.
What a happy hour! It goes from 4-7 everyday and the tapas are half off with the exception of shrimp dishes and desserts. Even with those limitations, there are plenty to choose from. 

If you are the type of person that can make a meal out of appetizers, then tapas are perfect for you. Sometimes called the Spanish dim sum, these dishes are the perfect size to try a few. I am not the type of person that goes to a happy hour to save money, instead I order twice what I normally would and have it even out in the end.

The fantastic dishes: 
Chilled orzo salad- The orzo was cooked al dente with a nice bite and the grilled veggies were very flavorful. 
Beef carpaccio- This was a generous portion of thinly sliced raw beef. The parm, fried onion strings, balsamic vinaigrette, and tapanade mingled well. Place on on the bread and you have a good contrast in textures.
Stuffed peppers- The creaminess of the three cheese blend with a corn and black bean salad was mellow compared to the other strong tastes.
Bananas foster crepe- The crepe was more crisp than normal, but was perfect with the softness of the caramelized bananas and ice cream.

The good:
Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. These were pretty standard.
Fried goat cheese- The balsamic vinegar and honey that line the dish made it delicious, but very decadent.
Summer bean salad- good but took the dressing from the goat cheese to make it better.
Strawberries tossed in a balsamic vinegar and cream with a sugar crust. Was decent, the balsamic did not play a prominent part in the dish.

The bad:
Tuna tartar- I love raw tuna in any form, but my friend said it all when she said it looked like cat food. It was bland on top of looking less than appetizing. 
Fried tres leches a la mode- Tasted and had the texture of fried chicken. Not the most appealing of the desserts.

The desserts are not part of the tapas deal for happy hour. The only one I would pay full price for is the bananas foster crepe. Our eyes were bigger than stomaches and it almost doubled our bill. Still for everything we got, it was a great deal.
I went there for the first time tonight with my girlfriend.  The happy hour (1/2 off) is a pretty good deal, price-wise. The food is so-so. Nothing was bad but nothing jumped out as fantastic either.  We ordered drinks and the first round of tapas and then our waiter didn't come back for over 30 minutes. We were out of food, adult beverages and water for over 30 mins. I would have ordered more food but we were so irritated we just settled the check and left.  When i flagged him down to get the check there wasn't even an apology or anything. 

I would only go back if I'm starving and in the neighborhood, not worth driving back out there. 

In summary: food; so-so. Service: TERRIBLE
For a suburban spot Barcelona is surprisingly good. It's not quite up to the level of Vegas standard-bearer Firefly but it's close, fairly quiet, and the service is consistently acceptable. Not exceptional, but Firefly has historically had issues with service.

Most of the dishes I've had here have been good to excellent. The tuna tartare, with wonton chips and pineapple, is a neat study in contrasts. The gazpacho was a little more seasoned than I care for, which takes the focus off the freshness of the soup. The patatas bravas, wrapped in bacon, are cooked perfectly to taste on the inside like baked potato. The chicken banderas are bite-sized skewers of garlic, roasted pepper, grilled chicken and avocado, served with a tasty vinagrette. The pork empanada is also highly recommended, the flaky crust is almost reminiscent of deep-fried Chinese noodles. The ham and cheese croquetas are one of the richest foods I've ever eaten.

I think this place is kind of overpriced, but their half-price tapas happy hour and restaurant.com gift certificates can put it into the realm of the affordable.
I'm a huge fan of Tapas,  my wife and I like Firefly a lot so when I got the opportunity to buy a deal on living social for $25 for $50 worth of food, it was a no brainer decision to give it a try.

I hate to be overly critical when I'm getting a discount but here goes anyway :)

The decor was nice, the restaurant has a nice ambiance and overall casual but comfortable feeling.  All of the booths in the restaurant section were full, so my wife and I grabbed a booth like table in the bar as noone was there and it seemed the best choice at the time. It turns out we should have picked a different table as my seat looked right into the kitchen, boxes of soda, the co2 tanks, some dude sitting on a box on his break.  The opening to the kitchen does have some black curtains but they weren't using them and had them tucked back presumably because it was annoying for the workers to walk thru them.  I'm guessing the decorator or owner put those curtains there for a reason, would be nice to see them used.

The menu prices and drinks are all reasonably priced, so no complaints there. They have lots of coupons available including a discount on Yelp, as well as a 3 hour happy hour with most dishes 50% off so if you time it right you get a big bang for you buck.

I ordered the Grilled Octupus and Shrimp Ceviche to get started with while we looked at the rest of the menu for other stuff.   5 minutes later, the Waitress returns with a "I'm sorry we don't have any Grilled Octopus or the Shrimp Ceviche tonight". I'm mildly irritated at this point as:

a.) these are two of my favorite items
b.) I hate it when waitresses don't tell you what they are out of when you sit down.

ok, granted they may be out of Octopus because it is not fresh, etc but they do have plenty of other shrimp dishes on the menu so regarding the shrimp ceviche I think it was more of poor planning or lack of desire to make more.

I asked if there were any more items that they didn't have, and the waitress scampered off to the kitchen again to ask (is it really that hard to know what items you aren't serving tonight???) She mentioned two other items they didn't have one of which was another dish I was interested in, big sigh :(

The food was quite good. My only real complaint was the lack of product knowledge from the waitress. We asked a couple of basic questions like what kind of cheese is on this? etc only to get a blank stare with her picking up the menu to look :)

It's also milldy irritating when they just drop off the food without a brief explanation.  This is XXX, this is YYY.  My wife and I had ordered escargot and they just dumped it off, we thought it was another dish we had ordered because the escargot was prepared in a method we weren't used to (it was good, but would have been nice to know we were eating it :) )

Waitress made two more mistakes regarding the check.  a.) didn't deduct the value of the coupon even though I gave it to her when we sat down, when she adjusted the bill, she gave me the wrong change and I had to point out her mistake to her. Not the end of the world, but I enjoy my evenings out without having to go through small hassles.

Overall, I would give the food a solid 3.5 stars, and the service about a 2.  

I will give this restaurant another try when I'm in the area. Hopefully, they won't be out of the items I want and we will get a better waitress. I will update my rating if I have a better experience next time.

Jason
Normally I really like this place, but twice now on a weekend the bf & I have arrived around 11:40, 11:45am and they haven't been at all ready for customers (note that they're supposed to open at 11:30am every day of the week). I mean, we're talkin the door's unlocked, but the "open" sign is turned off, the chairs are still sitting inverted on the tables, and neither the owner nor any waiters are there.

The first time, one of the cooks, who was busy in the kitchen, heard us come in and came out to greet us and offer us something to drink and eat. He didn't know how to make mixed drinks, but was happy to offer us some red sangria. The owner showed up 20 or so minutes later, apologized, and offered to make us something else (not comped or even discounted for the inconvenience, mind you). He seems pretty cool in general, though.

The second time, we walked in at 11:40am. By 11:55am someone just noticed we were there, and a waitress had just arrived. Both the cook and she were very nice and accommodating, but I'm still confused as to why they pretend to open at 11:30am when they clearly barely open at noon. I get it that that could be perfectly acceptable in the actual city of Barcelona, but come on, man.

All that aside, the food is good, but used to be better (they've recently changed several menu items for the worse, AND you get an expectations-versus-reality clash since the menu still has the old descriptions, but what shows up at your table isn't at all the same). Most of the menu items they have--including the sangria--Firefly on Paradise does better, hands down. But do I want to drive all the way there that often? Hell no -- and that's where Barcelona comes in. It's a decent, gas-saving substitute when I'm craving Spanish tapas; I'll just likely avoid going there for lunch on the weekends from now on.
The host and waitress were very friendly. They have half-off on their tapas during cocktail hours. So, a coupon is useless here because they charge you the regular prices instead of half-off to use the coupon, therefore canceling the supposed 50% discount from the coupon. Clever !

The food is average. Nothing comparable to the real tapas in Spain or NYC. The paella was served with a large amount of very sticky rice with no saffron flavor. The tapas were better but nothing special. The sangria was without fruity flavor but has high alcohol content. It is a place for young people to drink and socialize, maybe.
I stumbled upon this place quite by accident and I am so glad I did. I went in for a glass of wine, came out with new friends and a promise to return for some food. I went back three times the following week, including my birthday party.

Casual with an elegant, tony *feel*, but inviting, not ostentatious, and fabulously friendly. 

Some of the Firefly favorites (you did know they're within that six degrees of separation idea, right? Well, now you do.) are here, with a twist. The stuffed dates, patatas bravas and various others are throwbacks (in a good way) of what we love from the Firefly*.

The first standout for me: The escargot is simply amazing. I am so used to the tasty (but overused) butter and garlic bath in which snails are usually prepared and presented. En croute or no, let's face it, they're done that way everywhere... everywhere, that is, but at Barcelona. A savory, tomato-based broth with complementary veggies and a healthy (but not overpowering) bit of spice for kick. I can admit it... we ordered it three times. For one friend, it was her first taste of escargot and I was so pleased it was here. We have a convert! Snails *are* yummy!

The portions are perfect; I am only left wanting more because something is that good, it is not for a lack of generosity on the part of the kitchen.

Smaller and more attention-oriented, Barcelona allowed for dietary substitutions (within reason, of course) and was helpful to a fault in finding dishes we would like or helping us if something just wasn't what we expected (diner error, I assure you, and no reflection of the restaurant).

Everything tasted fresh and the flavors were clean. There were a few things we didn't get to try when we had the big group but only because they were running out of certain things.That hadn't happened before, even when the place was busy late into the night... so I am going to give the benefit of the doubt to it being our large party running them down after 5 hours of food and drink goodness.

Whether I am there alone, or there are two of us at the bar, or fifteen of us descending upon them, we are always treated with the greatest of care and welcomed with open arms. Edgar and his staff make you a part of the family and you get the feel from your co-diners that they feel the same way. It is a pleasant way and a pleasant place to spend an hour, a meal, or an entire evening.
Edgar makes sure that his customers are happy, and an involved owner who truly cares definitely helps. The pan fried dates are wonderful. I have yet to have something off of the menu I did not like. I went with a friend who is from Madrid and she was not disappointed in the least and she was on a mission to find authentic tapas. I've been here over 40 times since they opened, and have always been pleased. 
The one downside that is not their fault is that Yelp thinks they are by Molly Malones and so the Check In offer doesn't work. If you just mention the offer, Edgar will make sure that it is honored.
Second trip here. I never review after one visit in order to make sure that I didn't catch them on a bad night (or a good one). 

My family and I love the food. The Camerones a la Diabla were the only downfall as the shrimp had no real taste beyond the sauce. Across the board we have tried about a third of the menu without a problem except for the shrimp.

Service on the other hand needs major improvement. Our waiter seems preoccupied and has no patience. (Same waiter both visits) There are four of us and when taking our drink order he left after getting two drinks as my wife and daughter hesitated while ordering. 

I'd like to make this a regular dining location but service matters to us. So overall a 3.
Sangria, Sangria and more Sangria.  Dessert and Sangria :-)
I bought a coupon off Living Social and was excited because they're almost identical to Firefly.

We got seated right away but waited for our waitress. Though they weren't busy, we had a hard time finding her. 

First they start you off with complimentary bread and butter. Yum! Though it didn't compare to Firefly, that didn't hold me back.

We ordered :
Pan fried dates, I didn't enjoy these better than Firefly but they were nonetheless still very good. We knew we'd order more of these babies.

Garlic shrimp, very tasty. The sauce had a lot of flavor, I love garlic, so this was an easy like. It only came with three skewers and with so much goodiness in that dish, we had to help ourselves to seconds.. even thirds!

Beef carpaccio, it was my first time trying it and I was not disappointed! The sauce was so flavorful and the crispy onions were a great touch! I just wished I was served this first so I could have had room for seconds.

Beef sliders, I'm not a big fan of burgers but from what my brother said, it was bomb . com. And I loved how they served him ketchup in almost like Aladdin's genie lamp. So cute. Their thin fries were pretty good also, it had a nice crunch to it.

Manchego mac&cheese, definitely enjoyed this one a lot better than Firefly's, the taste was spot on. My boyfriend even enjoyed it, so big thumbs up for BT&B!

Paella, it was okay, I just didn't like having big, uncut lumps of chicken in there. They definitely weren't bite size but the flavors were there, rice was just a bit undercooked.

It's a lot more brighter and roomier than Firefly, that was a plus for me. Because I love being able to tell what the color of my food really looks like. Our waitress just pretty much just wasn't great. Know how to bring hot dishes hot, not lukewarm and she should try and learn the menu.. just sayin'.
My gosh this place is out of the way for my husband and I who live in the Northeast part of town! Our banker recommended this place. We absolutely loved it! We were shocked at how quickly the place filled up; there were a couple of people at the bar and another couple in the dining room when we walked in and before we knew it the whole restaurant was full! Poor servers...... but regardless of that our dining experience was incredible. The staff did their best to provide great service and that's all that matters to us. We will definitely drive 40 minutes to dine here again.
This place may be out of the way for many Las Vegans but it's right in my neighborhood so it's a convenient 5min drive for me to get tapas as good as Firefly at a more reasonable price. 

I wish they didn't remove the pineapple and salmon skewers but the bacon wrapped dates are to die for. The paella is tasty and not too sauteed. Mojitos and sangria are pretty good as well.
This place used to be happening.  The food is good but the service really sucks.  The waitress was rude and negative on the place.
Food was mediocre and the service was horrible.  Slow, rude waitress.  Looks like it attracts the boozer crowd.

They offer tons of coupons then get pissed off when you try to use one.  I live 2 blocks from there and will never go back.
Before I decided to check this place out, I had heard some great things. I decided to take my girlfriend here on a date, since we're both huge tapas restaurant fans. 

We get to Barcelona's and were seated by a hostess. The waiter comes up, brings us water then disappears. He never introduced himself, nor did he show any interest in taking our order. It took about 10 minutes before he came back to take our order. 

The food was great. Everything was cooked perfectly, leaving my girlfriend and i impressed. We asked for the check and gave the waiter the coupon we had bought off one of those group coupon websites. He instantly became hostile claiming that it was more work for him because he had to activate it and deduct it from the final check.  He returned and threw the check in front of me. He never once said thank you, or even came back to check on our drinks. I finished the check and we left.

He followed me into the parking lot and asked for a signature, which I had forgotten to do out of irritation. The gentlemen began to tell me I shouldn't be angry about the coupon situation that it was just more work for him. I had never seen any waiter be so assertive. I told him I was upset about the fact that he didn't check on us once during our meal. He than said, "I don't need your excuses." My excuses for what? For not tipping him? He didn't deserve a tip considering how rude he was. He stormed off and called me an a**hole at the door of the restaurant as he was walking in.  After leaving I attempted to call the restaurant for a manager, but the phone kept going to voicemail. This was during business hours by the way.

I'm sorry but that was unacceptable. Not even in the most run down places in town do you have the waiter insult you. Even these waiters are more gracious than this guy.  Horrible service. No matter how good the food was, I will not be returning. 

I will give this place 1 star because of the food. It deserves a zero for the customer service. Get rid of this guy, he's ruining your restaurant.
One of the best Happy Hours in Las Vegas.  Well drinks, house wines, and domestic beers as well as a specialized tapas menu are 50% off 4PM - 7PM every day.  Even Friday and Saturday.  Not bad.  

A few standout Tapas pieces I had were the Mac N' Cheese, the pork empanada, as well as the chicken and mushroom soup.  All very tasty.

Drinks are of a good size, but if you want a drink I'd suggest the wine or get a beer, as I believe they are watering their well drinks during happy hour. 

Regardless, I've had good service on the two occasions I have been here, and quite tasty food.
Unpretentious, good food, friendly service, great value.
Delicious Tapas, comfortable atmosphere... definitely stop by and check it out!
It's pretty much a typical bar environment, nothing special in the decor or ambience, similar to a PT's pub and the like. The food is okay, I had the ribs, and guests I was with ordered the sliders. The ribs were served in a sweet sauce that tasted like any that could be found in a Kraft jar. They weren't horrible, and they weren't great. The sliders weren't anything to write home about, as the meat quality was average at best. The fries were quite good, however shouldn't be a determining factor for patrons. 

The determining factors in this case: The service is horrible, and food is average at best. These two facts, coupled together should be a deal-breaker. It is as if they take pride in offering poor service. The wait staff would place the wrong orders in front of the customer, and did not seem to care if people are satisfied. They did this both with the drinks, and later with the entrees. One guest at our table had to wait ten minutes for ketchup, and when we finally got a waiter's attention, he was visibly annoyed at our request. On a side note-the coffee tasted like it had been sitting in the pot all day before being served. 

Strangely enough, if I see reviews for good food and poor service, I'm not deterred, as I see it like a 'soup nazi' situation: The food should be so outstanding that people overlook the horrible customer service in order to experience good tastes. 

In the case of Barcelona Tapas & Bar, I recommend avoiding this place, as the poor service does not justify the lackluster food served and the atmosphere is uncomfortable. 

I think the fancy name 'tapas' makes a place like this appear special, but in my case, it is simply a place to avoid.
I'm loving the local watering hole. Happy hour here rivals Brio but this is more intimate. Sit at the bar and do some shots with the bartender. Good times all around. The boquerones and the serrano ham and cheese platter are staples for me. Simple food to accompany a few cocktails is all I need.
I loved the food... Happy Hour is awesome....

Serviced sucked.. We went last night Marco was our server he was very rude and short with us.... we obviously interrupted him watching the football game.. If the service was better I would have given this place a 5 star rating..:(
Fast service and good tapas for the $$
I live down the street from this place and I come around 3 times a month. I am somehow always craving their bacon-wrapped dates. First time I ever tried it was at Firefly and it's just as good. They start you out with bread and a sweet chili butter and also a spread which is delish. I always seem to order the same thing. Beef carpaccio, bacon wrapped dates, tilapia, surf & turf skewers, tuna tartar. Those are all pretty good. I've had the empanadas with beef and I honestly didn't like them. They had no distinct taste to them. I like the tuna from Firefly better, but it's still pretty good.

I know this place has lunch specials from 4-7. I noticed the last time they made their portions smaller during this time, when for the past year they had this special it was regular size. Who could blame them though?

I like this place. I come here often. I love the bacon wrapped dates, they are the best!

If you're in the area and haven't been here yet, you need to give it a try!
UGH. 

THE MAIN REASON I'M GIVING THIS PLACE 2 STARS IS BECAUSE OF THE SERVICE.
I fully understand that a place is understaffed and has 1 waiter for the whole place but, our waiter -- UGHH!!!!!!

First, we order a pitcher of mojitos and he brings me a glass.

Worst was that my friend FOUND HAIR IN HIS RICE and told the waiter about it and he just laughed it off. 
Are you effing kidding me???!!
You know very well, if it was in my friend's rice then, there HAD to be hair in someone else's rice dish.

Sadly, the food we had was really yummy. Escargot, brie dates bacon, lamb, mojito. I would've gave this place 4 stars.
 
I'm just thankful his rice dish was the last thing we ate or else I would've been inspecting my food like crazy throughout dinner.
Food excellent...Wednesday afternoon bar to myself, lot of complaints about it to busy, then don't come for happy hour...cheap bas?$#ds...food is great
I been here a couple of times because my friend lives fairly close to this establishment. I'm not a huge tapas fan but I do enjoy it when I go out to a tapas restaurant. As for Barcelona Tapas and Bar, I actually enjoy this place. The pan fried dates are definitely a staple here. That is one thing everyone must order when coming here. and when they bring out the bread, it comes with a butter that the house makes that is the best tasting butter I have ever had in my life. It just tastes so damn good. I like the beef carpaccio as well.
  Ordered the empanadas and wasnt that big of a fan on that one. The sauteed tilapia was pretty good.
Very good place for a quick bite, love the sangria. Great service, they are always friendly and polite.
Wow. So as much as people might hate me for saying it. I liked this place better than firefly! I mean strictly the food was so amazing that it's worth the drive from whatever part of town you are in. I came with friends on a Sunday night and it was pretty dead. Decently nice enough interior. Clean and decorated. So we each ordered two dishes and every single item was amazing. The butternut squash soup, veggie empanadas, manchego Mac and cheese, fried goat cheese, fried artichokes, tortilla Española were all amazing. Great portion size. Just enough to share with a few people of each dish so u get to try lots of food. Then we got dessert of bananas foster crepes, bread pudding and flan. The flan was nothing to write home about but still solid. As we're te other desserts. Overall an amazing meal.
This can be summed up very quickly...

Food = Delicious, everything we've tried.  In particular, I loved the pan fried dates and my boyfriend had a thing for the garlic shrimp. We both thought the food was much tastier and of better quality than Jaleo, but admittedly we haven't tried Firefly.  Prices are reasonable and ambiance is open and inviting.  

Service = Wildcard.  Sometimes fantastic, sometimes neglectful. All depends on who is working. If Barcelona could create a consistent, top notch service, this place should do great.
I've tried this place 3 times since moving to Vegas a few months ago.  

Food is ok, nothing special.  I've been to much better places back home that I wouldn't even put this in my top 10 list.  

The sangria is not bad, but I can whip up the same concoction at home.

With the VERY limited selection of spanish tapas bars in Vegas, I would probably frequent this place if ONLY they know how to treat their customers.  Servers are rude, slow, oblivious, and unattentive.  The only friendly person at that place is the female bartender (same bartender 3 times I was there).  

Ok food/drinks and REALLY BAD SERVICE...I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon.
We were served a complimentary plate of grilled bread, hummus and a garlic cream cheese spread (2.5 Forks).  Our first order was the obligatory pan fried dates with almonds in a balsamic reduction sauce and sprinkled with goat cheese (4 Forks) and Manchego mac and cheese (3.5 Forks).  The second round was less successful: camarones al Ajillo (garlic shrimp) that were slightly overcooked and served at room temperature (2 Forks), a mundane house salad (2 Forks) and pastelillos pollo (chicken cake) served with a gribiche sauce (2.5 Forks).  We closed out the meal with a chocolate tres leches cake.

A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
It's one of the first tapas places here in Las Vegas I knew of 3 years ago. So I love it!! than the over Hyped bullshit Firefly Tapas joint that I definately know, came later!! Barcelona is the first place I found, because of a friend of mine. Then this bullshit Firefly place came along, and it can go, on the wannabe list. At least the employees who work @ Barcelona aren't stuck up, like the employees at Firefly.  Firefly employees can shove their attitudes right back up their own taints!!! Or else I'll do it for them with my foot!!!!!! Barcelona Tapas!!  Puta Madre!!!!!
Hell yeah!!!
TWO THUMBS DOWN


Today was the second time I've eaten at Barcelona with my wife.  We live a few blocks down the street so we figured we'd stop in for some lunch.

That was a big mistake.

FOOD: I ordered the NY steak... my wife ordered ceviche.  My steak was so fatty,  I could only eat about half of it.

SERVICE:  After we got the check,  I noticed the server charged us for the carbonated waters we ordered.  I was pretty disappointed so I asked him if that was standard policy.  He was extremely rude and unprofessional.

We will never be back here again and I'll make sure to pass the word along to my friends and family.
This is one of my favorite places to go for a weeknight dinner or even an occasion. I live in the neighborhood so I visit Barcelona Tapas at least twice a month. 

Casual Dining Weeknight Experience:
I have always received a friendly greeting at the door. The waiter/waitress is always very prompt with bringing over some fresh bread with honey butter and hummus, which is outstanding. I prefer the Sangria at Barcelona, the white-red mix is definitely the way to go. The wait staff always have time to check on the food and the experience, a nice addition to service at a neighborhood restaurant. Overall, I've always had great service. The menu and food is comparable to Firefly, in fact I sometimes feel like they ripped off the menu, which isn't a bad thing. My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, the albondigas, the empanadas,  the chicken skewers, and the stuffed mushrooms are very good! The food quality at Barcelona definitely gives Firefly a run for its money and the wait staff actually come back and chat with you. At a busy Tapas place like Firefly(although it's super fun for a party) you don't get the personal experience. Also they have live music sometimes which is AWESOME! Spanish style guitar, so romantic!

Large Group Dining:
Last year I had my birthday dinner here. The restaurant handled the additional 30 people on a busy Saturday night with calm and provided the best service. Everyone got everything they ordered and in a timely manner. The waiter assigned to our party did a really great job making sure the drinks and food kept coming. We made a reservation a few days in advance just to let them know ahead of time and it truly was a great dinner.
The happy hour here is the shit! The hot bartender, Lizzett I think her name is, amazing! That girl knows her stuff. The tapas speak for themselves. Yum!!! Addicted!
We missed HH by 15 mins, which was sad. BUT I had a coupon from Restaurant.com so it was ok either way.

If you check in on Yelp you get a free glass of Sangria :) Place is super cute & I'm totally going back again. It's in the same strip mall as Off the Strip, plenty of parking, and apparently has a swinging HH from 4-7 with 50% off entrees.

They also have many TV's which made us happy! 

I posted some pix of the food,  here's what we got:

1) bacon wrapped dates, pretty good, bacon was a little dry
2) almond & panko deep fried goat cheese with a balsamic reduction -Yes please, more
3) lots of bread & hummus-hummus needed more garlic in my opinion but I heart carbs
4) Serrano wrapped cheese, black olives, little pickles -how fun this plate was
5) crowd pleaser & shockingly good- escargot with saffron in a tomato sauce. Not what I expected at all but really really good [do it!]
I'm definitely a fan!  I have mixed emotions about tapas, just because I've been programmed from a young age to appreciate large portions and having small plates with small portions (though plentiful) messes with my head :)  I also think I end up spending more that way...but I think that speaks more to my issues than to Barcelona.

First off, I've passed this place a million times and never eaten here.  It's conveniently located and easy to find in the Smith's shopping center.  It's much bigger inside than I imagined!  I mean, it's a modest size, but I pictured it much smaller.  We went in the late afternoon on a Saturday and it wasn't too busy.  We were seated and proceeded to order off the Happy Hour menu (half off).  Also, by checking in on Yelp, you get a free drink!  Awesome!

My friend and I ordered about 7 happy hour tapas...mac n cheese, escargot, some kind of chicken dish, eggplant dish, mushroom dish...and a few other things I can't remember.  Everything was REALLY good!  Drinkwise, we went with the sangria and mojitos.  I think I enjoyed the mojito more, but both were pretty good.

All in all, I don't have any complaints.  Our server was so nice and very attentive.  This place had a very comfortable and homey feel to it.  Everything seemed clean and in its place.  I do have to reinforce...tapas DO add up, especially the way my friend and I eat, so I probably would not come at any other time slot besides happy hour which is 4-7p Sun-Thurs and 4-6p Fri-Sat.
It is a mediocre local tapas restaurant. Great happy hour deals but at the same time, the quality of their food doesn't really make me want to pay full price. However, we do happily go there for happy hour. 

Please don't get me wrong. Certain things are good such as their octopus dish, tilapia meuniere and etc. If you approach this establishment as a bar with relatively good food rather than an authentic true Spanish tapas restaurant, then you would enjoy this place. I really enjoyed passion fruit mojito! 

It's always great to see a neighborhood restaurant doing well.
Food was excellent, the escargot was awesome, and the vegetable empanada killed fireflys.... This place is right by my house and i'm super pumped on how good it was....happy hour is legit....
The food was amazing and the service to match. The staff was attentive and helpful with any questions we had. This place will be taking more of my dollars in the future.
Great food and great prices. I wish the owner had a location in Los Angeles, this was hands down the best tapas restaurant I've ever been to. Tasty dishes, I will return in the future!
LOOOVE this place we went to Vegas for a family trip last week and we were staying at a residence that is about a block away from here and we loved the Tapas here. We loved it so much we came here twice in our 4 day trip. 

The pulled pork was my favorite and the ribs. A must try are the Stuffed shrimp and the papatas bravas. 

The sangria is bomb! we ordered 2 pitchers of it. not very strong. the waitress on the first day was amazing, very upbeat. but on our 2nd night the gentelman was very slow and very disrespectful in my opinion he would not ask if we needed anything just looked at us until we told him our order. Because of him my rating is not 5 stars.

the ambiance of the resturant is casual and its lighted on the dark side. not too much light but very nice and they have screens everywhere with sports events.
it was a longest way to find the great food for me i took this restaurant forget about the rating and listen to my friend's recomendation. he was dead right, when we reach the place late night, it was pretty busy and great live music was playing by a solo gutarist in the corner. we sat by the bar and Moolisa the bartende was our waitress and she was lots of fun and energy for the place. We pick all our food under her rcomendation and the frist we had the short rib plate was so delicious. then she brought the sousage on the stick thing is little sweet but we enjoyed it too. the best plate was the PORK... it was so good and tasty and the meet was melting our mouth without having a bite. 
Also the spicy shrimps was the bomb and, the desret was very tempting.... highly recomended.!!
Sometimes, all you want in life is sangria. For me, this was a craving that spanned the course of three weeks. So when a friend wanted to meet up for dinner, I knew that Barcelona's happy hour was a must.

From the hours of 4 to 7, happy hour is a must do. Check in on Yelp for a free glass of sangria - sweet, strong, and in quantities more than a single glass, potentially dangerous. My friend and I ordered a mass array of goodies from the happy hour menu. The vegetable empanadas ($2.75) were little fried pockets of all sorts of vegetables - pretty good but nothing fantastic. Croquetas ($2.75) were also good, only made better with the aioli on the side. Lastly, the eggplant cannelloni ($3.50) was perfectly balanced with the hearty eggplant and the tang of tomato sauce. 

While dessert was the last thing on my mind, we somehow got conned into ordering...wait for it, Fried Chocolate Tres Leches a la Mode (I take liberties with the word 'conned'). Sometimes you don't realize you're having a bad week until you take a bite into something so sinfully delicious. One bite of this Tres Leches and suddenly, life is better. 

The food is good, and the happy hour deals amazing. But the real keeper here is Edgar, the owner. He's so warm and hospitable. But be warned, warmness goes right out the door when it comes to dessert. He'll charm you into ordering things you'd never eat normally thanks to diet and a conscience. In all earnestness, he has something good going on here, and I'm happy to see this place doing well.
This place surprised us. The tapas were delicious and portions were bigger than most other tapas places. The steamed muscles were great and so was the lamb. Their sangria was perfect.   The service was spot on.
I came here on a Tuesday evening (tonight, as a matter of fact, around 6:30 pm) and must say this was NOT a happenin' joint tonight.  This is also not a trendy, hip place like that OTHER tapas place. That didn't make for an unpleasant visit, though. This place has its own charm. 

The decor is a bit shabby-chic, lending to a laid-back, casual atmosphere, but it's an interesting look, not a bad one. There's a slight sports pub feel due to the TVs and the wide variety of objects on the walls, which were painted dark green (at least the wall alongside my area). The booths are roomy and comfy with slightly high tables. I really liked the servers - very friendly and attentive.

This is a tapas restaurant, therefore there are only a few entrees. I didn't feel like eating a bunch of little meals (ironic, huh?) so I had the pasta entree. My friend had a Groupon, which is why I happened to be invited for this outing.  My pasta dish was not bad, and neither were the fries I tried, but as there was nothing special about them I would try something different during my next visit.  The bread and butter were good, though. That butter was heavenly, as a matter of fact. I hate sweet honey butter but this butter was just right in terms of flavor, sweetness, creaminess (and the way it melted on my tongue like a dream!). 

My friend loved her bacon-wrapped dates and had no complaints about her mac & cheese, beef (veal?) medallions or sangria.  I was impressed that our waiter didn't give us a hard time about the Groupon, as some restaurants do.  The restaurant has its own version of a Groupon on their website, by the way.  Using that coupon would provide customers with the same discount but would not cost the restaurant as much money. I don't want to hate on Groupon, but I don't want businesses to suffer because of them. I hope you'll check out the coupon.
I was reluctant to try this place again because I didn't love it the first time. Supposedly this place was opened by someone who helped create the menu at Firefly, but I can attest (in my opinion) the menu here doesn't even come close to Firefly. Reason I gave this a second try was we were looking to have a cocktail in my neighborhood and not at a smoky bar, when we got there, no one was in the place. I ordered a glass of wine and the person I was person with ordered a single malt, which they don't carry, ok no big deal, in the meantime I showed our waitress my Yelp check in which displays 50% drinks, no where in the check in does it say "sangria only" which is all they will honor. We ordered 2 apps, one came out, the other never made it to the table. Again, we were the only customers in the place. When the check arrived, we noticed we had been charged for both, brought it to her attention and she replies "well I will have to have my mgr take it" and acted like it was a bother???!!! I don't foresee myself ever going back to this place and I have a couple Restaurant.com vouchers that will go unused if anyone wants them.
Their happy hour is now only 4-6 so be aware of that.

We went on a Saturday for happy hour and had a really good time.  Its a small place and I believe the entire staff are owners or family members so they're very attentive.

There were 6 of us and we each had at least 2 glasses of sangria and ordered about 10 different items, yet the bill was only $91.  

Between the group we tried the calamari, meatballs, chicken piccata, chicken empenadas, stuffed mushrooms, and the banana crepe thing for dessert.  We all really enjoyed everything.  It isn't necessarily 5 star food but no one was unhappy with anything we received (not easy to do with 6 women at the table).

I can't speak for regular menu items but its a really nice place for happy hour.

And the sangria is *really* good.
I had a http://restaurants.com gift card for this place so it seemed like a great time to try it for the first time. 

First of all they completely "attempted" to copy Firefly without success!

The service was horrible. I'm pretty sure there was only one waitress for the entire place. It was 2pm on a Tuesday when we visited so it wasn't really busy but with 5 tables they needed more help. The waitress became frustrated with our requests for water refills and just brought us a pitcher which was fine with us. 

Spicy shrimp was my favorite dish with great sauce.
Bacon wrapped dates were super salty. 
The mac and cheese was really dry and lacking cheesiness.
The fries were cold so we sent them back.

I don't for-see another visit to Barcelona's even with a gift card!
The ceviche is my favorite and am only disappointed as its not part of the half price appetizer during happy hour.
Food and drinks are good!! Hubby had the sliders and loved it!!
very good!
We come here about once a month. We like it, but I wouldn't say it's fantastic. Both the food and the service are inconsistent - some nights they are on the ball, some nights everything is off. I have had some food here that is incredible (bananas foster) and some that's not good at all (albondigas soup). Also, they changed the recipe for the patatas bravas, I wish they'd make them the old way, they used to be great!
I walked in here waiting for a friend to meet me for a date night.  I have to say I'm a HUGE fan of Firefly, so they had a lot to live up to.

The tapas were good, the services was attentive, and they didn't rush us out the door (which I like because I don't get to see this particular friend very often).  Atmosphere is comfortable.  The docked star is because I was 'meh' on their white sangria.  Their HH prices are great, and it was nice to sit and relax with a good friend for a bit.
As a fan of Rise & Shine (it's a few doors down) I decided to check Barcelona out during their 7 day happy hour. We really enjoyed it. It wasn't too crowded. The service was just right and the food was quite yummy.

The goat cheese was awesome, the queso fundido was so yummy. And we really liked the empanadas.

I am a huge fan of firefly so I was really excited to find a place that was just as good and maybe even better.
I do have to agree with another poster.  I have a pet peeve against places that don't have a "must come back again" item on their menu.  I crave those goat cheese balls constantly, but this place is no where near me and the friend who invited me there no longer lives nearby either.  I have to say I also miss Baba Reeba's sangria, but remember this places being pretty good....but those goat cheese balls.  Damn them, lol!
I like Barcelona.  I think it was a nice addition to the Southern Highlands plaza.  I've been here several times: date nights, birthday parties, etc. etc.

As far as food goes, the food is very comparable to Fireflys; however, I think the sangria is just a touch better.  I prefer both the white and red sangria at Barcelona over Firefly's.  I recommend coming here during happy hour (4p-6p & 10p-12a) so you can get more food and drinks for less!  Just keep in mind that not all their tapas and drinks are discounted though.  But who doesn't like happy hour?

The pan fried dates are a MUST.  Seriously, you can never go wrong with these.  The paella (entree) is also really good.  It does take about 30-45 minutes to make though, so just be aware of that before you order it.

They used to have a printable coupon on their website that was awesome, but alas, it's not available anymore. :( 

If you haven't tried tapas before or you're looking for an alternative to Firefly, I would recommend going to Barcelona.  It's good, not great, but good.
Here for the Banana Foster Crepes!!!
But, since we were hungry we give few of their menu items a try, some of them even two tries :)

I don't really remember the other dishes we tried, but the Baqueron's was to die for.
Even with my husband not being a big artichoke fan, we order it twice! It's just the perfect little serving, a great tapas for just $6.50, with sweet white anchovies, red peppers,artichoke and black olives!

I think I could live on this dish and the Bananas foster crepes for the rest of my life! 

I'm giving it 3* because of their service...it wasn't very busy, so the server took his time to entertain his friends on a table rig next to ours...thank God somebody who looked like a manager stop by to ask us if we would like anything else...

We'll probably return, if we could get a better server thou...
Love this place! I have been coming here since they opened and will still be coming back cause everyone are friendly and so is the owner. He will go out of his way to come to your table and say hi!! :) food is great!!!!
Well I do hate leaving a bad review on a place with such nice staff and warm and friendly owner but unfortunately a restaurant needs to be more than just a bunch friendly nice people. The quality of the food has got to follow. As much as I really wanted to like the food and was hoping that this place could be a good alternative to Firefly, it just was not. Overall the food was bland, low quality ingredients and clearly nothing is homemade. The worst were the meatballs, avoid them at all costs. They were hard as a rock and no taste. Clearly pre-maid, frozen and re-heated in the microwave (I am single, I know what those taste like!). Second to worst was the manchego and bacon mac&cheese. I had this before in other tapas places and it is a party in your mouth. This one was bland and floury. Not sure how they screwed this one up. 
Also as one would expect portions are small, it is a tapas place. I have no issue with small portion but it needs to burst with flavor.  On a good note, the bacon wrapped dates are good. 
Don't think I will be going back but if I do, I will stick to the sangria and the dates.
Love this place. It's located in a strip mall in Southern Highlands. Go during their double happy hours...4-6 then 10- midnight.
Again meeting large party...family in from California...this is a convenient location for hungry people driving in from LA.
We were greeted with friendly staff that was all too happy to hook us up with sangrias. They have a similar menu to Fireflies. 
The pan fried dates are just a staple.
We tried the Baqueróns which is white anchovies & red pepper on toast..not a fan & too fishy. The empanadas are ok, the camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp) were good & good to dip bread in. And some other things ordered on other side of table but after a few sangrias couldn't remember the names :) We did enjoy the shared flan for dessert as it got passed once & never returned.
A nice alternative if you don't want the busy atmosphere of the other tapas place.
One of my absolutely favorite places in the city to take people!  Happy hour is extremely generous, food is Firefly-ish but 10 times better and the people are not as pretentious, though it is not unusual to see nothing but bmw/mercedes in the parking lot.  The experience is very comfortable, the owner works nearly 7 days a week to make sure that his baby is a pleasure to come and relax in.  I would say it's a lot like a lounge with MUCH better food!  And I'm sorry to all the band-wagon people out there, but BARCELONA MAKES BETTER SANGRIA THAN FIREFLY HAHAHAHAHA!!!! Oh YES I did!
We have been going to their happy hour alot... it is really yummy and tapas range from $2-$4 and the beer is $1... so a really good deal on happy hour... Everyday from 4-6pm!
Great food and drinks here. Its a great place to just come and chill if you wanna have a relaxed night. At the end of the night they pulled out karaoke and a ping pong table. It was awesome.

For my first review, I had to mention this place first. 

Good food and good service.
Tried the steamed clams, diablo shrimp, and Filet mignon medallions. 

all were so flavorful, and went nicely with a side of rice. 

A pitcher of Rasberry mojito was shared between my friend and I. 

Service was superb and it got pretty busy. Compliments to the chef!
Best time to go is during Happy Hour, the best price for the food items, as I don't think full price would get the same reviews:

Chicken Piccatta - Sauce was very yummy
Empanada Pork or Beef - Very dry shell, however the food inside was great
Bruschetta - To dye for, however needs to come with more bread
Steak sKewers - Great flavor
Mac n Cheese - Hit the spot

Drinks  - Too strong of a pour, shouldn't be still tasting the drink the next day.
The only thing worse than the service is the food. It had to be the first time the server had ever taken an order.  He couldn't figure out some simple requests so the manager came and apologized and then started criticizing the server to us. The manager forgot two things from our order, brought half the tables food out 10 minutes before the other half AND forgot one whole meal all together (there was four of us). The penne pasta's sauce was literally water, no joke. The hash browns were as white as the plate. The only good thing they did was comp us when we got up to walk out
On first impression, this is the kind of place that appears to be trying too hard to be authentic. The decor appears to have come from Hobby Lobby or Dollar Tree. It's a lazy interpretation of Barcelona life. The restrooms were a travesty. The trash can, faucets and porcelain were worn, fingerprinted and unclean. There was also a bowl of sea salt scrub that was intended for customers to use. Because it was sitting next to the toilet, I passed. The food was decent. Nothing to rave about, but not disappointing. Good flavors and there was cartridge mixed in with my chicken taco. Tasty, if you're into that. The staff was super nice, but slow for a lazy Thursday afternoon.
Stopped here on the way out of town, I was just hungry and looked for something to eat. I am so glad I did, it's a great place.
Always A+ service and the food is almost as unbelievable as the price! My favorite place to eat in my 'hood!
The food gods have delivered the best of best in spanish style Tapas. Monday and Tuesday makes even better with half price bottle wines. The goat cheese balls are my favorite, and ask chef and owner Edgar to make you something special and your taste buds will go nuts
On our first visit, we tried the different tapas' on their happy hour menu and were not really impressed.

We came back last Sunday since I was craving for Paellla and it was a wonderful surprise that the food quality was totally different. We ordered Paella, Camarones Al Ajillo and Brochettas De Pollo and they were all good. The Camarones Al Ajillo I say is a must try. My bf almost licked the plate!

We will be back!
Excellent food, the music is nice and good service.  Small tasty plates!
We have never had tapas before, so we decided to try this place.  We ordered fried goat cheese balls, calamari, chorizo stuffed mushrooms, lamb sausage with quinoa, and fried lamb chops with quinoa.  Everything was delicious.  My only complaint would be that the lamb chops were tiny.  They were about one bite each ( you get two).  For $11, I think I should get more than 2 bites.
Love this place! Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere for both family and date night. One of my favorites in LV!
I'm going to have to agree with some previous reviews that the best time to go is during happy hour. The tapas available were pretty good and the price was excellent. By the time we left, we were full and the bill wasn't bad.  However, the service was definitely lacking. Our server was a little rude and seemed to only be friendly with other people that showed up and appeared to be regulars. One good thing was that the place wasn't busy when we showed up and the food came out quick.
Our server was very good! The Mac n cheese was fantastic!! I would asking recommend the shrimp diablo! We had the bananas foster was good!
Good variety of small portions (i.e. "tapas").    Happy Hour a definite bargain.   One server (bald fellow with black-framed glasses kept complaining about his boss to us; not the best of judgement.   Then he tried to sell us a bottle of wine at a discount because he did not get a raise (I guess he would keep the profit).   

Anyway, if you don't get Baldy, will be a good experience.
Went last week with a friend from out of town. I had bought a Groupon and was delighted. The service was great. Marco was our waiter and he made all of our selections. The owner came out and also spoke with us since we were new. The food was outstanding and the atmosphere was very nice. The place kept getting busier so I am not alone is saying this is great value for the quality of  food and it is now a regular spot for us.
Like most people, we came here because of the groupon deal. It is a little ways off the heart of Las Vegas but it's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city once in a while. When we went in, it was like 2 pm so no one else was really there except for people watching the football games. We were seated immediately and ordered the vegetable empanadas, the fried goat cheese, the sautéed mushrooms, the stuffed artichokes and the fried ravioli. All of them were really good. If I had to choose a least favorite, it would probably be the stuffed artichokes. The waiter was extremely nice and seemed very easy going. I think the only thing they had against them was that the lighting was super dark. Other than that, I definitely recommend!
I've been here back when it first opened and wasn't impressed.  The food was good but the service was lacking----big time.  You get seated and no one when come to offer you water or take your drink order for like 15 minutes.  

With that being said, I am soooooooo thankful my good friend got me to come back late last year.  Total 360 in the service.  Not to mention the food comes out a good pace then it used too.  

Our favorites are the panned fried bacon wrapped dates, fried goat cheese, Vegetable Empanadas, and the chicken tacos.   Their sangria and martini's are also good.  It doesn't get super crowded and loud so it's a good place to hit up with friends and even family.
Food is great, prices are great, service is great!
First time here and already off to a bad start. 5 min without any greeting from anyone. No hostess up in front and I believe only one guy runnin the whole show. The food is what pretty much saved this review. The food was good but service and experience is also the big part of a restaurant
A good place to go for tacos and drinks!
Went on the website and it said it opens at 11am. Checked yelp it says 1130, had a groupon for this place waited more than 30 min no one checked on us. Guy comes out doesn't even acknowledge us and leaves continues talking with his friend. Terrible service!!
Its been awhile since I ate here, then I realized I didn't even review this place yet.  For me, this is conveniently located in my neighborhood, Southern Highlands.  I've been coming here usually to partake in their super awesome happy hour during game time.  Oh you can't miss the big sign that shows off their $1 PBR specials either.  

We finally came in to dine for their brunch.  We heard from a friend that their breakfast is a must try...mmmm hmmmm it sure is.  Only on Saturday and Sunday from 10a-1pm.

We tried the Barcelona Benedict $6 and Chorizo Hash $6 roasted potatoes with chorizo and roasted tomato poached egg then we couldn't resist and added the escargot and banana pancakes...lol yes odd combinations.  

The Benedict is a homemade turkey patty, topped with your poached egg and roasted pepper topped with hollandaise sauce.  I think if there was spinach added to it, it would be even better...but that's just my taste buds.  Since the hubs had that I went for the chorizo hash.  Oooooooh weeee, that was a combination of deliciousness.  It's served in a hot plate of melted goodness.  Then on to escargot. Save your bread and dip that in the garlic butter mushroom sauce of the escargot.  They are not shy on giving you a lot of escargot.  When it comes out and served to your table, other patron will say, "what's that smell?"  

Lastly, the banana pancakes.  I'll tell you why this is a must try.  First dessert for breakfast is awesome.  Second, The syrup topping is their banana foster syrup....need I say more?  

Service was awesome, Kelli was an awesome host.  We enjoyed everything we even reserved for Super Bowl!
Attentive service, great happy hour prices , and great tasting food. Blood Orange mojitos are a must try!
I have eaten at this restaurants numerous times. More so when they first opened, I believe it was around 2009. At first I really liked it. My husband and I used to go at least once a week! We loved the bartender, Melissa who I might add is no longer with them. I feel that I never reviewed this place for that reason, because we just really enjoyed her service, even after numerous bad meals there. 
 I've had meals there that were hit or miss. The food is extremely inconsistent. You have a dish you love, like their Tilapia, for instance was great the last few times I ate there the sauce was different, and the tilapia was so way overlooked. The last straw for my husband was when on Fathers Day last year they had a prime rib or ribeye special, can't remember which. My husband asked the weight, again don't remember if they said 12 or 16 ounces. It was so shady and sneaky, it couldn't be more than 4 and a half ounces! The shady part is this, it was cut very very thin and at a strange angle. It looked like perhaps the rest of this tiny piece of meat was under the mashed potatoes it was served with. My husband lifted up the potatoes and there was nothing there! They cut it slanted and made it appear that the rest of the meat was under the potatoes. If we didn't look, we couldn't prove that this was not the size that said. So sneaky, so much lack of respect for their customers, not to mention we were regulars! Our server was so embarrassed and apologetic. On the top of it it was Father's Day! He was so upset he did not order anything else or has yet to return. My dumb ass have given them so many more chances and wasted to much meals there. My wonderful drinks by Melissa kept me going for their mediocre food, but not since this past Saturday, February 8th, was my meal so horrible! Stuffed mushrooms tasteless, served cold in the middle and just a funny texture. My 7 year old said Barcelona Tapas made her hate mushrooms! She said the best thing was the sprite. The ribs although very tender and fell off the bone outrageously sweet, it was a pile of meat and bones and pieces of bone mixed in the meat.  We ordered a filet, which was not a filet, it was chewy, had weird bristle and we  ordered medium rare, it was medium well. So 10 dollars for crap! It was a horrible mistake to eat there and we ruined our Saturday night by choosing Barcelona Tapas. Yeah, don't recommend at all.
Came here awhile back and haven't gotten around to writing a review till now. I was NOT a fan. Moment i walked in I stood there for awhile feeling like an idiot cause no one greeted me or showed me where to sit. My boyfriend and I eventually just picked a spot and waited for a server to flag down. Eventually an older gentleman with an accent came up to us and gave us menus. I ordered a pitcher of white sangria. It wasn't bad but it wasn't very good either. To be honest, the food was completely un-memorable that I forgot everything we had ordered. I just remember being excited for the bacon wrapped dates because I love them over at Firefly. Well it was not like Firefly's dates. They were soggy and incredibly salty. The server also never came back again and when he eventually did come around to give us our check, it looked like he was in the middle of eating something. I quickly paid and got the hell out of there. I haven't been back since and I probably never will. If they fixed their customer service and cleaned up their dishes a bit, they could probably do well. I guess I'll never know.
The atmosphere was very comfortable and the food was delicious. I went in for a quick lunch, but I realized that others had the same idea! One server and the owner out on the floor hence my reason for 4 stars. Both exceptionally friendly and hard-working but maybe one more server would have been nice. Nonetheless, the food was fabulous and the spicy butter for the bread was ridiculous! So much flavor! Will return for sure, with more time to spare and a designated driver for those mojitos and sangria.
Really, really underrated neighborhood spot, and worth the drive from anywhere in the valley.  Concise menu of traditional Spanish tapas, done better than the other guys.  If you like the dates and the tortilla espanola at Firefly, wait until you try these.  If there were more meat options on the menu, it would be an easy five stars.  Now doing live music on Thursday nights, half off wine bottles on Mondays and Tuesdays.  They recently started a weekend brunch menu, which is stupid cheap ($6 for a full order of eggs benedict!) - the bananas foster french toast is a must try.  The real star here is the bar manager, Kelly, who is always working on some crazy concoction.  Last time we were in he whipped up a serrano-cucumber margarita for us, which was delicious.  Try it.  You won't be sorry.
Excellent food. I have been here quite a few times because it's close to my house. Very good prices at happy hour. I am usually watching my diet, so I might only drop by and have a drink or two most of the times that I come here. Dogfish Head Indian Brown on draft is my drink of choice.  But for dinner on a date night, it's a great place.
This restaurant is located in a nice southern highlands shopping center. I have passed it up before due to the yelp reviews but my boyfriend and I bought a groupon so we decided to try it. 

We were immediately greeted. When we sat down, our drink orders were taken right away. My boyfriend had a $5 draft beer, he was happy with the reasonable price. We ordered a variety of tapas, we had the 
mac&cheese, the stuffed peppers, the bacon wrapped dates, the sausage, spicy shrimp, and some ham and cheese croquettes. Everything was delicious! The spicy shrimp was my favorite, but the dates were a close second.

I would recommend this place to anyone who likes to try a little bit of everything on the menu.  :)

The service was really great and the food was even better!
We had lunch here yesterday, March 12th.  It was very disappointing, especially for the price paid.  My husband and I each ordered 2 small plates of tapas and each had one glass of sangria.  Our lunch bill, not including the tip, was $60!!!!!  The sangria did not even have chopped fruit in it, as did every other glass of sangria I had ever purchased at other restaurants. Sixty plus dollars was an outrageous price to pay for lunch.  We will not be back.  Las Vegas has too many other places to try.  We were excited, as Barcelona is just blocks from my son's house in Southern Highlands.  He had given this restaurant a few tries.  He said he will not be back either.
Delicious! The food was excellent and quick. Perfect portions. The staff was fantastic! Super attentive and nice. We loved the music and large seating. Came here originally to use a groupon, ended up getting happy hour and saving the groupon for later because we will be back!! 
We tried the calamari, tomato bruschetta, Mac & Cheese,  ravioli and stuff mushrooms OMG!! All yummy
This is a convenient local spot for us with the variety of tapas. The salami banderas is my fav app dish, if you crave something with a little kick. Usually they have $1 PBR drafts but that was replaced with Rolling Rock not bad but I was trying to get my hipster on.  
        The salami was great and the calamari was good but a little firm. I ordered the pork tacos which were a little more bland this time, should have grabbed the fish tacos which has a spicier sauce and slaw. My buddies ordered the sliders and had no complaints. Service was great this time on a fairly slow day, improvement from past visits. 

         It's a unique place for Southern Highlands with some really great dishes that offer a real variety compared to local bar foods. 4 out of 5.
Food was OK, not well paired. Overpriced for the amount you get. Will not be coming back.
Food is amazing!!!  I would have given this place 5 stars if they had better service,  five of us were there for brunch one of the orders was wrong, the price of one item was more than what the menu said and they didn't split the bill like we asked them to at the beginning.  I would definitely go back because the food amazing.  Food makes up for the poor service.
We made the reservations for my mom's birthday a month ago from Chicago. The menu we chose was excellent.  The food was excellent.  The location south of the strip, but honestly,  I can say it was worth the drive. I look forward to dining there when I'm back in town.
Great great great!!! Service food everything was amazing.... Filet medallions, dates, the bread is awesome too me an my gf love this place! Great prices
So I would have added some photos- but I ate and drank it all before the thought occurred to me! Anybody that knows tapas in Vegas knows about Firefly- this place is very comparable.  Though slightly pricier, Barcelona offers many of the same dishes that I frequent when I dine at Firefly: stuffed dates, camarones al ajillo and a la diabla, manchego mac 'n  cheese... Their Red Sangria is good, but I have to admit that I do prefer Firefly's.  But the best part- they're so much closer than Firefly (if you live in the Southern Highlands vicinity, that is)!  The staff has always been friendly and prompt each time I've come.  They have a full service bar, and a couple of TVs that always have some game on.  I'd definitely recommend this place for casual dining- lunch or dinner.
We wanted a nice convenient spot with good food, draft beer and decent service [sad that that's not easy to find but I digress]. We'd never been to Barcelona but decided to give it a try. Wow, we've been missing out on a local gem. I had no idea this was a chef owned restaurant, I would have tried it sooner! Friendly, quick service, reasonably priced draft beer and outstanding food. As I sipped my $5 Blue Moon and pondered the menu Viktor brought us some warm toasted bread with honey butter and warm humus (yum). I was already impressed. We wanted to be a little healthy so we had the house salad which is a nice mix of fresh greens, apples, candied walnuts and just the right amount of bleu cheese. Very nice. We also had the bruschetta, chicken tacos (excellent), and shrimp ceviche (best I've ever had, and I've eaten at some fancy celebrity chefs tapas spots on the Strip). Next time I want to try the chicken skewers, the homemade humus and feta, and stuffed piquillo peppers...hopefully that still leaves room for the shrimp ceviche. Don't hesitate to give this little local gem a try.
Great local spot for tapas & sangria. I live around the corner so this is one my family's favorite spots. The Mac & cheese & chorizo stuffed mushrooms are some of our faves. I personally love their fish tacos & sliders. Good for families, happy hour with friends or date night. Every table gives you privacy but also allows you to enjoy the live musical entertainment on the weekends.
I went to this place hoping for some wonderful tasty taps but I was a but disappointed only because it seems to me like they use the same sauce on most of there dishes. I had order the meatballs and stuffed mushrooms and my hubby order the mussels and they all tasted very similar with the same mild red sauce. It was mediocre food but a great happy hour price. We also had the red sangria I strongly suggest not to order it here its like red cheap wine with some simple syrup and fruit juice. But food was prompt and service was on point .
Their fish tacos & chorizo stuffed mushrooms are my favorite dishes!!! The fish tacos are little breaded fried piece of white fish. The coating is so light and flaky. It has a siracha sour cream sauce with a cabbage slaw. Their French fries are awesome too. The service is always on point but can get a little crowded Friday & Saturday nights.
Food is not good, that's basically it. Atmosphere is kind of dark, not comfortable. Service is not great but not bad...I'd probably give it a 3. Back to the food...it just doesn't taste good, it's prepared in a ton of grease and the presentation is not attractive. I stopped going here although I live close by. If my boyfriend ever wants to go which is almost never except there's not much else in the area so sometimes he gives in, I just sit idly by why he eats because I'd rather go to sleep hungry.
I have been here about 6 times and the food has gone downhill with every visit. What a shame, as this place use to be good. The only recommendations I have is the bacon wrapped dates, and the complimentary bread with the butter spreads.  Everything else...meh!! On my last visit, a few months back, I sat at the bar to enjoy a little video poker with a glass of red sangria and some bacon dates, after a long day at work. I did not feel relaxed, as the waiter would not leave me alone because I was not interested in ordering a full meal. After I was done, I cashed out but it was such an ordeal to get my money. They had to call 2 people over, just to give me $12 bucks!! One would think that I had hit a jackpot!! That made me feel uncomfortable.  I would have stayed longer, but the waiter was constantly glancing at my poker playing, and you could tell he wanted to voice his two cents with just about every move I would make with the cards I would keep!! Ugh!! Plus they have weird rules and policies written on a piece of paper tapped by the video machines. Not going back for gaming...that's for sure!! Or the food...
Convenient restaurant in Southern Highlands. We tried several things and they were all good. The salami skewers were yummy, and so were the stuffed mini peppers.
My cousins and I went on the 2nd day that this restaurant was opened for.  We originally had reservations for the new Michael Mina's American Fish restaurant but the kitchen was having problem and ask us if we wouldn't mind trying out Julian Serrano instead & offered a free appetizer.  We decided to try it.

We arrived and they couldn't find our reservations.  However, they sat us since it was only 6pm.  The service was great if you arrive early.  Our server gave us a warning about the paella dish taking 35 mins to make so we ordered it as soon as he said it.  All our food was amazing, especially the spinach, mushroom soup, and scallop.  Everything was great so far, but staff became less attentive when 7pm came.  

We finished all our dishes and the paella was still nowhere to be seen.  By now it had been 45 mins since we ordered.  We saw 3 come out but all going to a different table.  2 going to tables who were sat at least 20 mins after us.  We informed our server and he checked and coming back saying they were having trouble with the rice and itshould be out in a bit.  15 mins passed and still nothing.  By now, we've been sitting without food for 30 mins.  Finally it came at 7:40pm.  

We were all so excited until we took a bite.  The rice was not done!  We told our waiter and he had a manager come over.  He explained to is that they cook the paella al dente and there should be a bite to it.  We explained that we understood what al dente was and this is simply not cooked and is not al dente.  He took our whole dish away and never returned.  Another server came by and we explained that our paella was not cook and that was why we were not eating off our plate so he took them away and said he would look into it.  No one came out and we asked for our check.  They did not take the plate off our bill and they didn't inform us or showed that they were taking any action to correct this.  The chef finally came out after we paid the bill and said that this is the way they cook their paella and was sorry that we didn't like it.  And said he could have another made, but we were no longer in the mmod and did not want to wait for another 35 mins.  It was 8:00pm already.  

I believed they forgot or messed up our order and that was why we waited so long.  And they rushed to get the plate to us so it was not cooked.  And they didn't believe us and said we were wrong to think it was undercooked.  The dished cost $90 for 4 and we expected better service and quality from a place like this.  

I would give the restaurant some time to perfect their craft before coming here again.  We were better off taking chances with Michael Mina kitchen problem instead.  At least we would have known what we were getting into.

PS I was so upset I had to write a review with my iPhone.  Please excuse the typos.  I will correct it as soon as I get a hold of a regular keyboard.
If anyone gives this less than five stars, you better have a really good reason.

Came here with a large group, roughly 11 people. Tapas is difficult with more than 3 of 4 people, but Julian Serrano's staff made it work.

The cocktails are out of this world. Most of the specialty cocktails are $14; I had a gin and apple liquor mix, along with the red sangria, white sangria. Gorgeous.

The wait staff made recommendations for the large group, nobody left hungry, everything looked unbelievably good. I had eaten beforehand - didn't know I was joining for dinner - but I tried a couple of things. The things I tasted were unreal delicious, the prices were fair. I think we spent $1050 for 11 people, including drinks and gratuity.

The group I went with - major foodies - all left extremely happy, full, and raving about it. I left drunk, just as happy, and can't wait to go back. Julian Serrano himself - the namesake of the restaurant - was sauntering around the place all night making sure everybody was taken care of.

Top class, top taste, reasonable prices. Five stars.
Tapas, oh how I love you. Julian Serrano is the best Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas and easily the best tapas I've ever had. Located inside the Aria hotel, its location is near the lobby and just has a half wall separating you from the hordes of people gawking at the beautifully decorated restaurant. This really wasn't detracting, but be prepared for a few flash bulbs in your general direction. It really isn't all that noisy, though, considering its location. 

Our waiter was great and made our experience perfect. I highly recommend the shrimp cheviche. It's well balanced and the fattiness of the avocado is perfect with the citrus-y shrimp. The plain sounded "Beef and Cheese" was a favorite of ours- tender as butter beef tenderloin slathered in beef demi glaise and walnuts with melted brie over toast. Wow. It was perfection. Each dish we sampled was beautiful to the eye and delicious. Our waiter recommended 3-4 dishes a piece which was just right. We had 6 tapas plates and 3 drinks which set us back $102 before tip. Well worth it. 

I tried both sangrias- the red is definitely better than the white which too watery for me. 

I plan to go back for more next time I'm in Las Vegas.
The best meal of my life was at Picasso (Julian Serrano's fine dining establishment at the Bellagio), so I had very high expectations for his restaurant at Aria. I was pleasantly surprised to see him offering a tapas menu here, which makes his cuisine more affordable, in a casual space that opens onto the main lobby area.  Where the food was concerned, Serrano lived up to all my expectations. Four of us shared four dishes as a light lunch - the chicken croquetas, wild mushroom risotto, ahi tuna tempura, and fried calamari - and all were terrific. I just love love love tapas, being able to try a little bit of a lot of dishes, and Serrano's are some of the best I've had (next to Jose Andres's dishes at The Bazaar, in LA). Service was a bit spotty, but I'll cut them some slack since it was only day 4. I'm thrilled to see Chef Serrano offering his immense talent in a more casual, moderately-priced restaurant. It's no Picasso, but for being the "next best thing," it's pretty darn wonderful.
I have MULTIPLE reasons why this place deserves waaay less than 5 stars.  

I wanted to check out the new City Center, so on our way out of Vegas we head over- holy moly, this place is huge!  As we're walking around and trying desperately to find a place to eat, I spot Julian Serrano.  Tapas?  Yum!  So we try it out... (one of my many bad decisions in Vegas...)

It was around 12-1ish (lunchtime), and there weren't too many people seated, but they gave us a table front and center of the entrance.  Not a problem, but that table was rockier than a mountainside!  I told the hostess about the problem, and she quickly alerted the manager, and he came to fix it... with paper... while we were just sitting there.  After a minute or so to no avail, I exasperatingly asked if we could just be moved.  Geez, no brainer, people!!!!!!  NEXT PROBLEM!  Our waitress was slower than molasses.  Took forever to order, forever to get our drinks, her attention, etc... it was a nightmare (maybe her first stint at waitressing? Her shaky hands couldn't even fill our waters without spillage all over the table)!  

Since the area was open space, and it's right next to the entrance/exit to the mall (or maybe the A/C was on waaay too high), but it was FREEZING, which quickly rendered our food cold.  I was a Marisa-sicle and just wanted to get the heck out of there.  Only brightside was that the food was good, but def not worth all of the issues.  By the time I finally found our waitress and asked for our bill (and waited foreverrrrrrr for her to get it to us), we find that she billed us incorrectly.  FOREVER minutes later, her manager finally hands us our corrected bill.  By the end of our lunch I was completely unhappy and cold.  SADFACE.
The food just was not good.  The lobster was chewy and tasteless paired with the worst pieces of pineapple I've ever tasted.  The gambas were meh.  The chicken just wasn't that great.  The pan de machego was okay but how hard is that too mess up?

The portions are super small forcing you to buy many and the prices are not cheap but I didn't expect them to be considering the location.  Service was def okay but like I said to begin with, the food just was not good.
Tapas eating is just the way to go when you want to dry different plates...
We had:
*Brava Potatoes - We would have it again.
*Flat iron steak - We would have this again.
*15 year old Serrano ham - Nice touch with the toasted bread with the ham.
*Shrimp ceviche - Ceviche is always good.
*Mixed Paella - Good, but wished there was more crust/crunch to the top of it.
*Flan - Delish with a strawberry topping.
*Spanish creme brulee - Wish I had the flan instead.
*White Sangria - Non-stop.

Vegas has so many good restaurants.  Perfect place for Christmas because nothing is ever closed.
I make around 4-5 trips to Vegas a year from LA. I have been to many of Las Vegas' newest and finest. This establishment falls very short.

After placing our drink order, our first waiter disappeared. The staff finally caught on, and our "new" waiter stepped in to finally take our order. To our surprise, this young waiter condescendingly insisted on explaining to us how tapas works so we "don't have any questions later."

Allow me to stress how underwhelming the food was once it finally arrived. What's even more laughable is the one dish the staff recommended was by far the most mediocre (lobster on a skewer that was overpowered by a slice of pineapple). 

When it came to dessert, we came to a decision quite quickly. Once again, ignored by the staff for nearly 20 minutes we opted to take the check. When it comes to tapas, Julian Serrano was one of the most disappointing experiences I've ever had. The absurdly rude and neglectful staff made this experience completely inexcusable.
Went here with yelper Evan T so this review might seem redundant, but seriously WTF?
Yes, this place had been open for a mere week before we choose it as our dining destination, but if your gonna open up in Vegas, you better have your shit together. There are tons of casinos/hotels/restaurants doing things the right way, just copy and paste. JS failed to do that.
Three hungry dudes and tapas should have been a perfect match right? Wrong. The food was extremely forgettable, with the worst item being the one recommended to us by our server, the overcooked lobster with canned pineapple skewer.
As unmemorable as the food was, the service is not something I will forget. I am convinced we either never saw our waiter or he wasnt working that night, as the gentleman who we kept having to flag down was gracious enough to take our orders but had to keep reminding us that he was not our waiter. 
20 minutes after being presented with dessert menus someone returned to ask us what we would like. "20 minutes ago we wanted dessert, now we just want the check."
Perhaps this place will work out the kinks over time, but ill let you figure that out since plan never to return.
Oh Boo Hoo eating well in Las Vegas is expensive. Once you get over the sticker shock at every nice restaurant on the Strip it's time to start eating!

On our first night a friend of mine who lives in Vegas wanted to show us Aria since it just opened last week. Visually, Aria has, in my opinion, the most beautiful casino on the strip. And inside Aria is where Julian Serrano is.

First off I love the decor and the chairs, which look 70s modern are really comfortable. Usually I'm more of a plain chair to eat dude, but these were something special.

I looked at the beer list at the back of the wine list and also a beer list on the main menu and they were different. Very strange. They didn't have Weihenstephaner like one menu indicated, but Fat Tire was fine. You'll find FT everywhere in Vegas.

The food:

~Dates with almond centers: Good. Weird spicy red sauce to go with them actually melded well with the dates.

~Chicken croquetas: Loved these. Not sure what part was chicken but they were creamy crispy goddesses i'd eat way more of.

~Seared scallops with a peanut sauce: $12 for one scallop. Ouch. But!, it was really awesome. Barely cooked. Some people might not like that but I did. Probably would pass next time because of the high price and small size.

~Flat Calamari (not fried): The most interesting thing I ate in Vegas! I love calamari, but have never had this part of the squid. There were little baby one which you'll see most places, but then they had what look liked the ends of the tentacles. Not sure what part it was but they were fantastic! A must get for the adventurous eater!

This was my 2nd favorite meal in Vegas. I definitely recommend it. Go with a lot of people to try everything on the menu.
We only sat at the bar and had a couple plates before going to see a show, but I was really pleased with the experience.

The bartender was very friendly and attentive.  He was very knowledgeable about tequila. The white sangria was delicious and fruity without being overly sweet.

The pan con manchego was absolutely perfect - great country bread, just the right amount of garlic and tomato, and very high quality manchego and olive oil. It was very satisfying.  

The bartender recommended the wrinkled potatoes, which were deliciously salty boiled new potatoes with a delightful spicy dipping sauce.  The sauce was very flavourful and had the right amount of kick.

Prices were very reasonable and portions were adequate, given that its a tapas place.  Please run around $6-$8 for the lighter fare, and paella closer to $15 (I think) . Tons of great veggie options, which is rare in Vegas.

I'll definitely go back for a full meal in the future.
I'd love to attribute the awful service to the fact that the restaurant had only been open 10 days, but some things are just inexcusable. We experienced the unfortunate combination of a condescending (yes, I know what tapas-style means for the third time) and nonexistent waitstaff. One guy was trying to cover for the fact the our assigned waiter was a total flake, but the whole place seemed to be flustered and did not seem to care about the 3 young dudes with Yelp accounts that were actually excited to eat this meal. Maybe we weren't gonna drop a large amount of dough on multiple rounds of cocktails, or order the overpriced paellas that I witnessed them misplace on multiple other tables, but please show us the same respect and attention you gave these other Las Vegas tourists. Well you didn't and I came away remembering a lot less about the food than I would've, which is a damn shame because I am pretty sure I ate some pretty good stuff while I was there. For a hotel that has multiple fine dining options, go somewhere else where you can hopefully find service that is up to par with the food and price.
what a rip-off! everything is small portion and overprice. dinner for us 2 wa 190.00 without alcohol. the decoration was beautiful and surrounded by large crowd of golddiggers.
holy shit this place was bad. i dont mind the weird service since i think all the aria stuff is new...like our server asked us about dessert at dish 2 of 5. huh? but good god, the food! i am a walking garbage disposal. i will eat things even if they are bad or spoiling. :P but we had the tempura ahi and we each took one bite of the 2 pieces and stopped. 2 pieces of old-tasting ahi and i could not finish it. u know why??? cuz i had to eat the entire plate of bad octopus. chewy, salty, smelly octopus. there's more bad stuff but i dont like writing novels...
First of all, Julian Serrano is one of the best chefs in the world - period.  You probably haven't had the pleasure of eating at Picasso at the Bellagio because it's so expensive (and worth every penny), but now you can enjoy the chef's great taste at less of a price at his new namesake restaurant at Aria.  You can tell that each one of the tapas and paella dishes are made with care and each morsel is delicious.  My family and I went for a taste and we couldn't stop ordering!  The sangria is great, too, but watch out - it can hit you.  The restaurant is also beautiful with glass pieces on the floor to ceiling shelves, gold detailing and rich colors.  Stay for a bite or stay for a while - you're sure to have a great time.
Being the food-crazed person that I am, I perused the menu extensively before making reservations for my husband and I for NYE. We even half way picked out what we were going to have before arriving (yup, I'm food obsessed). I was beyond psyched to try the lobster/pineapple and ahi tuna/raspberry. 

Drink orders were taken after 20 minutes. Drink orders were forgotten. Service was pretty damn bad in general. Also I did experience the issue the other person faced where they kept asking about dessert after 10 minutes with our first course (WTF)? These things I can forgive them for, given it's a new place. 

The guy finally takes our food order, and after taking the order says "well we're out of lobster, tuna, and scallops". WTF. It's 5:30, we're literally one of the first diners of the evening. He doesn't offer an explanation (mb the supplier flaked?), or an apology. Just "we're out of half the menu" essentially. I'm more than a little irritated, as these were the items I was most excited about. 

Why 3 stars? The food we did try was really good. 

*Risotto with mushrooms and manchego: Tiny (it's tapas), but DAMN Good. I was scraping the plate. 
*Beef with brie: Note, this has honey and nuts all over it. I found it scrumptious, but mb the idea of a honey covered steak doesn't appeal to everyone!
*Mini Chorizo over garlic potatoes: yup as good as it sounds
*Garlic shrimp: Boring. This was a sad substitute for my lobster I wanted.. grrr
*Spanish creme brulee - HUGE and quite good
*White Sangria - packs a punch.. there might be 2 hours of NYE that I can't remember and I blame this sangria!

Overall it has major potential, but my first dinner here was a bit of a disappointment. I'm excited we have a high-end tapas place finally, so I'll definitely be back to give it another shot but I'll probably give them a few months to get the kinks worked out.
The only other restaurant in the Aria Casino that opens for lunch besides their cafe and buffet place. Julian Serrano serves great tapas items. And with Tapas, each dish is smaller but cheaper, anywhere from $8-$20 per plate. If you are not that hungry or usually don't eat too much, you can spend $30 and be quite full. 
Recommended dish: flat iron steak (super tasty and moist), dates stuffed with goat cheese wrapped in bacon (4 pieces per serving), fried calamari (great aioli sauce), and to indulge, order the mix paela (comes with a whole lobster) for $45. The menu says it is for 2 people, but  should be enough for 4 people unless that is the only dish you ordered.
Serrano is an excellent choice in Vegas.  I would even pay more for it given the quality of the food.  My boyfriend and I liked it so much that after eating dinner there, we ate lunch there the next day.  There are not many nice lunch options in the Aria and therefore lunch is definitely more packed than dinner.  For better or for worse, Serrano is near the entrance of Aria and therefore in a busy section. Food comes over quickly so if you need to get to a show quickly or get your gambling on Serrano is a good bet.
Service was friendly and efficient.
Sangria was decent, but the real star is the great food. In general, I liked the traditional tapas more than the new tapas.
We particularly liked:
Stuffed peppers with goat cheese: Ok this is the real reason we came back again. A must try. Just perfect.
Chicken croquetas: These were excellent. Crispy on the outside and creamy inside. Melts in your mouth delicious. 
Dates with almond: Good stuff. Comes with bacon and spicy sauce. But really everything with dates is good.
Tuna Tiradito-smooth like butter
Octopus: Nice texture and flavoring. Large portion for tapas.
Wrinkled potatoes: Simple, but addictive with great spicy pepper sauce.
Beef with brie: Good, but not the best thing on menu. 
Garlic shrimp: Comes to the table sizzling. Very good, but I've been spoiled by some places in NY.
Avocado and salmon "new" tapas: nice texture and presentation.
Lobster/pineapple skewer: Surprisingly good combo.
Ahi Tuna/raspberry skewer: I like this, but the beautiful raspberries overpower the tuna.
Crema catalana -Huge portion. I thought it was for 2 people. Spanish version of creme brulee, but better with more zest.

Pricing here is quite reasonable...which means you can go there twice!
Went there on 1/8/09 for lunch. I thought I was in for a big surprise and what it turned out to be was a big nightmare. Service was good but the food was awful. Ordered all the ceviches and out of the 5 only two were good. The other 3 smelled like rotten fish and tasted horrible. Also ordered the Paella Marinera. Wow what a disappointment! No flavor what so ever. Downright tasteless. Would not go there ever again.
Went to Julian Serrano the Friday after New Year's Eve. Had many menu items- green apple salad, chorizo, dates, calamari, ahi tuna, and the pasta paella just to name a few. The food was tolerable, I definitely will not go back.  I was given complimentary Spanish lessons in the bathroom but had to beg to have my water refilled. The ambiance was wonderful (although no one could figure out how to put on the Lakers game...?).
Our last meal in Vegas found us walking into Julian Serrano out of sheer convenience.  If you've read any of my reviews at ARIA, you'll know that I couldn't wait to leave, much less rush back to my room after an uninspiring massage to check out and leave my bags with the porter because they were "unable" to extend an additional hour to me to enjoy the spa facilities after my treatment.

Anyhow, we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of our meal and service at Julian Serrano.  We noticed that a different server brought out each of the dishes, and our drinks were replenished immediately.  (Managers seemed friendly, courteous and comfortable, not uptight and angry-looking like others around the hotel.)  Spanish tapas are quite different from, say, Italian preparations.  So, one should not disparage the Pan Manchego and expect chunky bruschetta.  The Pan Manchego was a perfect start with excellent flavor.  In fact, pretty much everything we ordered was excellent.  The gazpacho came with the vegetables chopped up and elegantly arranged in a bowl, over which the waiter then poured the puréed tomato base (again, not chunky as we might be used to).  Tuna tiradito was nice, but very small portioned.  Hubby asked the waitress if there were live octopi in the back because the dish we had was the freshest and most tender pieces we've ever had.  I've already forgotten what else we ordered, but I do remember the luscious chocolate cake, which was molten in the middle and paired with a mango sorbet.  Nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary, but a simple and good ending to the meal.  What a relief to have experienced this finally during our stay.  If only the rest of the ARIA resort was operating at this level...
Went here Dec 31 last year for lunch. The place was extremely crowded, and it was very hard to get a table without any reservation. Bar seats are available on first-come first-serve basis. We were lucky to get our seats at the bar within 20 minutes. 

After we got the seats, it took us another 15 minutes before a waiter came to approach us. Slow service, but it could be because the place was so totally new and disorganized.

We order 4 dishes and sangrias. Grilled baby squids, charcutterie platter, spanish omellete (or pizza?), and mushroom risotto.
Grilled baby squids tastes fresh and well seasoned. The portion is a bit small. (B+)
Spanish omellete is very good. Tasty and the portion is decent. (A-)
Charcutterie is overrated and overpriced for the price that is charged. The meat is sliced so paper thin and the ham is dry that I barely can taste what it is supposed to be like. The chorizo is the only salvation in this dish. (B-)
Mushroom risotto is quite good, but again, the portion is pretty small. (B)
Sangria is good, but a bit on the pricier side. (B)

Service is B because although it is slow, our waiter is quite friendly and attentive after he notices us.

Hence, I can only give 3 stars for this restaurant.
Julian Serrano is an upscale tapas bar that is wonderful. Food is pretty traditional but the presentation takes it to the next level.  Portions are pretty small even for tapas but worth the money.  Standouts included the chicken croquetas, the shrimp ceviche, and squid.  One or two items i felt were a tad short of salt but were still good.  Service was great as well.
stopped in for lunch last week.  service was terrible!!!
the server wasnt able to answer basic questions about the food,  he actually gave wrong answers that lead us to order certain things, that then came out as something not expected,  he didnt even offer to take it away for something else since he screwed up!
when the food was delivered it was just dropped at the table, no explanation at all of what it was. they have alot of work ahead, kind of sad, seeing the manager is the old GM from Alex at wynn!
the food was decent, but not great,  there were highs and lows. we had close to 20 small plates for the group of us, and most was mediochre,  the patatas bravas were the best thing we had.
bill came to 250 plus tip for lunch, with no wine/alcohol,  just food and couple of iced teas.
i would go back in a few months to see if its worked out but otherwise not worth it!!
We stopped by for a quick bite for lunch and sat at the bar.

We started off with the sangrias and decided to go with the little ham charcuterie plate.

The sangrias are DELICIOUS. They gave us a little sample of each so we could decide which one to get.. but they were both so good that we decided to get one of each. 

The charcuterie plate was wonderful too. It came with toasted bread, the delicious thinly sliced ham and a lovely tomato olive oil puree-type dipping sauce. The flavors were just right.

Also loved the decor...

Looking forward to coming here again to try their croquettes, etc. :)
i had no qualms with service, but i swear the food standards in vegas must be plummeting. the tapas had potential to be good...but that just wasn't enough. there just wasn't anything memorable about the food--taste, modern twist, nothing. :(
This is one of the very best Spanish restaurants we have ever eaten in anywhere in the United States, and certainly rates with some of the better places we've been to in Spain!  We went for dinner (tapas), and everything was phenomenal!  The stuffed dates are so tasty (sweet, crunchy, and salty all at the same time ... and fried to boot!), the fried piquillo peppers were just sooooo good, we wolfed down the whole plate!  The bacalao croquettes (a special) were the most airy and tasty we've had in years, and the deconstructed mediterranean seafood stew was absolutely sublime!  And of course, the Pata Negra Jamon Iberico - well, if you know Pata Negra, enough said!   Pair all that with an outstanding bottle of Alion Ribera del Duero and you have the makings of one fantastic dinner!

 Our only dings: the coco chorizo was a disappointment, and they didn't serve bread on the table.  But, hey, who bats 1000?

The service was very good, eventhough it was quite busy, and our sommelier was especially helpful and friendly.

If you like Spanish food (heck, if you like food), do yourself a favor and visit Julian Serrano ... but be sure to have your credit card ready!
Came her with a business partner on a recent trip.  The lamb chop was delicious - specifically the aioli sauce they put with it!  I also got the potatoes with an aioli sauce.  It was also good but the sauce they put on the lamb chop was better.

My business partner loved the beef and cheese dish.  The service was very friendly and quick and the atmosphere was very calming.  

The sangria was just ok but I was impressed that they had white and red sangria. 

Dessert is a must try!  We shared the rice pudding and it was the most unique rice pudding I have ever had.  I would definitely come back.

The only downside is that the prices are kind of sttep but that's expected in Vegas.
Me and some girls from the wedding party came in for lunch and since I wanted to watch football, we sat at the bar.  I try to read some of the other reviews prior to adding my own - we had no issues with service but I think that is often the case at the bar. I can't remember the girls name but she was a doll.  Yes, she reminded us what tapas are / portion size and that items just come out when ready.  

I had to search around for a website with a menu because I cannot for the life of me recall what we ate other than pure goodness.  I think this guy did a GREAT post with pics and the menu...you might wanna check this out before going.  I didn't pick this place so I had no idea what to expect.  I'm ok with that, but some people are NOT.  http://www.kevineats.com/2009/12/julian-serrano-las-vegas-nv.htm 

There were three of us and we ordered
*white ceviche yum 
*scallop ceviche - good but I could have skipped
*ahi tuna tempura - Yes! Good size piece of ahi. 
*tuna-raspberry skewer - looked pretty, tasted good
*cheese platter - cheese is my FAVORITE food...but it was just cheese, skip if you need the room. Go for it, if you're nervous about new foods
*stuffed piquillo peppers - heaven!! Red pepper with goat cheese? I could have seriously  had minimum 4 orders of this item!
*pan manchego - this was GREAT - really bad sounding description but the "fresh tomato sauce" was more chunky tomato than sauce and it was the perfect amount of wetness on the bread...like soggy but not gross soggy, perfect. Just get it...it's awesome
*beef and cheese - good.

We did have cocktails but since we were at the bar I saw they had a great selection of spirits.  We did get two desserts the server recommended....I didn't think they were fabulous but the meal was so good I didn't mind.  Skip dessert and get the gelato in Aria.

We discussed going back, the meal was that good.  It is definitely not cheap. It was worth it! Check this place out - sit at the bar!
I think this could have been closer to 3.5 but I rounded down...it just seemed appropriate given our experience there.

Hubby and I stopped by their first weekend open and in what I hope are just growing pains (and they better grow fast), we had a pretty unimpressive experience.

We wanted a snack so we dropped in during their "snack" hour (2pm to 5pm?).  From the distance, we noted a few people get a table but we also saw that it wasn't busy at all so we excitedly rushed over.  Little did we know frustration and disappointment would ensue.  

First thing we were told was that there was to be no seating at the tables.  Only bar and that's first come first serve.  The hostess was a non-nonsense (read: not nice) Eastern European lady who couldn't give a rat's ass if we ate there or not. Well, as luck would have it, there was no available bar seating.  Mean Hostess went away and thankfully a nicer (but no less helpful one) came by.  

She ran to the other side of the restaurant and came back saying that they were "cleaning off a table for us" and would be ready momentarily.  Really?  Because Mean Hostess just told us there's no table seating, I thought.  Flash forward 10 minutes - there was no cleaning activity of any kind.  Lies!!  Nice Hostess had disappeared and Mean Hostess was back.

After waiting about 10 more minutes, some people finally got up and left so we ran over to the bar.  Nice Hostess was standing by to direct us to the seats that WE FOUND OURSELVES.  Yeah, where's our "table"? lady?  

We were sorely mistaken that service would pick up as soon as we were seated.  Silly us.  We finally got our drink orders in but shame on us for not putting in our food order along with it because...well, we should have.  It took a while longer.  Hubby went with a diet coke and I went with their white sangria which could have been fresher.

One look at the menu and I could see that the experience would be (should be) similar to that of eating at The Bazaar in Los Angeles.  Except...they were "out" of the first three things I tried to order.  The deconstructed seafood stew was just basically seafood spread out on a fancy plate.  The most memorable dish I would have to say was the cheese platter, three Spanish cheeses served with quince paste and some over-charred bread.

I have to say that usually I could get over a long wait or frustrating seating experience if the food is worth it.  It wasn't...and hubby and I left Julian Serrano $80 poorer for a not-great snack.  Maybe we'll go back when the Yelp rating is at least 4 stars.

Here's the final jab in our heart...as we left, they were seating a couple at a table rather than making them wait forever for a bar seat.
I ate here on a slow Thursday evening with my girlfriend.  The restaurant has a beautiful and elegant interior, but it's open to one of the main Aria throughways, and that makes it feel kind of casual, like a swanky airport lounge.

We were seated right away, but at a table next to a serving station, so we had waiters loitering by us most of the time.  I hate that.  Our drinks, an Estrella and a white sangria, came right away.  Once we ordered, the plates came out in rapid succession.  I highly recommend the potatoes brava, tuna tiradito, spanish charcuterie platter and sautéed spinach.  I do not recommend the lobster croquetas (off-menu) or coca chorizo.  I also had a mixed bag of mixed olives.  We skipped dessert, opting instead to stroll over to Jean Philippe.  I can never fill up on tapas for some reason, but I left satisfied, and it was a good way to start the vacation.
We headed to City Center for a late dinner before heading out to the clubs for the evening, and picked Julian Serrano because they had vegetarian options on the menu for me.  I have to admit, I was mildly disappointed in our experience at Julian Serrano.  We ordered the mushroom soup, Tortilla Espanola, Shrimp Ceviche, chicken skewers, eggplant/peppers, and mixed Paella (lobster, chorizo, chicken).  The paella was pretty good, but I have definitely had better...for $40, I was expecting it to blow my mind.  The other items were just okay.  The décor was great, the service was excellent, and their menu and wine list looked promising...but frankly, I have had tapas that were ten times better at my favorite dive tapas bar here in San Francisco, for about a third of the price.  

I probably wouldn't come running back here the next time I was in Vegas, unless someone else was paying.
We came for a late dinner on a Thursday night and were blown away.  Everything we had was amazing and the prices were really not that bad (at least for a fancy dinner in Vegas).  Total came to just over $100 for two people with one cocktail each.  We shared six plates and that was a decent amount of food.  Our favorites were the grilled flat calamari, chicken croquetas, creamy risotto, and the spanish cheese plate.  One of the best meals I've had in a long time!
Nice contemporary setting that is classy but also casual feeling since it's very open and there's a lot of foot traffic passing by.  

Items I enjoyed in no particular order: codfish fritters, scallop ceviche, and huevas estrellados (greasy goodness, perfect hangover food!). 

A few I did not: wrinkled potatoes (various pieces were undercooked), stuffed dates, and sangria that was severely watered down and therefore seemed like a poor value.

Also had the pata negra.  At $30 for a serving size less than a ghetto Carl Buddig pack (mmm Carl Buddig), I expected to have some sort of culinary revelation.  Instead it was tasty but I have to say I was underwhelmed.  But maybe I just don't know how to enjoy pata negra. I'm not going to pass judgment though on this particular pata negra until I have the chance to try it elswhere.  

Overall, a good meal with some highs and lows. Reasonably priced by vegas standards.  They haven't even been open a month and it's likely they will improve.  I'd consider it a 3.5* with potential.  I'm eager  to come back and give it another shot down the road.
Highly anticipated (by me), rather disappointed in execution.

I need to stop falling for the chicken croquettes! They are NOT the same as what you get in Spain.  Bland and not cheezy.  They were identical to the ones I had at Bazaar in LA.

The best dish was their risotto with mushrooms and manchego.  The calamari dish (small whole squid) was juicy and tender.

The deconstructed seafood stew, lobster skewers with pinapple and the coco chorizo were all severely disappointing - really unmemorable, boring items.
Took employee, her husband and a business associate with me on Friday night.  Vegas is clearly still hurting as I called and was told no reservations were necessary.  We were seated when we arrived.  The food was good - definitely on the small side in terms of proportions but they had a nice variety of spanish food including a version of something I've never seen outside of Spain called Huevos Estrellados.  In Madrid they have Huevos Rotos which is over-easy eggs on top of potato chips with serrano jamon in the mix.  This used french fries instead but it was a tasty throw-back.  I'm not a seafood eater but enjoyed sampling some of the seafood dishes including the calamari and the scallops.  Pork chop was a tad on the rare side but had great flavor and the stuffed dates with piquilllo pepper sauce and the piquillo peppers themselves were both delicious (hard to go wrong when stuffed with cheese).  This is definitely not tapas from Spain but the food was good.

All in all a fun, social meal with good presentation.  City Center itself is stunning.  Not the best value for the money (we spent $209 after tax/tip on four with just one glass of wine and one cocktail) but it does slot in between casual casino dining and really high end restaurants.

One irritation - the plates have kind of a raise in the rim on them which makes setting down your knife/fork impossible.  Form over function fail!
Great modern yet casual tapas restaurant.

Be sure to be seated in the back, as it is more private and plush.  The seating infront of the bar at the front of the restaurant feels like you are eating in the casino and you are on display to everyone walking by.

The cocktails are well conceived, though the pear ginger julip, which sounded great, was very sweet.  Serving it in a taller glass with more ice or adding a splash of club soda would make it perfect.  I later switched to the red sangria, which was much better and half the price.

I must have sampled a dozen tapas plates, most of them based on the waitor's recommendation (our waitor Stefan was great server and very accomodating), and almost all of them were very good.  The only let down was the beef filet which was a bit tough and over done and needed more seasoning.

My favorite plates were the crispy calamari, ceviche, chicken croquettas, lobster skewers with pineapple gellé, ahi skewers with raspberry gellé.  Be sure to end your dinner with dessert as they all sound very good.

I would definitely dine again here.
Not at all what I was expecting.  

Expensive for the portion sizes.  

Potatoes undercooked.  

Shrimp ceviche giant, completely raw chunks.  Obviously marinated with lime to order.  I liked it, but the others in my crew nearly hurled.  

Chicken croquetas disgusting, livery tasting, dry.  

Best thing we had was the apple-manchego salad.  Paella overcooked, mushy, bland.  

Desserts weak.  Chocolate lava cake?  Really?  They serve those @ Domino's Pizza now.  

The local critics have been giving Serrano the courtesy reach-around for years.  I don't know why.  Picasso's menu hasn't changed since they opened.  The food there is served almost banquet-style.  Same veg and piped mashed potatoes I was served at my brother's wedding in 1993 at the Marriott.

Skip this place.   Go to Firefly*.
Nice ambience. Cool place to hang out. I liked their selection of tapas but expensive.  The food was good. We went here for lunch and we're seated right a way. We also had an excellent waitress/server.
This place was okay. It's a beautiful restaurant in Aria but the food was average. I came here the night after the grand opening so they were still "practicing". The lobster paella was overpriced, and uncooked, They state it's suppsoed to be that way, aldente, but does that mean I should be able to see the white uncooked portion of the rice grain and tasting gritty? uhm, don't think so. But you can't go wrong with the cheese and serrano ham. THe warm octopus dish was probably the best. I didn't like the sangria.
We shared a couple of apps & drinks at the bar.  The red & white sangria were good, but I prefer the red sangria at Firefly.  Seafood ceviche was very nice & fresh (prepared right in front of us).  The stuffed dates with piquillo pepper sauce were tasty as well.  I would have liked to try more plates, but had to save room for our dinner at Sage later.  Overall a nice experience & we will be back.
Everything was great, I especially liked the lobster tail with molecular pineapple and the beet salad. The Sangria tasted like it does in Spain.
Atmosphere was louder and more casual than I expected. If I lived in Vegas this would be a great place to go to have a few drinks and a snack.
I had a really nice time. The food was a little better than I expected which is a plus! We sat at the bar and the bartender was working hard, serving a lot of people while maintaining drinks and positive personality too. I would like to go back for more.
We had really hoped to be more impressed. It's not that the food isn't okay... it's split. Some of the tapas plates are worth the $10-14 cost... half are not... (and all portions are skimpy).
For two people, you order 7-8 tapas.. so there's $50 bucks of your meal that will be for just ok food... sorry that's just not good enough... (at what should be a top notch Strip restaurant).
With a $50 bottle of unimpressive wine, you'll be in for $150 plus tax and tip.
Will you be drawn back for a second try... maybe you'll remember the pluses over the shortcomings.. don't think we will though.
Overpriced tapas in extremely small portions in my opinion. But if you want to indulge in a few bites of Spanish food before heading out to the Vegas clubs, this place will do. 
Try the world famous ham~ it was definitely the most delicious item on the menu, and we tried just about everything on it.
This is the third Tapas Bar I've been to in Vegas and I was quite disappointed; Julian Serrano is mediocre in my books and Firefly is still #1 to me. The Mister and I came for a Valentine's Day brunch since we had $75 credit from the Aria Hotel, if it weren't for that reason I doubt we would have eaten here. 

Service that day was kind of off; we didn't know who our server was since we had over five different people helping us. And when we needed to order more drinks and tapas no one was around to take our order; so we had to ask the Host to help us out and of course he apologized for the rest of the staff that wasn't around. 

As for food, we ordered:

-----------------------------------------------------------

Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas - $9 
Bravo Potatoes - $8 
Seared Scallop - $12 
Lobster Pineapple Skewers - $14
Stuffed Dates - $8
Marinated Garlic Chicken and Mushroom Skewers - $9 
Coca Chorizo - $10

-----------------------------------------------------------

None of these items stood out to me, they were all very average tasting just like any other typical tapas bar. The only item that was amazing was the Lobster Pineapple Skewers, it had a lot flavor, and the texture of the cooked pineapple gave the skewer itself a nice twist to the lobster piece - the sauce, the seasoning, everything was perfect, it was so good that we even ordered an extra one.
I signed up JUST so i could write this review....i LOVED this spot.
I stayed at the Aria this weekend and this was the restaurant my boyfriend and I picked to try. We have had horrible luck with restaurants in the past and this one broke our streak! 
The place is beautiful. I got the white Sangria which was fantastic. You can watch some of the tapas being prepared at the bar. The food was phenomenal. If you like sushi you have to try the Tuna & Molecular Raspberry...the tuna was really fresh with a hint of wasabi then the raspberry cools down your mouth and adds such a wonderful flavor. 
Other dishes I highly recommend:
Seafood Civiche, Lobster & Molecular Pineapple, Fresh Oysters
Our bill for the two of us with drinks, food, and dessert only came out to $100 which was a lot better than I thought it would be!
My only complaint would be that it's a little noisy and the tables for two are long enough that it's hard to hear someone talk. However, I will end with the fact that I will be craving this place till my next trip to Vegas.
Modern lines, textures, colours. Un Vegas as is the hotel it is located within, the Aria. Sleek without being cold. Service as any serious restuarant in this city has to be. Good. 
Tapas from the country where it was created.  Small bites, small plates. BIG flavours. 7 chosen to share as every meal shoud be. 
Huevos Estrellados disappointing. Egg was perfect. Potatoes aka pommes frites? No.Call them what they are: french fries. Greasy. Salty. Chorizo. Should have been real potatoes, diced, sliced, scalloped anything but french fries! 
Chacuterie unimpressive. Greasy(again). Only the toast points were acceptable here. Daniel Bolud's chacuterie far, far superior in taste and quality(DB Modern Bistro in Vancouver). Here it failed the celeb chef's reputation.
Now the stars. 
Anchovy over red pepper and crunchy bread. Smooth, refreshing.
Chicken croquettes. Could have doubled that order. Deliciously conversation stopping. 
Striped Bass. Crispy skin, firm flesh. tasteee. Much mumbling of praise.
Sauted Baby Spinach. Hey ya got to have yer greens and these were done just the right side of raw.
Lamp chop. Not gamey. Rich. Tender
Sangria served in a double walled tumbler to keep melting ice cubes from diluting the mix of red wine and fruits. Nice touch.
3.5 stars for 1st  visit.  Worth a repeat visit? Yep.
The best tapas I've ever eaten, and I've been to Spain!

-Brava potatoes: In interesting take using fingerlings, delicious.
-Creamy Risotto: The most flavorful, rich risotto ever, a star on the menu!
-Pan Manchego: Toasty bread with melty manchego, so so.
-Marinated olives: A tasty steal at $3.
-Chicken croquetas: Eh, so-so, wouldn't get again.
-Tuna & Molecular Raspberry: The bomb! The raspberry melted into the tuna and exploded into lusciousness
Not absolutely horrible, but not great either.  The tapas are lackluster and left a lot to be desired.  The Gambas was simply poached shrimp in a nearly flavorless butter sauce, the Pan Manchego was a disappointment, as was the Mix Paella - way too much saffron which made the dish seem metallic.  

We also had the wrinkled potatoes which were simply just a bowl of small baked potatoes with a dipping sauce - the sauce was good! 

We left "underwhelmed" and uninspired.   There are too many good spots in Vegas, won't waste my time going here again...
Very mediocre.  I have had tapas at many places before....local neighborhood joints and very high-end authetic tapas restaurants.  This was expensive and just not that good.  With each dish that came out, I was hoping wouldbe better, but that was not the case.

Attentive service, but no sense of timing at all.

The dining room is very nice, but as is typical in Las Vegas, it is filled with too many loud people in sweat pants.  

And, what's with the flat screen TVs.  A beautiful art glass wall, punctuated with a TV.  More Vegas, I guess.  Unfortunate. 

Not worth the $200 per couple.
Just left Julian Serrano.....did not like it.....Had fried calamari, potatoes, steak, scallop, croquet, shrimp, risotto, mushroom soup.  The steak was the best thing there....portions and flavor were lacking on everything else...the risotto wasn't cooked properly...service was good to a fault...they kept trying to clear the table....and the place was 75% empty,so it's not like they needed to turn the table.
Server was very nice.  Restaurant is nice....
They go by JS.... but as my son put it, instead of Julian Serrano, they should call it Just So-so,,,,,,really did not taste like a $100 meal....
The food here is killer.  Its get super packed:: so make reservations.  Its a tapas type menu, which means try one of each.  My favorite was the brava potatoes.  Very interesting dishes....
I'm not a tapas fanatic (didn't care for them much in Spain either) but I found this to be the best tapas I've had to date. Trendy business clientele matches bar or table seating, excellent quick service, and no wait to be seated (Tues evening). The restaurant, though, was packed.

The place is expensive IMO for tapas (~8-14$ per plate) but for Vegas, not unreasonable.

We ordered for 2 people:
Pork chop: excellent, would order again
Grilled eggplant with onion and red pepper: savory and goes well with baguette; we ordered extra bread bc the one slice wasn't enough
Grilled peppers: simply seasoned w/ salt and olive oil; light
Mixed seafood ceviche: refreshing, goes well with the red onion slices, corn, and fruit
Tuna tartar: Asian inspired; pass
Wild mushroom soup with foie gras cream: as expected; pass 

Beautiful presentation, and decently filling (but not heavy) food. Overall quality was good, simple, but not memorable. 

The last star in my review is expressly for our waiter-- he was EXCELLENT. Never had to look for him, he was always 2 steps ahead of us, quick, efficient, & pleasant to talk to.
I actually give this place a 3 1/2. I like the set up of the restaurant, very inviting and right at the main lobby of Aria.  Service was just okay for us. We ordered a pitcher of the white sangria, which was refreshing, but after a couple of sips I wished we would've ordered the red instead. Our table split a number of tapas dishes and a mixed paella as well.  The paella was pretty good and a great portion. I really have no complaints. I did think they were okay priced for Vegas, but the portions weren't that great - which isn't really surprising I guess. Scallops were good, potatoes were okay and the lobster pineapple skewers were a bit disappointing to me.  The desserts were good though! That's what I remember from this visit, so I guess it wasn't too memorable either.
I'm not a big tapas fan. I just don't understand how you expect hungry people to "share" mere peasant morsels of food. But my friends dig it, so my boyfriend and I went to the Aria and ate here. Yum Yum Yum. The mixed seafood ceviche was great, and the calamari was tasty and fresh (not overfried like most places.) I highly recommend the beef and cheese, it was my favorite, as well as the tuna-raspberry!!! The sangria was only OK...too much ice. The service was great though they constantly were confusing our plates. I wouldn't go there starving as I see no point in sharing a dish that really only feeds one, maybe two. The ambiance is modern, chic, and open. We had a lot of fun.

A hundred times better than Firefly and a thousand times better in value than Cana Latina in Town Square. I still can't over THAT rip off.
It was a Saturday night, my LV partner-in-crime and I were in the Aria Hotel, and decided to dine at Julian Serrano after reviewing the menu. Truth be told, since this resto name somewhat resembles mine (as people have mispronounced and called me by this name along with others- ask me about if you're interested), dining here was really a no-brainer. hah! With no reservations, we chanced it and apparently lady luck was on our side, as there was no wait. 

The warm colors of the restaurant looked so inviting. Here's a pic of the bar area, taken with my iPhone http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=0OlrsQnQXZSPeD5NFJMvmA
From our table, here's a shot of the entire restaurant http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=GblIBlQF3t_da6M1L-zYbw

Everything on the menu looked so delicious, so we ordered (and pics credit go to my girl, Li):
- Beet Salad: Roasted and oh so beetalicious! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=758bzflJcsXww0Lrl4dYeA

- Beef with Brie: Tender pieces, with brie, (one of my fav cheeses). Oh Mylanta, such a digalicious combo, and with walnuts on top, and the savory sauce was divine! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=ILrElkjFRWwhzXsjWWQ8xA

- Striped bass: Fresh fish, cooked to perfection. Delish! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=z4xiwtEsBVbf-jFhDgX7AA

- Creamy Risotto with Mushrooms and Manchego: Mouth watering deliciousness, and so rich, creamy, and cheesey goodness!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=bJAq88XYZOcUhvlGSTUkuA

- Pan Manchego: Spanish Toast with roasted tomato and garlic paste with melted Manchego cheese. All I have to say is mas pan, mas pan! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=HLxPDvdXAqwLErnnHtCVdw

-Chocolate Cake: Chocolate molten cake, which rivals my favorite chocolate souffle at Roy's Hawaiian restaurant. Combined with mango sorbet, and I was in dessert heaven with these two loves of mine.
 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=Igp440NlqPIVtgwWajkFfw

While we feasted so well, our beverages were refreshing white sangria (para mi) and red sangria (para mi amiga), and later had very 'brave' coffee. We needed the caffeine jolt, as it was only the beginning of a very fun and memorable night out.

Que bueno, Julian Serrano! Beautiful interior, efficient service, reasonable prices, and wonderful food. This is a great restaurant for a date, a small or big group of friends, and perfect for getting the night started off right in Sin City! Viva Las Vegas!!
When the Aria opened my friends and I were given $200 for four people to spend on food.  Now I love tapas and I'm well aware of their portions and prices, but I found this place pretty ridiculous.  Everything was super small and overpriced.  We passed on the wine because we wanted to try more of the food, but really it was just disappointing.   

Here are some of the dishes that we ordered:
Lobster Pineapple Skewers 
Muscles
Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquettes 
Seared Scallop 
Creamy Risotto
Marinated Garlic Chicken and Mushroom Skewers 

Of these dishes that only ones that stood out were the scallops and the muscles but both were tiny and not mind blowing.

Also for a restaurant in Vegas you would think that the service would be great but instead they messed up two of our orders.  Also for a half full restaurant they kept overlooking our table and it took us 20 minutes just to get the check.  

Fortunately we had the vouchers to spend and perhaps our experience was because they had just opened when we went, but I'm sure I won't be going back.
Love tapas... almost everything we ordered was good, but boy are the portion sizes teeny tiny!  We ordered over 20 items for four of us.  Each tapa is really made for just two people, so with four of us, we had to cut it into fours.  The prices are prettty steep for the amount of food you get.  Service was excellent though!  Definitely a must try, but if you have a big appetite and are a big eater, you'll need to spend a hefty penny to get full!
The food here is a little pricy but not steep enough that you should shy away from some amazing flavors. We stopped by this place while we were checking out the new city center and walked out very happy with the $160 something we spent for two people for 4 to 5 tapas like entrees, one main dish that we shared and two drinks.  You can easily get away with spending less if you just split an order of paella for two but the wife and I wanted to get a good sampling.  The seafood soup deconstruction and creamy risotto is a must.  So is the ahi tempura.  The ham that they dubbed the best ham in the world at $28 an order is easily bested by costco prusciutto, avoid avoid avoid.  The red sangria deeeelicious and strong.  The white sangria not so much.
At lot of attitude and bad food? No thanks.

There's a vicious cycle when it comes to making assumptions about your patrons. You think, 'they look young and they ordered tap water. I bet they aren't going to spend much money here. I am going to ignore them." Well you know what happens when you never see your waiter again and have to order through managers all night? You get a bad tip.

We ordered some sangria, the red, which was alright but not great. Then we ordered a few plates of tapas, to get us started. We had the risotto which was just terrible and a few other things as well. The only good thing was the ceviche, but I've certainly had better. It was a tiny bit of food for a lot of money and a lot more attitude.

There are much better options out there. I will not be back.
I love to eat at new places and this was a perfect place for dinner prior to our VIVA Elvis show. Tappas are always really fun because you get a little bit of everything. 

You must order the paella, it was delicious with just the right amount of saffron. The bacon stuffed dates was sweet and salty, the right combination. We had a seared scallop dish that was good as well. Sangria was light and airy. The only negative thing was the LOBSTER with a molecular pineapple, disgusting a waste of $14 dollars. 

If you are in town, it's not a must to go there, but if you are at Aria and just want to try it...you should for the experience.
After reading some good reviews a group of us tried Julian Serrano's new tapas restaurant in Aria. The restaurant is called Julian Serrano, and the prices certainly reflect the chef's arrogance as much as the name. Everything was great, but if I had to come up with a sixth taste (besides sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami) it would be 'value,' because the value of a dish, or lack thereof, seems to make things taste different to me. When you order here you are hoping for dishes that are so unique and wonderful that the prices are justified, yet when the food comes out of the kitchen it becomes evident your expectations were too high and disappointment is inevitable. Take for example the imported Spanish 'pata negra' ham, described on the menu as 'the most delicious ham in the world' for $35. Obviously this is a ridiculously bold and definitive statement for anyone to make about a single meat, however, hopeful me fell for the marketing and ordered it anyways. While the ham was certainly lovely, and I can't say I specifically remember ever eating another that I found better, it was still a meager portion of ham for $35 and I've had comparable before (the curing of meats throughout Europe is an art form, and I've been lucky enough to experience this first hand).

The combination of small portions and hefty prices is bound to result in continued disappointment as you make your way through the menu. The scallop was done about as well as any other, but $12 for one of them is just too much to ask. The mushroom risotto ($10) was creamy but slightly underdone and the salmon with truffle ($12) was just so so. Definitely pass on the avocado canneloni ($10) which I found to be texturally amiss and void of any redeeming flavor. The almond stuffed dates ($8) were alright, but not only are the dates at Firefly a better value, they taste better as well. These dates had a panko bread coating that was unnecessary and bulky, which took focus away from the dates themselves, and the accompanying spicy sauce didn't pair well with them at all. The cheese plate ($14) included cana de cabra (soft goat milk cheese), aged manchego, and soft sheep milk extremedura, and was served with a fruit compote and soft toasty bread. Each cheese was complex, and it's hard not to love cheese, but I don't know if anyone other than the producers can really take credit for making a fine cheese plate. The piquillo peppers were delightful, with an oozy cheese center that was far more sophisitcated than that of Firefly, but was not worth the $10.

The good news is that I found the least expensive dishes to be some of the best anyway. The open-faced Pan Manchego ($8) was a revelation in grilled cheese, and the beet salad ($10) was not only an architectural gem but a well-balanced and colorful creation. The steamed mussels ($9) were plump and the broth was something special, though it was frustrating to capture in the shell spoons because of the pot used to serve them. In addition to tasting better than most of the other dishes, this was also the best value on the menu. If you order these items I think you'll be happier with your experience and your bill.

Tip: I noticed from the menu pictures taken by another blogger that prices were $3-5 less in December of last year. If you do want to go here I would suggest you hurry, before they become even more absurd.
My husband and I loved this restaurant so much that we had a late lunch here two days in a row.  Luckily we had the same waiter who was awesome and very low key in a good way.

The first afternoon we decided to order three tapas each.

stuffed dates: fried and stuffed with bacon and almond.  The pepper sauce was smokey with a small kick.  These little nuggets were polished off in probably 30 seconds, they were just that good!

calamari a la plancha: baby squid.  Extremely tender with a great lemon bite.  Probably the best calamari I have ever had.  Not one single piece was chewy.

ahi tuna tempura: Two pieces of ahi tempura battered and fried. The ahi was still rare which was nice. Probably my least favorite dish if only because I have had different versions of this dish at Japanese restaurants.  However, I really dug the wasabi foam.

molecular tuna raspberry skewer:  We had to order one of the "molecular" tapas just because off all the talk on yelp.  I kind of liked it but then again it was  nothing too special.  Sort of weird to eat a somewhat fishy/fruity jello.  Still not that bad.

huevos estrellados:  This dish was crazy insane good.  Perfectly cooked eggs on top of amazingly tasty potatoes and bite size pieces of chorizo.  The best cooked eggs that I have ever had besides my Noni's.  The flavor in this dish is beyond good.  Perfect seasoning. Not runny or oily, just amazing.
 
golden and red beet salad: Great beet salad.  Nothing overpowering about this dish which made it a perfect.  Love the citrus squares.

Lastly we had to order dessert.  We settled on a arroz con leche and it was one of the tastiest versions of rice pudding that I have had.  Great citrus flavor.  Loved it.

The next day we basically decided on ordering a paella and two tapas.

Stuffed dates: Had them the day before and still amazing on the second day.

Sauteed Padron peppers: A nice big plate of salty, crucnchy, and downright yummy peppers.  Loved these and they , along with the dates, are on the to order again list.

For Paella we decided on the Valenciana which had rabbit, chicken, and veggies.  So glad that we came back a second day for the paella.  The rabbit was tender as well as the chicken and there was a perfect balance of saltiness. The rice around the edge of the pan was crunchy and very tasty.

No dessert on this visit as we forced ourselves to finish the whole paella which was definitely pushing it.  We were stuffed.

We had a great experience at the restaurant.  Food was fantastic and so was our waiter.  We will definitely be back on our next trip.
Tapas bar located in the fairly new Aria casino. Some of the seating is open where you can overlook the surroundings and casino. Despite the posh feel of this place, our group of 10 people were casually dressed which didn't seem to be an issue with the service or waiter because we were treated very nice. Sangria was great and 2 pitchers seemed to cover our table nicely. Just an FYI, the pitchers are around $20+. I don't necessarily like tapas because I have always gone with a small group and trying everything just doesn't work and tapas is all about trying everything. Since we were a group of 10 we had a wide range to choose from and it was a much better time and food came out promptly. We had the scallops, stuff dates, mussels, lobster with molecular pineapple skewers, risotto with manchego, spanish croquettas, spanish toast, Ahi tuna tempura, spanish tortilla, avocado canelonne, and probably a few other that I'm missing. I would have checked in here but for some weird reason on iphone app it says 10 miles away and not close enough to check in, oh well. All in all it was very tasty and it can get pricey if you start going nuts with plates but my advice would be to not go when completely starving and go with a big enough group to really enjoy this experience. Again price is high but reasonable for Vegas pricing in a fine dining establishment.
Walked thru Aria hotel and stopped into Julian Serrano. Not impressed by the 15.00+ tapas items, that only sized 2 persons per item.  Our group actually chuckled a few times when the petite portions arrived a few times.  Now I've been to tapas but I guess because this is in Vegas you have to charge and arm and a leg with location.  One of my favorite red wines was only located on the - half bottle section only?? When they did bring me wine, they poured the remains from a bottle of another table, then came back 5 min later to finish the glass.  They also poured my glass before two of the females at our table had been served!  As I drank the last of my wine, I had noticed all the particles at the bottom of the glass.........  Check please! -  I won't go back.
I think I like this place slightly more than most Yelpers. Everything was extremely good, inventive, and just freaking cool--- it's Tapa's heaven for me. A little loud at times because it's really a party place and, people are drinking and eating the small plates- but I love that vibe, it's a fun place to be! Great meet up spot for a group of friends that are doing therir own thing in Vegas, but still want to get together.

The food is fantastic, but take the menu "in". Some of the plates are fun flights of fancy, others are designed to deliver flavor, punch, in a simplistic way. Balance what you order-- the simple stuff on the menu shines, and the playful stuff is there for contrast, mix it up.

Very good service.

Recomended.
My friend made a reservation here but I was a little hesitant after reading the luke warm reviews.  We had  a great experience.  The best part was our server, Pedro.  He really made our night.  We had a very large group but he didn't treat us as such.  Normally, large tables = auto grat=terrible service.  Not the case with Pedro.  He was spot on.  

As for the food, we had  a lot of hits and a few misses.

The hits:
croquetas
ceviche
tortilla
risotto
scallops
mix paella

The misses:
pata negra ($35 = crazy talk)
shrimp (with garlic)
stuffed peppers
tuna tiradito
paella marinera

I have to note, the misses weren't terrible, they were just bland and I wouldn't waste my time ordering again.  If there weren't as many misses, I would have given it five stars.
We were on our way out of town.  Sunday.  Knowing what congestion lay ahead of us.  One last nice meal, perhaps a game of blackjack, then to that mid-desert gridlock phenomenon.  

We entered Aria, scoping out the new digs for the first time.  Somewhat strange and drab in there.  Lots of earthtones, amber, copper hues.  Many of the restaurants inside were not open for lunch.  Serrano was near the lobby whereat we found a list of food options, and tapas are tasty, so in we went.

It wasn't busy.  The seating area was cool.  I sat facing a bunch of glass vessels stacked into a wall.  It's very open to the casino floor, which I suppose is good.  

I'm no tapas expert: I've only eaten at a couple legit providers.  But JS just didn't wow me.  Others have mentioned the miniscule nature of the dishes.  I guess the two of us weren't that hungry, because we became overwhelmed by the 6 small plates we ordered.

I liked the mushroomy soup.  It had a richness and earthiness to it, well seasoned.  The manchego toast was sort of a bummer.  It was soft, cold, and a little mushy.  Suz puts manchego on toast and gets it nice and crispy, and forget that tomato sauce, just those two things together are beauty.

The chicken croquetas were creamy with a nice golden crust.  Rich.  Risotto--yes to its flavor, and though the "al dente" factor is far preferable to glue, a few grains of rice were undercooked to the point of grittiness, which wasn't delightful.  

The huevos estrellados were something.  Nicely done french fries coated in an easy-cooked egg with chorizo.  I would order those again.  The Branzino/sea bass.  I had a hard time with the skin...not sure if that was their fault or mine. Probably mine.  In general, pretty good, but it didn't make me want to fight Suz for it--I left most of it to her.

Service was mostly good.  The server forgot what we ordered and had to come back for a double-check, otherwise attentive (as she should have been, with sparsely filled dining room).

I might be willing to give it another go, but with so many other choices in Vegas yet to sample, who knows if it'll still be there when I get around to it!
This place is a surprisingly good vegan eating option on the Strip.  Most of the vegetarian tapas are vegan (since they use olive oil and not butter in their preparations) or can be made vegan with the omission of a sauce.  They even prepared a vegan paella for us! We tried pretty much every vegan-friendly dish on the menu, and I was very pleased for the most part. The only disappointment was the cold eggplant salad.  Bad texture and very bland.  Beet salad, patata brava, padron peppers, gazpacho, etc. were all very good.  They have vegan mango and maybe pineapple(?) sorbet there as the only vegan desserts... but they are fantastic.  Good Spanish wine and sherry (if you're a sherry fan), fancy cocktails (nothing special, especially for the price).
One of the servers there, Stephanie, is vegan... so request her if you want to ensure that you get all the vegan options!
Fun place with great food and delicious red wine sangria! Wish I would've tried more dishes. The ceviche looked delicious!
Mother's Day 2010 and I decided to take my wife to Julian Serrano. It was a bit of a hike from the self-parking garage but we eventually found it. It's an odd space near the check-in desk, close to the doors leading to Crystals and is completely dwarfed by the imposing entrance to Sage. Plus, it's open to the check-in desk and casino so it looks like more of a casual eatery than a fine dining establishment. It wasn't more than 75% full and we were seated right away at a table for two.

//FOOD (from best to worst)//
- Creamy risotto ($10.00): Cooked to a perfect al dente texture, wasn't mushy at all, wonderful flavors. I was craving more before we were even finished with the plate. Possibly the best risotto we've ever had.

- Gambas ($12.00): It looked like a very simple dish. 4 shrimps in a broth that resembled clarified butter with garlic chips and peppers. It may not have been complex, but it was executed perfectly.

- Piquillo peppers ($10.00): One pepper cut in half and stuffed with cheese and surrounded by a tomato based sauce. Loved it!

- Tuna tiradito ($12.00): The tuna looked fabulous and tasted even better. It was accompanied by a terrific seaweed salad.

- Steamed mussels ($9.00): Approximately a dozen large mussels in a medium sized black pot. Yes, the pot was deep so we had to really get in there to get some of that broth.  Delicious.

- Beef with Brie ($17.00): Not the best cut of beef I've had but the flavors with the sauce, brie and toast were pretty good. If they timed the dishes better I would probably give this dish higher marks. But they brought out the tuna and risotto at the same time and by the time we tried the beef it was luke warm and the toast  wasn't crispy.

- Lobster & pineapple ($14.00): Others rave about this dish, but I was underwhelmed. Too much pineapple, not enough lobster. It was too sweet and I could barely distinguish any other flavors other than the pineapple. More style than substance, in my opinion. 

One thing that really bothered me was the seating. Her seat was on a bench. Mine was a poorly designed modern chair that was about 4 inches lower than the bench and the back support only went half way up my back making it tough to get comfortable. It's just a weird choice of seating in combination with everything else.

The service was good but not spectacular. Our server seemed to have way too many tables so we didn't see him too often.

Everything was well executed and so meticulously and artfully prepared. In comparison to other tapas places around town (namely Firefly) JS beats Firefly on taste and creativity but the portions at Firefly are bigger. And, of course the prices are much higher at JS since it's on the strip and a celeb chef restaurant. But, the prices aren't outrageous by Vegas standards. In total we got 7 dishes, a cocktail, a glass of wine, and a half bottle of wine for just under $200 (including tip). That's actually below what we normally spend at fine dining spots on the strip and we definitely left full and happy. If $100 per person for dinner is too much for you and if you're expecting the same amount of food you would get at a national chain restaurant (Cheesecake Factory, Red Lobster) don't come here. But, if you want quality tapas with wonderful flavors, then I recommend you give this place a try.

4.5 stars
Stopped by for a mid afternoon vacation cocktail and ended up ordering some tapas. Restaurant has a open feel and looks into the casino lobby (& not the gaming floor) which happens to be an attractive space. 

Cocktails were flavorful & were exciting enough to qualify for a early happy hour. 
We ended up ordering the chicken croquettes & bacon wrapped dates. The chicken croquettes were crunchy on the outside & filled with bechamel creaminess on the inside. The dates were sweet, salty,spicy & of very high quality. One of the bartenders recommended that we try the stuffed piquillo peppers. We were glad we did. Nice pepperiness complimented by the creamy slightly sour taste of goat cheese. 

I would love to come back here next time I am in Vegas to experience more of this menu. I had not considered this restaurant due to the stuffy, dated look & feel of Picasso (Serrano's other restaurant) I am glad I ended up stopping by for a drink as this restaurant is fresh & definitely adding to the foodieness of the Vegas dining scene.
Located just inside the lobby at Aria, I was intrigued by this restaurant from the moment I checked in. Although things did not work out for me to have dinner there, I did manage to stop in for an afternoon snack, which turned out to be the perfect way to try this place. I had an order of Stuffed Dates and a Cheese Plate along with a glass of Port. Although these were very simple items they were excellent and definitely good enough for a return trip for dinner on my next Vegas excursion. Service was outstanding and they are wheelchair accessible, but the Bar was not. This is a negative because it is a Tapas Bar and part of the experience is being able to sit at the bar and try a variety of items.
Stopped in for a few tapas before hitting the town, and it was good.  The shrimp gambas are good, and the pinapple pops are refreshing.  Bacon wrapped dates were great.
Beautiful and modern decor. I love the dark wood everywhere that fits well with the entire Aria look and feel. The food and presentation was great. I love tapas because you get a small portion and many plates. 

The most memorable dishes was the flat iron steak, chicken and mushrooms and the churro with spicy chocolate. YUM!

Our waiter was extremely accommodating and comped our dessert. The manager even offered to have my girls and I to come back and have a round of drinks comped. Sold! =D
OMG!  By far, the best lunch on the strip.

I had the white fish ceviche.  WOW!  

And the sandwhiches which are Spanish themed, are great.

Think, i had a burger at the ESPN Zone and it was $14.  I go to Julians, and it's less.  And SO MUCH MORE CLASS!

The Gazpacho is excellent.  Comes with every lunch.

ENJOY!
While staying at Aria with a group of girls we decided to have dinner and drinks at Serrano. We had a rather large group of 15 girls but the service was still very quick. The food however was absolutely horrible. The waiter brought the chicken and mushroom skewers I had ordered, but unfortunately they weren't edible. I cut into one piece of chicken and saw that it wasn't even cooked through but was still raw meat. I showed the waiter who quickly removed my plate and looked rather embarrassed. I asked him to just throw it out and did not want to try anything else. My friends had ordered various other appetizers and entrees but no one was satisfied with the food that was served. Apparently the potatoes were pretty good though.
I returned to the table after visiting the restroom and attempted to sit back down. Just as I almost sat down one of the legs fell off the chair. I weigh 115lbs and I'm confidant this amount of weight should not be enough to break a dining chair. The waiters ran over and pulled the chair into the back room before I could get any words out. Our waiter came over and told me the floor tile is slippery and sometimes the chairs slide out especially if the legs are loose. I tried to ask him about it further but he walked away and sent his manager to our table.
The manager advised me that they've been having issues with many of their dining chairs and already filed a complaint with the supplier. Yet they still continue to use these chairs!!! I asked what would happen if an elderly person had sat in this chair instead of me? What if they fell and were seriously hurt? The manager kept saying sorry but didn't really seem to care about resolving this for future guests.
I laughed about it later with my group. The dining experience here was a joke. The restaurant looked very pretty from the entrance but looks were deceiving. If you want decent food and furniture that can support anything beyond 115 lbs I would recommend going elsewhere. Aria is a beautiful hotel and there are many other dining options to choose from.
This was my first time visiting the lovely Aria and eating here.  Decor is definitely nice and modern.  The restaurant itself was packed, mainly due a convention that was being held at the same time.  It's also very loud, so it can be difficult to converse.  Service was excellent (possibly because we ordered a LOT of food as well as a bottle of wine and alcohol).  We ordered over 20 items, including almost every dessert on the menu, some more than once to feed our large group.  I have no idea what the bill cost, but I'm sure it would have been over $50 pp.  

The food itself was nothing special - I've had much better tapas here in LA at various places.  I'll only gloss over the highlights.  I read that the chicken croquettes were to die for, but I found them to be simply good but something that wouldn't generally stand out.  The stuffed dates wrapped in bacon were excellent (though I must point out that it's difficult to get this dish wrong), the creamy risotto was super delicious, the scallops were good, the pan manchego was tasty, the peppers were a favorite of others, and out of all the desserts, the Spanish creme brulee was the best (unfortunately I have no picture of it, but it was larger than most creme brulees).  Again, most of the other dishes were average and nothing to write home about.  Oh, and the Sangria is delicious and sweet - they add some liquor to it (rum I think but I'm not sure) so it doesn't have a strong wine taste to it.

There's definitely better restaurants on the strip, though this was my first experience in Vegas eating tapas.  I'd say the tapas run on the more expensive side (most are $8 - $16, some up to $30), and we had to order a lot to get full.
Oh. My. Gods. 

What a delicious meal. A group of 3 of us shared a white sangria, mixed ceviche, fried calamari, and mixed paella. Everything was amazing. 

The sangria was so light and fruity. An excellent compliment to the meal. 

The ceviche looks small, but it sure packs a punch of flavor. I believe it included octopus, shrimp, and white fish...I can't be sure. Either way, it was amazing. The textures were great, and the combination of citrus with a touch of red pepper felt like fireworks on my palette. So good. 

When the waiter suggested calamari, I wasn't expecting anything too exciting, since you can get it just about anywhere. What a pleasant surprise this was. It was so very lightly breaded, so you could really taste the meat. Also, squirting lemon and then a hint of the aioli dipping sauce really created amazing flavors. It was a really delightful treat. 

Finally, the pièce de résistance, the mixed paella. It includes lobster (both claws and the tail), chicken, chorizo, vegetables, and saffron rice. Wow. It was hard not to stuff ourselves silly with this. Everything about it was amazing. It was pricey, but I would order it again in a heartbeat...I would actually say that about the other items as well. It will be hard to return and try new things, when I know how fantastic the other items are. 

So, with such great food, why 4 stars? I took off a star for the service. Or server wasn't that great...he kept approaching at inappropriate times, and then when we were clearly ready to make our order, he was nowhere to be found. He did suggest the calamari though. Also, when we ordered the paella, he asked if the 3 of us would be eating it...and I believe he thought we wanted a larger order of it...not sure, it was a bit of a miscommunication that led to the paella costing $20 more than the listed price. It wasn't a huge problem, however, I wish it would have been made clear when we ordered it that we were getting a larger order that would be more pricey. 

All-in-all it was a delicious experience and I will definitely return.
I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant, the service and the food.  The waiter was errogant and not very attentive, the tapas came out randomly as if they had mixed up our order or had forgotten a plate, and the paella was extremely salty and not very flavorfull (though one would think it would be with all that salt).  The best part of the meal was the wine we chose, though incredibly expensive even for a Las Vegas hot spot!
Just came back from the new Aria - the definite high-point was discovering this amazing restaurant and we went back two nights in a row.  We sat at the bar where I peppered the bartender with menu questions which he was happy to answer - and we didn't have to wait for a table.  Their small plates concept plus reasonable prices (way less than the other famous-chef restaurants at the Aria) was one reason, but the amazing flavors was the other.   My friend had the Meditteranean soup both nights because she loved it so much. First night I had the black rissotto with Seafood and a dish of Red Piquillo Peppers Stuffed with Goat Cheese mixed with Mushrooms.  White sangria was great and only $8.  Next night I had the Red Sangria ($9.) and two starters that killed: Skewered "Molecular" Raspberry (a jelled delight) atop a square of Sesame Seared Ahi Tuna with Wasabi Salt, and my absolute favorite - Fresh Anchovies atop two warm olive-oiled Italian toasts with a little thin-sliced Piquillo Peppers.   We followed with a shared Lamb Chops dish - this included Thick Sliced Potatoes topped with Onions that had been cooked Confit-Style in oil and each mouthful was gorgeous.  The Chops - two to an order $28, which we split, sat on three great sauces - one seemed like a Bechamel, the other a Demi-Glace, and a very green olive oil garnished them.  We didn't have room for dessert, but the dessert menu looked wonderful too.  I wished this restaurant was in L.A. so I could go every week!
Yum yum yum!
If I had a money tree, this place would be one of my fancy-pants favorites.

We ate here back in December, right after it opened, so please forgive the tardiness - I hope nothing has changed.  

Utterly fabulous food.  Highlights were the flat iron steak, pintxo de chorizos, stuffed dates, gambas, pan manchego, and the valenciana paella - our waiter's recommendation, and he was right on.  We also had the padron peppers, which I could have done without, but my mom loved them, and the chicken skewer and flat calamari, which were favorites of my dad.  Desserts were awesome too, and together with a bottle of wine and some other drinks, we clocked in just under $300 (plus tip) for a party of three.  

I love this place.  If I'm on a budget (which I usually am), I'll stick with Firefly for tapas, but if we're celebrating - or someone else is footing the bill - then we're definitely coming back to Julian Serrano.

One silly note - there are apparently multiple valet drop-off points at Aria, and we chose the wrong one in proximity to the restaurant.  Try to make your way to main valet at the front entrance, near registration, and you'll be in and out in a jiffy - assuming you're like me and not lucky enough to be staying at the Aria.
We ate here right after putting out bags down in our hotel room and we were quite hungry from traveling.  The decor is extremely cool with bright surfaces and bright colors.  

The service was  just what we were looking for as the staff were attentive but not overbearing.  My husband and I had a glass of red and white sangria respectively and these were perhaps the high point of the visit.
I went to JS at City Center with great expectations. But alas, the food did not match the lovely hip decor, great colors, and even JS on the plates. When I order serrano ham, I expect it to be paper thin-like see through-delicate and light like lace, cut from a beautiful ham mounted in a prominent plac, like  at a great tapas bar in Spain. It was thick and cluncky, too bad. The Gambas description was wonderful, but far too few herbs and garlic to be a credible dish. The white anchovies were good, but served on enormous boat-like toast pieces- two small anchovy filets total--come on. The waitress recommended an avocado-wrapped cigar like roll with smoked salmon and other things inside--interesting only. That's enough. This restaurant should be kickin, should be packed and lively with people. Doubt I'll return anytime soon.
I love tapas, and I love great service, but this place feel slightly short for me.  I like this place, but I don't love it, and I really wanted to be wow'd by the food here.  They're in Aria, so I expected fabulous flavors and textures, but this place didn't deliver on either except for dessert [I'll get to that in a second].

I made reservations online for 4pm before a happy hour and Viva Elvis event that we had to get to.  We walked in and immediately loved the open feel of the restaurant; however, the decor looked almost tacky with those black, glossy leafless trees around part of the dining area.  Other than that, the layout was pretty nice and we were seated away from the crowd as i requested.

We started off with tapas and stuck with it rather than ordering a sandwich or paella.  From beef and cheese to an avocado cannoli, the tapas aren't even worth getting into very much.  I wanted that incredible flavor profile and excellent textures on the plates; however, the beef tapas, for example, was all soft with no counterpart, and the avocado cannoli was all creamy.  In terms of flavor, everything was seasoned as a restaurant of that caliber should do, but in terms of exciting my palette and making me say "mmm", it didn't even come close to a small smolder.

For us, the only great part of the evening involved their Santiago cake dessert served with turron ice cream was outstanding.  Talk about textures and flavors!  The cake was thick, moist, and had just the right sweetness to it.  The ice cream was incredible.  i wanted a huge gallon of that to take home with a side of almond cake [as in one whole cake, please!]  I loved every bite and would've bought another order of it had it not been for my distended tummy.

Overall, a nice experience and one I will go back to, but not for the food.  I'm going back for the dessert.
Julian Serrano is as good as it ever should get...and then some.

It's in Aria - which I will review under separate cover.  Wow...is all I have to say.

Atmosphere - It's very open and attractive.  The only drawback are these weird black trees without leaves.  Maybe I'm missing the artistic creation of them, but I felt like they were out of place.  There were mounds of fresh veggies on the backsplash - which was really refreshing to see.  Some time was really spent on the floors here.  Tiny tiles in a variety of colors...yellows, oranges, pinks, purples, pearly white.  And it had a pattern to it that was really intricate.  Bonus points for design.  

I am a big fan of smaller tables and more intimate seating when going on a date.  Here, the tables are a bit larger, but they have to be because it is tapas style and you have tons of plates coming out, and then wine glasses...you get the drift.  

Purple napkins.  Stellar.  

Our sommelier came over and we mistakenly thought him as the waiter.  Oops.  He wasn't phased though so based off what we ordered he suggested a wine.  A half bottle in case we didn't like it.  What we didn't know, and d-bag sommelier didn't tell us, is the wine was 990 for a half bottle!!  I'm sorry, but if you expect your patrons to have 990 for a half bottle of wine without running it by them, I find it offensive.  Whether or not we could afford it, is really none of his biz, he should have been more polite to just give us the low down on that.  Fortunately for him the half bottle was amazing (it should be for almost a grand!).  Point of the story, for all those who cannot afford a grand on wine - BE SURE TO CHECK PRICE POINT when sommelier suggests a wine.  A professional one should let you know (discretely if you don't want to offend your date) and I just found that a little obnoxious.  I didn't know until the bill came, and neither did my beau...which was a bit shocking.

Anyway...have the bacon wrapped dates.  Salty, sweet, savory goodness.  Chewy without too much chewy.  I almost died.

I even tried the lobster with pinneapple.  Pretty good, and I'm not a seafood fan AT ALL.  This was something someone would like if they don't really appreciate seafood.

We also had the beet salad with what I though was lychee.  I said "this tastes like Hawaii in my mouth" and the waitress came over and explained it was pineapple gelatin.  Kudos for my palate being expanded.

Stuffed peppers and gosh I don't even know what to tell you because everything was soooo delightful.  It was romantic because we were both feeding each other, and so filling at the same time.  We had about 6 plates and everything was perfectly paced, our wine was superb (we had two half bottles, the second was of something different).  Fortunately the waiter showed my date the price for the second bottle.

The pan manchego...it's like that saying "once you go manchego, you never go back".  Crazy good.

We had churros for dessert that comes with some chocolate sauce for dipping.  The chocolate sauce had a hint of some kind of hot pepper (which was a little bit too much for me) but it was good in small quantity.  This is the best churro I have had in my life.  I was soooo full but kept eating it.  We also ordered the creme brule (because I love creme brule)...I wasn't so much a fan.  It was too eggy and not enough sugary.  The consistency was off for me.  Plus it was HUGE!  I like smaller versions of creme brule since it is sooo heavy.  Still, pretty fantastic.  I just wasn't a fan of the consistency.

It truly was an amazing experience.  Every time we put something in our mouths we just giggled and had our eyes roll back in our head how fantastic it truly was.  It blew my mind.  It blew Joe's mind and his wallet...I don't think he minded too much because it was TRULY that good.

I had to amend and give it four stars because of our sommelier.  If he didn't just ASSUME we (I am putting the Royal we in that sentence) could afford a $1,000 bottle of wine, I would be giving this place more stars.
I've been to Julian Serrano twice.  The first time was after visiting The Bazaar by Jose Andres.  They're both classic spanish tapas, both trendy, both have won James Beard and Chef of the Year awards.  But whereas The Bazaar has a contemporary tapas menu, Julian Serrano does not.  I guess that's the main difference.  At The Bazaar, you are experiencing food mentally and gustatorily, Jose Andres is either giving you classic flavors or not so classic flavors with contemporary techniques (sous vide, foams, etc).  Julian Serrano however, is just straight forward food.  It's like going to the zoo.  At The Bazaar, you're a little kid who is just zigzagging from exhibit to exhibit; at Julian Serrano, you're the parent who's seen it all, but is still enjoying everything you lazily follow walk along.

The food at Julian Serrano is good.  There are the hits like the truffled salmon, pan manchego, and the beef with dates & honey; and there are the misses like the chicken croquettes.  The service isn't great.  The first time I went they broke a wine class and spilled water all over me and all we got was an apology.  What?  No amouse bouche or free dessert?  Discount?  MEH!  The good news: for around $25-30 a person, you can stuff yourself!

Either or 3.5 or 4  I can't decide.
I am a big fan of Tapas. I think the ability to try all those different flavors and cooking techniques is wonderful. I went to this restaurant while waiting for a show. Here is a rundown of the things I tried. Ahi Tuna w/ molecular raspberry, Chicken Skewer, Beef and Cheese, Lamb Chop, Mushroom Soup, Avocado/Tuna Cannoli, Serrano Ham, Brava Potatoes and the Santiago's Cake. Most of it was pretty good with the exception of the texture of the Avocado/ Tuna cannoli and the watery soup. I felt the texture was a little too soft and slippery for me. One thing of note was that Santiago's Cake. I would go back to this restaurant just for this cake. I will go back to this restaurant for this cake. 

The Santiago's cake was a great flashback of something I loved in my childhood but the rest was not as exciting as it looked on the menu. Overall a pleasant experience with nice decor and staff.
The food here is completely amazing. Five stars for that -- some of the best chorizo I've ever had, a really delicious paella, tuna raspberry skewer that was phenomenal, etc. We had four people and split 4 tapas and a dish of paella (built for 2, the cheaper option), and it was all incredible and enough food to fill us but not make us uncomfortable. We got a pitcher of sangria as well, and with tip, we all only paid $45 a person. To me, that's quite a deal in Vegas, where everything is super inflated.

The servers were okay. They screwed up the bill a little at the end, but they fixed it and no harm done. Our server did try to suggest that we weren't getting enough food so we'd buy more, but I guess that's part of his job... he just wasn't that tactful about it.
Okay, all week I've been trying to figure out where I wanted to dine out for my birthday, and finally at 3:30pm I decide...Tapas and Paella sounds good, we've been to Firefly a good amount of times, their tapas are good, but their Paella is served to you in A BOWL and nothing really outstanding about it. I'm also one to really shy away from the "brand-name, Celebrity Chef" establishments, but somehow had a good feeling on this one, so my wife had made reservations for 8 pm at Julian Serrano.

At the entrance we are greeted by the hostesses and as we are led to our table, you can't help but notice the architecture, accents, and color scheme of JS....Lots of modern touches with colors of orange, gold, and purple.
I'm no HGTV/Design Pro, but I kinda liked the set up and found it inviting without being too over the top. As we pass the kitchen, I see
a good friend, Chef Nathan at the pass. I also remembered that my other friends Jin and Wally worked here, but were both off.

Nathan comes out and greets me and my wife, and offers his recommendations on a few of the menu items. We're both hungry, in the mood for some killer tapas and paella, and what better way to kick it off with a few of the Chef's selections? So we sit back, relax and await our food filled journey through Spain.

First up, the Tuna Raspberry Skewer-The meatiness of the ahi tuna, nuttyness of the sesame seeds and pistachios, and the slight fruity tartness of the molecular raspberry blended very well together...off to a great start!

Next, we feasted on the Fresh Calamari a la Plancha with lemon, parsley, and extra virgin olive oil. Easily one of the best calamari dishes I ever tasted. Baby squid cooked to perfection and melt-in-your-mouth delicious!

Chef Nathan sends out  an order of the Pintxo de Morcilla, a Spanish blood sausage, and for all you fellow Filipinos out in Yelpland, this is the Spanish version of Diniguan. The sweetness of the tomato and onion compote on the toasted crouton complemented each and every bite

Ordering a Paella Valenciana ahead of time, we also order some Red Sangria which was pretty powerful and refreshing at the same time. Wanting to try more tapas, we go ahead and order a second wave before our Paella arrives. Apparently our waiter has never met me or know my ability level when I am in attack mode at the dinner table. He not only had a look of disbelief on his face when I mentioned our orders of the Mixed Seafood Ceviche, Crema y Risotto, Lobster and Molecular Pineapple Skewers, Stuffed Dates, and The Traditional Chicken Croquettas. He had to stop bussing our table, put down our dishes back on our table and write it all down. Apparently, I drained all his memory power, but thats what happens when you assume we will have had enough food when our paella arrives:)

Chef Nathan mentioned  that they had hired a cook from Peru who takes care of the ceviche action and Peruvians make some of the tastiest ceviches ever! Just the perfect heat and acidity mixed  into chunks of fish and octopus served with crisp taro chips, very cool and refreshing.

The Lobster and Molecular Pineapple skewers were quite tasty with an asian accent as well, definitely a must try.

The Crema y Risotto was the star of the tapas. The risotto was cooked perfectly al dente, the earthy meatiness of the mushrooms paired well as always with the truffle oil, cream, and cheese, and transformed my wife into a risotto lover.

The Julian Serrano version of Stuffed Dates have a crispy exterior and is paired with a piquillo pepper sauce with a good kick. Addicting.

The Croquettas were simple and straight forward. Creamy bechamel with a hint of nutmeg with chunks of chicken encased in a panko crust-YUM!

Here comes the Paella!  The Valenciana comes loaded with tasty morsels of rabbit, chorizo that is made in house, green beans, peas, peppers and a very fragrant saffron rice. The rabbit was very moist and flavorful and the chorizo had a nice smokiness that we both enjoyed.the saffron rice was bomb too, with that crispy crust you get when your paella is finished in the oven just before serving.

As we're looking over the dessert menu, My wife is eyeing the Churros con Chocolate  and WHADDAYA KNOW? Chef Nathan sends out an order:) Crisp exterior, soft inside, and the chocolate dipping sauce is spiked with chili, leaving you with a good heat which is not too overpowering and left us no choice but to devour the chocolate sauce by the spoonful after our churro supply was gone

Overall, one of my new favorite dining experiences ever. I really don't agree with all these 1 and 2 star reviews that JS has gotten.
Nathan, you and your crew ROCK, and the service was outstanding! Hopefully Jin and Wally will be there when we return!

I know tons of Yelpers rave about Firefly, but if you want the real deal Holyfield, Check out Julian Serrano. You'll be glad you did...ALOHA!!!
Y husband had lunch at JS July 4th weekend.  We knew that prices were high and portions small but didn't expect HOW small.  For $10, only received two quarter sized piquillo peppers.   My husbands calamari  order was minuscule also, despite being told beforehand  by the hostess that the portion served was large.   I complained to the manager and he offered to comp the sangria, which I declined.   We are returning to Vegas twice more this year, but  we will skip JS.   No food, but big bill.
I would come back here in a minute!  It was Friday night.  We were unreserved.  We ordered minimally.  They treated us like royalty.  Score!

We shared the Paella Valencia, and i had a wild mushroom soup topped with a foam of foie gras.  Both were excellent.  At the suggestion of the manager we were brought complimentary glasses of a Basque White Wine.

Our table was adjacent to an elegant couple from Toronto.  Our meal was made more wonderful by their great conversation.  The husband  had worked all over the world for the United Nations.   They'd just spent a week eating at all the best Vegas restaurants, and buying a year's supply of designer clothes.  They over-ordered and shared their flan with us.  Sit me next to folks like that any day of the week.

The few items we had compare very favorably with the Bazaar in LA.
Simply put dinner at Julian Serrano last night was one of the best meals I've ever had. If you're not a big fan of reading reviews here is the Cliff's notes version: Go!

If you want details here they are:

I should preface this review by saying that I studied abroad in Spain for four months. I lived with a Spanish host family and ate homemade Spanish food 2-3 meals a day. I've had it homemade, in restaurants, in at least 10 different Spanish cities and in America. I can be very picky about Spanish food and on the whole find the current tapas craze to be slightly annoying; don't get me started on over-priced, fussy restaurants calling themselves "tapas bars."

The menu at Julian Serrano can be divided into two groups: traditional Spanish food and contemporary Spanish inspired gastronomy in the mold of elBulli or Bazaar - but certainly not in their price range. The traditional dishes are delicious and 100% authentic. Each bite made me made me more nostalgic for Spain. The contemporary dishes are inventive and playful.
 
As a tapas bar you are encouraged to try everything that piques your interest, so I tasted a lot of dishes. I'll list them by rating on the customary yelp 5 star scale. Foreshadowing: most are 5s.


5 stars:
Sangria - Excellent. It's so hard to find well-made sangria outside Spain. You need to use an intense, acidic Spanish wine. Most sangria is doomed from the start because people pick wine that is already sweet and fruity. Serrano got it perfect: earthy, slightly sour, not overly sweet, completely refreshing.
Patatas Bravas
Stuffed Piquillo Peppers
White Ceviche
Tortilla - It is my opinion that a Spanish restaurant's tortilla can tell you everything you need to know about the restaurant. Serrano's tortilla is excellent.
Tuna Tiradito - Ahi with ponzu and seaweed. Far from Spanish but still amazing.
Beef and Cheese
Stuffed Dates
Deconstructed seafood soup - Ask when you go. Your waiter will be happy to explain the dish and its "deconstruction."
Churros con chocolate - I'm certain this dish is incredibly high in fat, sugar, and fat again. I'm also certain that it is totally worth it.

4 stars
Lobster Pineapple Skewers
Pan Manchengo


3 stars
Paella Marinera - Good but not excellent. Considering how delicious the tapas were I wish we had ordered more tapas and gone without paella.
Olives - The only thing left on the table. I was sad because I LOVE olives and Spanish olives are some of the best in the world. These were marinated with some spices I wasn't able to identify. I like them plain.
Almond cake with turron ice cream - Hi, my name is Jay and I'm a recovering turron ice cream ADDICT. When I lived in Spain I would sometimes eat it twice a day. I was excited to get my fix again but found Serrano's version to be lacking in intensity.

The service was excellent. Our waiter was attentive, helpful, and talkative without being intrusive. When we wanted to order more tapas all we had to do was look up and someone was ready to take our order. Not one minute after realizing I had nowhere to put my ahi without getting salsa brava on it, our plates were changed. My only complaint was that the waiter asked if we wanted more sangria/desserts/coffee several times, even after we had ordered them. It was a minor annoyance in an otherwise perfect performance from the wait staff.

The atmosphere is more casual than I expected. The hostess said shorts and a T shirt were fine, but I dressed up slightly anyway. Other diners' attire ranged from jeans to suits. Like most of the dishes the décor is simple and beautiful. Colored mosaic-style tiles cover the walls. The space is very open; the restaurant is separated from the casino by waist-high glass panels. I was afraid noise from the casino would be a problem but once we were seated I didn't even notice the casino.

My only serious complaints were regarding the wine list. Their prices seemed high, even by fine dining standards. The wine list isn't available online - although the menu is - and when I asked if they could email it to me they said I'd have to email the sommelier and that he doesn't like sending it out.

The prices for food are very reasonable, almost cheap by Vegas standards. Paella, 12 tapas, a pitcher of sangria (about 8 glasses), 2 desserts, tax, and tip was 268. I tipped 20% - the wait staff had certainly earned it. The amount of food was sufficient for 4 guys with large appetites. Most parties of 4 would probably have thought the amount of food we ordered indecent.

If you've read this far you clearly are giving a lot of thought to your Vegas dining options. If so, you're the kind of person who will love this restaurant. Go!
Headed over for some lunch and to read the LA times.  Been wanting to try Julian Serrano since that MEGAopolis City Center opened and today was the day.  First glance at the outdoor menu they offer daily lunch specials ranging from salads to Spanish influenced sandwiches.  Cheaply priced but not what guided me there, I wanted tapas damnit! The dining area is clean & pristine with a bright color scheme.  I sat at the bar and service was attentive.  Tried 3 items : 
*Pan manchego - toasted bread, tomato sauce, aged manchego 
Terrific flavor.  Simple but encompasses the flavors, temperatures & textures I was looking for

*Spanish chicken croquetas ( aka tentadora )
Chicken & bechamel 
I hoped and prayed this would be the star of show.  I pretended to continue reading my paper but I obsessed about these little nuggets of heaven once I saw them on the menu.  Damn it if it wasn't just my luck.... Disappointment! The crunch and outer texture was heavenly. The bechamel and chicken filling though left me wondering what I had done in a past life to deserve such a tease.   From now on I will refer to these croquetas as the temptress or since it's a Spanish restaurant -  Tentadora

Serrano Rice
Chorizo, chicken, rabbit, Frito, saffron
Final dish ordered and it ended on a high note.  All proteins were full of flavor and the sofrito was bold but not overwhelming.  

Mid-meal I decided to order a glass of red sangria ( maybe to drown my sorrows from the above listed temptress ).  One of the best red sangria I've had in some time.  If it wasn't the middle of the day and lunch time i could have easily enjoyed two-rty or so.  Not too sweet, great fresh fruit flavor and a nice kick of brandy at the end.  I surprised myself by not finishing it but it was the middle of the day and my work at Julian Serrano was complete.  Very good dining experience for $45 and I would come back for future visits.  Hopefully by that time I will have forgiven that EVIL tentadora.......
it was pretty empty, when i came here with my girls. the food came out super fast...a little too fast. with 5 girls chit chatting u would think it would be a 2 hour meal, but it was only less than an hour.

the food is really good. everything was surprising with flavor

the tuna tartar, the white aspargas with mango mayo, the cheese and panchetta bread, the tuna with rasberry lollipops, the chicken skewers, the steak, the scallops were my fav, the chicken w/ chorizo was moist, and the fries with egg and chorizo was interesting, but made the fries all soggy (don't reccomand that)

service is excellent.
If you're looking for something that's a bang for your buck, this is NOT the place to go.

I ordered the salmon egg sandwich at Julian Seranno and it was OK at best. The eggs used were much too frothy and resembled something close to continental eggs. The salmon placed on top of the sandwich was paper-thin. Collectively, the meal was just mediocre. 

Our waitress made it known before we ordered that the appetizers were great for sharing (seeing that we were a party of 5). The shrimp appetizer was served with, literally, three pieces of shrimp.

What I did like about Julian Serrano is the location. It's placed in the lobby of the Aria casino - needless to say, Aria is gorgeous by itself and makes everything just a little better.
It was a pleasant surprise to stumbled upon this restaurant while in Vegas last week.   I had the BEST Red Sangria and tapas I've ever had at Julian Serrano.   It inspired my boyfriend to proclaimed that he wanted to vacation in Spain just to enjoy the food.  

The service was impeccable and the decor was absolutely beautiful.   I love the tantalizing morsels that delight my taste buds with exquisite flavors.  It was the kind of restaurant that you want to linger a bit and relax.  The bathroom is also worth mentioning with floor to ceiling mosaic tiles and piped in language lesson.
We loved this place. We ordered like royalty and it showed after we saw the bill, however most of the items were delicious and our server was great. The two carafes of Sangria probably also helped with our opinion of the place. 

This is great social type dinner where everything is shared tapas style. The price can get expensive rather quickly so if you are on a budget you might want to go somewhere else or have a big lunch that day.
Vegas is sure enough, already pricey, and what I hate is it's all about the looks and not exactly the food. I love Houston food, yet has any place been able to compare with houston food for me or bigger than that...Texas, but then again I haven't traveled to many states. Julian Serrano was an exception though, although I hated that the paella was pretty expensive and the shrinp/lobster wasn't shelled out already, customwer service was great...food was finally something better, more on your busdget...but remember small plates..so in a way it seems cheap, but the plates are really small, unless you don't have an appetite this would be a good budget restaurant...the steak was really good and juicy. I recommend it, because unlike other restaurants in Vegas, this was one little one that served better foods than most restaurants in my opinion, although no foodss taste bad, some foods were okay, of course.
The good: Flavorful tapas and yummy sangria (1 carafe was approx 8 glasses).  

The bad: Bathroom was a Spanish lesson.  I heard a woman's voice stating "I love you.  Te quiero.  Welcome to Spain.  Bienvenidos a Espana."  WTF, can't a girl tinkle in peace and quiet or at least to some ambient music or acoustic guitar?!

The ugly: Decor consisting of thanksgiving colors accompanied by horrible service!  We were initially impressed with how quickly the tapas arrived, but our waiter rushed us through our entire meal.  Almost as soon as we put our forks down, he would clear our small individual plates along with the entree plate, even when there was food left on platter!  There were plenty of open tables, and it was an early dinner.  6 of us were in and out the door in record time within an hour and half...definitely not a leisurely meal with flowing sangria and ooh/aahh-ing over the dishes.

Notable mentions were the mixed ceviche, seared scallop, beef & cheese, flat iron steak and the mix paella.  

Oysters, stuffed dates, and creamy risotto were passable. Beet salad was unusually presented with orange flavored foam...not my cup of tea.  Was generally disappointing after experiencing culinary heaven at the Bazaar in LA.  Could've been a 3.5 bumped up to 4 stars if not for the service.
Tasty tapas. Great selection, somewhat pricey. Good people watching while enjoying delectable bites and sipping on your favorite beverage.
We ate here on Saturday night while hanging out in City Center. The place was packed, but we managed to get a couple seats at the bar. They serve the whole menu at the bar, so its nice if you just want to get in for a quick bite. We ordered tapas including the lobster gazpacho, stuffed dates, pan manchego, and grilled angus flat iron steak. All of them were excellent. The service was super fast and the bartender serving our food was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. He even described some of the items for us before we ordered. I enjoyed Julian Serranos very much. A great place for tapas.
We had lunch here.  The seafood salad was small but really good. The white sangria wasn't very good...the apples were overpowering. The steak sandwich was bland and it didn't have much meat. Also, I can't get over the $4.50 iced tea (similar to other restaurants at Aria).

I would dine here again for the seafood salad or to try the paella. And next time I will order the red sangria.
I don't know about other people, but I had the worst experience here.  The restaurant looks nice but that's it.  It's spanish tapas.  So we ordered bunch of plates.  Most of them were salty and no flavor at all.  We told the waiter of how salty our plates were, and he just jokingly laughed said the chef must have shaking hands tonight.  WTF?  not a word of appology nor any kind of complimentary.  I have very high expectation for Spanish Tapas so places like this just so disapointed- Especially it wasn't that cheap.  Will never come back
I came to Vegas early on a Friday afternoon with my other friends still delayed by air traffic.  Having all day to myself I decided to go exploring in the new Aria City center and after consulting my handheld pocket guide for eats, I decided to do the Julian Serrano tapas bar for lunch. 

I liked the friendly, open air decor and bright colors thats easily visible from the lobby of the Aria and after a quick scan of the menu at the door, decide to pull up a seat at the counter and order lunch.

The menu is created by chef Jose Picazo and many of the dishes remind me of the creations of a similarly named chef, Jose Andres, of Bazaar fame in Los Angeles, of which I've tried many times.  However unlike the borderline molecular deconstructionist gastronomy of the Bazaar, the items of JS are a little more conventional and accessible, but no less delicious.

I started off with the avocado cannelloni which was salmon tartare wrapped with sliced avocado with japanese seaweed salad.  I enjoyed this from the first bite as flavours of the salmon, avocado were mixed with a pleasant amount of saltiness. I could have ordered another one of these to finish off my meal.  Next I tried the salmon & truffle dish which was a good but a little dissapointing as the wonderful truffle sauce seemed to clash with otherwise bland and familiar salmon taste, not really infusing into the meat of the fish.  Perhaps pairing the truffle flavour with a different fish would work better.  Rounding out the meal was the Valenciana paella rice with chicken, rabbit, chorizo and saffron rice, very nice indeed.  Luckily I ordered off the lunch menu which was smaller portions but also only half the price of the dinner menu item.

Prices are a bit up there to be honest, but not surprising given small plates usually tend to be pricy and given the premium real estate, but for those who are comfortable spending the extra dime on some quality cooking and intriguing flavours, JS is a nice place to check out.
Kudos to the staff at Julian Serrano for making accommodations for large party. We had a reservation for 14 people and of course not everyone showed up on time. Our waiter didn't seem bothers by our delays.

Ordering tapas for 14 people can be daunting. The waiter offered to plan a menu for us at a pre-approved price point. We seemed to get a bit more food than we bargained for though. We told him to target about $65 per person, the final bill with tax and tip came to $80/person which was perfect.

So why only 3 stars? The food wasn't anything memorable.  Two weeks later and can barely recall any special dishes other than the presentation of the paella.
If your looking to have a nice lunch at the City Center for a reasonable price, this is the PLACE FOR LUNCH. 

We were going to stop by the City Center restaurants to view their menus for dinner reservations. I called in advance to find out about parking and such, as this area is known for lousy parking. The newspaper has complained about the limited local parking. I called the concierge and she told me for locals, to use the NORTH VALET off HARMON. She said it avoids the tourists and all the hectic business of people trying to figure out the front of the City Center complex. She said if you want to park, try the second floor of the self park as all of the tourists fight for the first floor. The NORTH VALET PARKING IS COMPLEMENTARY. In any sense, going back to the food, I asked the concierge for a recommendation and that I was bringing along my 8 year old son. She recommended a place called Julian Serrano. She said where else could you get a great sandwich for $10 and for the kids, you can order off the tapas menu for some deep fried chicken.  I asked for her recommendation for Todd English's pub and she said to stick with Julian Serrano for lunch.  

Great recommendation. 
We each ordered a sandwich. I had the chorizo, the other two were the mixed sandwich and the vegetarian. The Chorizo ciabatta sandwich was good, with not spicy, but evenly balanced against the goat cheese spread. My mother said the vegetarian ciabatta was eggplant, mushroom & pesto, with the mushroom overpowering the rest of the ingredients.  She really liked the ciabatta bread.  My father had the mixed and I took a picture of it. He said it was good. It had a fried egg with Serrano ham and cheese on plain bread, and they cut a hole out of the bread to showcase the fried egg. The best part of the sandwich combo is the fries that accompany it. My son had the SPANISH CHICKEN CROQUETTAs, (great photos from others already posted.) He loved them as did he enjoy my french fries which came with my sandwich. The FRENCH FRIES were skinny, twice fried potatoes. They were the best. We also had an AVOCADO CANNELLONI from the tapas menu. It was thinly shaved avocado wrapping a lightly vinegar-ed salad of Japanese seaweed, sesame, and smoked salmon. The seaweed salad overpowered the avocado, but it was something that I could say "I CAN'T MAKE THIS AT HOME" because of the delicateness of the consistently sliced ripe avocado the rolled and wrapped the seaweed salad.  Other yelp fans have posted this picture.  It's a beautiful presentation that lacks any taste outside of vinegar & seaweed.

All in all, the concierge's recommendations for lunch were SPOT ON! Where else can you get a gourmet sandwich and fries for $10. My son's chicken was like $9 from the tapas menu. I was going to order some sherry, but the wine prices were outrageous, so we had water which seemed (table to table) like the most common lunch drink served. 

My recommendations: They have 6 or 7 sandwiches to choose from for lunch, all for $10. The food is top grade and the service is very very good.  Final bill was less than $20 a head for lunch in Las Vegas at a clean, spot on, sit down restaurant on THE STRIP without any sort of buffet or keno being pulled around you.
Came here for lunch on a weekend afternoon, and was pleased to find they had a very well featured and reasonable lunch menu.  Shared a glass of the red sangria (very good quality), a chorizo sandwich, a steak sandwich and the mixed sandwich with my family.  All was flavorful and good quality, and service was very good.

All sandwiches came with very good french fries and a modest but very fresh and flavorful serving of gazpacho (smoothly blended, which I like).  

All-in-all, good food, reasonable prices for lunch, good service, and excellent location - restaurant is very nice, and has a great view of the Aria lobby area, with glass panels providing a nice clear separation.
Really good food with nice service. We ate at a few of the restaurants at Aria hotel and the best was Julian Serrano. I would come back
The Skinny: undercooked rice in the paella, bland chicken croquettes with no chicken in them, flavourless sauteed spinach (2); service: is good and prompt (4); value: I'm sorry... we spent $90 including tax and tip, no booze, on food that isn't that great (1)

We were hovering between going back to Sage for round two or heading over to try Julian Serrano for dinner. My hubby decided, for the sake of Yelp reviews, that we ought to try something we haven't done before. This is even despite the average 3.5 star rating.

So, we checked out the menu and ordered the Valencia Paella, the chicken croquettes, the sauteed spinach, the mushroom soup and the stuffed dates.

The chicken croquettes were singularily unpleasant. Not much chicken inside, the bechamel sauce was bland. So basically, you bit into a croquette filled with bland bechamel... yuck!

The mushroom soup as an odd mushroom underseasoned consumme with foie gras foam (that didn't taste like foie gras). Considering the price you paid for this dish, it clearly doesn't deliver the luxury you are expecting.

The stuffed dates were atrocious - greasy and boring.  You couldn't taste the bacon, just the warmed dates with the crunch of a flavourless blanched almond.

Sauteed spinach with apples, raisins, shallots and pine nuts - sounds really yummy right? Well, it would have been if they'd added a grain of salt to the dish. The spinach was also unappealing on two levels - 1) uneven cooking method (see the pic - some are cooked, some slighty wilted) and 2) not enough oil leads to that filmy sensation feel inside your mouth.

The Valencia Paella was improperly prepared. First of all, the flavours were off for such a dish - perhaps too much saffron. 

Secondly, the rice. Now, I know that the rice is supposed to be al dente. But this was not al dente, my friends. It's considered raw when the rice after chewing leaves a grainy texture in your mouth. Plus, if you look at my pics - no evidence of that wonderfully toasted socrrat layer (no golden brownness to the rice or the bits sticking to the bottom of the pan).

Third, the chorizo was subpar - texturally dry and one note... salty - it could not stand up to the other mediocre components of this dish.

So overall, a 2 starred review - mostly for the excellent service.
my boyfriend and i went here for lunch before we were taking off for la on a tuesday. we had the mediterranean seabass, avocado cannellini, mushroom soup with foie gras creme, brava potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, ahi salad, cured salmon sandwich and the grilled lamb chop. everything was really good with the soup and the seabass being absolutely divine. the lamb chop is a close second. the most blah was the brava potatoes but the tomato confit was delicious. the service was perfect as well. loved it!
They always find a way to get your money back in Vegas. This was how I gave them back my meager winnings and then some. 

The waiter was nice and friendly, however, the food was bleh. Turns out tapas just meant "small portion." I was fine with that and begun to order everything that sounded tempting. If I remember correctly I had the seared ahi with some raspberry paste, lobster with micro pineapple, shrimp and fish ceviche, some steak, some ridiculous black forest ham that was double the price of the regular ham and a pitcher of Sangria. Honestly, the only thing I liked was the sangria and ceviche. Everything else was bleh or mediocre. The tuna and lobster was the absolute worst especially if you're a sushi lover.  

2 stars for delicious sangria that got me nicely buzzed so I didn't mind paying 200 bucks for such a mediocre meal.
The worst experience of my life at a restaurant !!!!!  Not only they took for ever to bring us food, the tapas were cold and all tasted the same. The paella never arrived, but the worst was when one of the waiters, banged my dad's head pretty hard and didn't even care to make sure he was ok!,,,the manager with a stupid smile on his face didn't do any better.
Over all my worst ever specially with their over priced food!!!!
An interesting variation for resort restaurants offerings : tapas. Very good quality, not that many choices but enough to please most patrons. Larger portions than other tapas places I have tried and more expensive so I guess it's better to select a smaller number of them to make up a real meal. Wine selection by the glass is good to very good depending on your taste, I was not impressed but still felt I had decent options. Great service and decor. I would not go there for dinner but for lunch and happy hour before a show and late dinner, anytime.
it's really 1 star but i'll be generous with an extra star because of the water guy (who should have gotten all our tip since he's the only one who paid us any attention.)

food and service were meh. and prices were okay. most of my friends had sandwiches that came with a side salad or fries and a small shot of gazpacho (thought it was ok)... I had very disappointing steak salad.. the steak was dry, the salad itself kind of tasteless and the portion wasn't even filling. 

service was less than attentive (except for the water guy), it took about 30 minutes to get our food.. everyone around us got their food before we did, and when it came time to pay the bill, i had to track someone down to swipe my credit card and waited 10 minutes to get the slip to sign.

maybe it was an off-day. i don't know but next time I'm in vegas, i'll pass on this one.
The Julian Serrano Tapas Restaurant carries the name of its executive chef, Julian Serrano, who has made a name for himself in Las Vegas as the celebrated chef at Picasso's at the Bellaggio for the past decade. Prior to that, he was the head chef at the world famous Masa's, in San Francisco.

Here in the Aria at City Center, the grandiose, massive and latest project of MGM Hotel Group, it adds a nice modern Euro feel to the ultra modern and art infused City Center complex, and adds a splash of mediterranean hot colors to the understated Japanese-like hotel color motif of the Aria hotel. It's like a saucy Flamenco dance hall in the middle of the hi-rise offices of corporate giants in the Shinegawa section of Tokyo. Or like the Guggenheim's museum in Bilbao, Spain amidst the rustbelt of the surrounding aging industrial factories that once were the heart of that city. 

It was later on a Thursday when we came, and it was fairly unoccupied. Sat at the bar and was professionally waited on with a lot of attention, owing to the sparse crowd. The room is large and very open; there are dozens upon dozens of bar seats, the ideal tapas location, strung along one side of the restaurant. The ambiance is a classy-festive feel and decor, but very pro in service. 

The specials were told, but they were all fairly heavy and hearty, and we were in a lighter mood, it being about 9:00pm. So we opted for 4 light dishes:

-Marinated Olive Medley ($3) about 5 different offerings including pearl onion
-White Ceviche ($10) This was light, with just a touch of onions and tomatoes, served with a wafer and garnished with cilantro and radicchio
- Escalivada ($8) - were roasted bell peppers and mushrooms in olive oil with a baguette toast slice
- Avocado Cannelloni ($10) this was a light cannelloni wrapped not in noodle, but thin avocado slices topped with chopped nuts, and sided with a dollop of guacamole topped with watercress and a side splash of aioli

With a Gin and Tonic, the bill was $43.24 before tip, and satisfaction came with the refreshing flavors with the creative and traditional dishes from Julian Serrano at Aria.
Ambiance and decor: WOW. It's a gorgeous restaurant!! Too bad the food was just mediocre. 

Tuna raspberry skewer- Interesting pair, but the raspberry was overpowering. 

White ceviche- The acidity was extremely strong, but the white fish was great.  

Mediterranean Bass- Wonderful. It was cooked to perfection and the tomato confit complimented the dish. 

Creamy risotto- MY FAV. 

Spanish chicken croquetas - tooo creamy for my liking. 

It's a cute place to dine and I don't regret coming here.There is a big selection of tapas to choose from and there's something for everyone. Service was on point!
An expensive tapa's restaurant.  Almost everything is great, but realize that everything is pricey. 
Highly recommend the white sangria. Wow, never thought white sangria would be good, actually better than their red.
Definitely order the paella at the beginning so they can get it started - then holler at sangria and tapas, leaving room for the paella at the end!
After walking around the new Aria Hotel and shops at the Crystals, Julian Serrano provided a fancy afternoon snack. The WHITE SANGRIA was delicious, as  was the CHEESE PLATTER and MIXED SEAFOOD CEVICHE. 

Overall, this is nice restaurant is a nice hotel - nothing more, nothing less. We didn't stay for dinner, but I looked through the menu of mostly simple traditional Spanish tapas. This place is missing pizazz and needs more WOW-factor to make my Vegas hit list.
I had a craving for gazpacho soup while we were staying at Aria for 2 nights last week. So I ordered a take out for a lobster gazpacho from Julian Serrano. While we were waiting at the bar, we were offered to taste their sangria, so it was very nice of them. The sangria was really strong so don't drink it with an empty stomach. haha. 
The soup was very great. I got my craving satisfied.
Back again celebrating my sister's boyfriend's birthday, we picked them up from the airport and returned to Julian Serrano anticipating a great dinner by Chef Nathan and his crew.

We got our usuals-Calamari a la plancha, mixed seafood ceviche, risotto, stuffed dates, red sangria,etc. meanwhile, we placed an order for paella valenciana, knowing it takes 35 minutes to prepare...our waiter tries to persuade us to order a paella for four, but we kindly decline, so it'll allow us to order more tapas.

Round two, we get the raspberry tuna skewers, flat iron steak , pan con manchego, and chorizo con huevos y papa which were all tasty. Finishing up round two, Our waiter busts out the DESSERT MENUS!?

We remind him of our Paella Valenciana and homeboy FORGOT TO PLACE THE ORDER! Luckily for him, we were all in a good mood, so his mistake didn't ruin our evening, and it was chef Nathan to the rescue again, sending out an order of croquettas and tuna tiradito to hold us over.
The Paella was tasty as usual, and gone in a matter of minutes...

The best part of the night was when we didn't order desserts because we had Rudy's cake coming...Complete with a firework candle, that cake was the center of attention in the dining room. All you could see was a big smile from ear to ear, and Rudy repeatedly saying "That's frickin' bad-ass!"

That cake looked and tasted great...most of all, it made Rudy's night a memorable one as well. After soaking it all in, and beginning to get teary-eyed, He leans over to Lorena and says,
"I'm 29 years old, and I've never gotten a birthday cake."

Well, there's always a first for everything, and I'm glad I got to give him that moment he'll remember forever.....ALOHA!!!
Absolutely.  Fantastic.  Appetizers. 

My wife and I decided to do a food crawl through Las Vegas the night we got in (a la Betheney, for all you BGM fans).  We stopped at Julian Serrano first and completely destroyed our concept of a food crawl.  My pregnant wife was tired from flying in that day and walking around and wasn't too stoked at the 30 min wait for a table.  The wonderful manager brought a comfy chair out from the back office for her to sit in and personally secured and escorted us to a table as soon as space was available.  Awesome!

The menu is massive, and covers a range of traditional and modern interpretations of tapas.  It's pricey, but you are paying for ambience, the name, and the location.  The food is good, the service is good, and we kept ordering small plates becuase we didn't want to go anywhere else!
I typically wouldn't be so excited about eating dinner at a Tapas (small dishes that would normally be consumed as appetizers) restaurant but on this day, I had already gorged myself at an awesome buffet so when our party met up at 9pm for a bite to eat, I was okay with not eating a full meal.  

The decor of this restaurant is really pretty.  Very modern and hip and I felt one of the cool kids on the block.  When I first viewed the menu, I had counted for dishes that I really wanted to eat.  "I'm not hungry!"  I told my stomach so I cut it down to two.  I chose the shrimp ceviche and the tuna tirado.  Both were DEE-LISH-OUS!  Some other bites I ate off of friend's plates were the seared scallops and the grilled iron flat iron steak.  Very yummy!  

I know.  I hear you.  So why not the 5 stars?  Service sucked.  I don't know if it was a busy night or what but they forgot about us and it took a while for our server to come back and ask if we wanted anything else.  When he finally came back, we were able to order desserts and I thought they were just OK.  So technically, it should be 3 stars but I'm feeling generous today and only dinged them a 1/2 star each on dessert and service.  

I'm hoping to go back there to give them another chance on their service but that'll have to wait until my next trip back to Vegas.
One of the best tapas I've ever had! Good sangria, too! I would've loved to try everything on the menu.  My girlfriends and I ordered a bunch of things to try, none of which disappointed!
One of my favorites and the best tapas anywhere. Puts all others to shame. Go!
The vegetarian tapas at this restaurant are very good. I recommend brava potatoes, spanish tortilla and creamy risotto. They are my absolute favorites at this place.
Great place! The presentation of each dish was visually as well as gustatorily exciting. The small plates made making choices that might normally be out side ones comfort zone a relatively safe bet. Our waiter was accessible and engaging. If you go, ask your waitperson for suggestions - the next time (and there will hopefully be a 'next time') we go, I think I might just ask the waiter to select all our plates

The husband's edit: He wasn't quite as 'sold' on the place as I. He felt rushed (the busboy tried to clear one of his plates before he was done) and at the beginning of our meal, he asked for two glasses of wine; a white for the first several plates to be followed by a red for the last set - the red never came and he couldn't catch the attention of the waiter in time to rectify the issue. Other than that, he loved it and would go back
Went here with my boyfriend for a late night dinner and really enjoyed it.  The decor is really nice and the service was excellent.  My BF started with the lobster gazpacho and liked it but wished there was more lobster in it HAHA!  We also got the salmon with truffle, creamy risotto (YUM!), and stuffed dates (good, but not as good as the ones from Firefly).  Also had a glass of Pinot Noir which was good.  I wish I knew what it was called cus it was so smooth!

Would like to go back and try more....and get more creamy risotto and wine!
My best meal of 2010, hands down!  http://davidstable.com/2010/11/my-favorite-meal-of-2010/
I went here on Saturday for lunch with my family, and I was impressed by the decor and ambiance. For me, the only downside was that we were seated along the side close to where passersby kept stopping to take pictures of the beautiful decor. Next time, I'll ask to be seated further  in. Although it is an open area type seating, so it's still not very private either way. 

The food taste and presentation was perfect though! 5 stars for taste and presentation! I ordered the salmon with truffle for $12 and it was delectible! Although, Julian Serrano is known for it's small plates and tapas, so this was true to their motto, and not a big portion at all. It had a white mushroom on the bottom layered with grilled salmon with crispy skin and a black truffle aioli (I think... it doesn't describe much on the menu). 

My mom and dad each ordered the seafood rice from the lunch menu (which offers slightly bigger portions, but medium overall.... definitely not the typical obese American portion). It was also very tasty. It had mussels, big shrimp, calamari rings, peas, onions, and rice. It was texturally a mix between risotto and paella, which they also have on their menu. 

My brother ordered the lunch menu steak sandwich for $14, which came with a gazpacho and french fries. The sandwich was delicious, but the fries were my favorite!

My grandma ordered the lunch menu salmon sandwich with the mixed salad and gazpacho. We expected it to be a grilled salmon sandwich, but it was smoked salmon with egg and tomato.... such a tasty combination. Once again, as good as the sandwich was, I liked her side... the mixed green salad was perfectly seasoned with olive oil and salt... simple, but perfect!

All in all, I'm a fan! I'm definitely coming back!
Who doesn't love bite sized food? :) I have this theory that miniature versions of food always taste slightly better than their full sized parents (e.g., Minature Resse's Peanut Butter Cups).  Didn't someone say, "big things come in small packages?" :) Well, Julian Serrano might have, because he definitely took that phrase to heart and drove it home with his menu at his tapas (snacks, appetizers, finger foods) joint at the ARIA hotel.

I had been itching to check out the new City Center on the strip for quite some time.  I finally got a chance to make it out there and found myself ready for lunch.  To my dismay the majority of the restaurants I was interested in  weren't open until dinner.  So, after walking around and round I stumbled across Julian Serrano on my way out towards the shops.  Jackpot! It was open, there wasn't a line and it looked pretty :) 

I didn't actually realize it was a tapas joint until we were seated.  The overall feel of the place already gets you excited! From the overly helpful staff equipped with various accents from different countries, to the beautiful artistic layout  and decor of the entire room.  Even though the restaurant is inside the actual Aria they used the space perfectly with almost no walls utilizing the high ceilings to give you that open airy feeling that just makes you look up and exhale with a smile.  The furniture is very modern and the lighting was shining perfectly dim (you know that lighting that let's you still see your food and makes your face look flawless...so FYI perfect date spot: quaint portions of really high quality good food, in a expensive looking place with great lighting that makes you look good...girls will love it, trust me)!

Now for the food...everything I tasted was pretty well...tasty and the plating was simple and clean.  I was fourtnate enough to order a lot and got a pretty good tasting of the menu.

My ORDER:

WILD MUSHROOM SOUP!!! WAS TO DIE FOR! I mean if I could I'd have it everyday...carry it in a camelbak I wear everywhere.

TUNA - RASPBERRY SKEWER...a must try just because the combination and presentation was pretty intriguing and the tuna was good quality.

WHITE CEVICHE...yummy with a good spicy kick.

STEAMED MUSSELS...just okay.  I love mussels so I've had my fair share but good amount for the price.

GRILLED ANGUS FLAT IRON STEAK...just okay too because I love steak so I'm picky when it comes to steak.

BEEF & CHEESE!!! MY TIE WITH 1ST FAVORITE (MUSHROOM SOUP)! So simple but packed with great flavor and texture.

I can't wait to go back and try some more great bites!

My only gripe was that I tried to order a seafood dish and pan manchego but they were all out.  I thought this was definitely poor management and a bad oversight to under order ingredients for a busy weekend.

But other than that...AWESOME!
A well concocted menu in a prime location. The ARIA hotel is simply BEAUTIFUL and modern. Julian Serranos brings the customers in from the outside and it is well worth the price. 

The taste and presentation was exceptional. We especially enjoyed the creamy risotto and scallops. A couple speciality drinks later and we were ready to tackle the Vegas nightlife. This is a great place to start off your evening. Don't expect a private quiet dinner, this place is open, fun and loud.
There is no argument that the food is delicious. 

For the price, however, I would prefer to head over to Firefly and pay about a third the price.  

Definitely worth it if you are willing to throw your money around and are looking for a pretty atmosphere to enjoy your tapas and sangria.

I'd be happy to enjoy another fabulous dinner here...on someone else's dime, that is.
Julian Serrano is on my list of restaurants I go back to when I'm in Las Vegas. It's a tapas restaurant located in Aria (A plus since they perfume the air there #omgsmellssogood). For those of you who don't know what Tapas is, it's the Spanish version of Dim Sum. You just order a bunch of appetizer sized plates. Usually about 3 orders is good for one person. Here's what's good to get:

Imported spanish "pata negra" ham (it's pricey, but worth it)
brava potatoes (crunchy potato squares with  a spicy tomato alioli sauce)
pan manchego (toasted bread, fresh garlic tomato sauce and manchego cheese)
sauteed padron peppers (good for snacking on, like the edamame of tapas)
traditional spanish chicken croquetas (standard tapas dish, always a winner no matter where you go)
grilled lamb chop (only comes with one small chop per order)
beef and cheese (prime tenderloin, cheese, honey, pecans wow really really good)

For dessert get Santiago's cake. It's very unique (not in a crazy taste way) and is the perfect ending for such a great meal every time.

www.anitaeat.com
The place looks fantastic, the decor and design is great.  (Most) of the food was excellent.  The price, like everything in Aria, is top-dollar, so expect to spend a pretty penny if you're making this your meal.

The service was great, the waiting staff was very friendly an attentive.  

This is tapas, so the food is coming to you in small portions.  I love to eat, so while I'll like stuffing my face I exercised the compulsion to devour the plate in one bite.  Yes, you'll be nibbling a little bit of this and a little bit of that.  

As for the food, we tried a bunch but here are a few that stood out to me:

1) Ahi Tuna - Good dish, very fresh and tasty.
2) Lamb Chop - On the small side for sure, even for tapas in my opinion, but very tasty.
3) Eggplant - OK, I have a few words about the vegetarian Eggplant dish.  This one tasted like the chef dumped one of my great grandmother's mason jars of cold veggies out onto a plate and garnished it a bit.  This was the last dish we were served, and sadly, by far the most disappointing food of my whole trip.  The menu would be far better off without offering this one.


I'd recommend this place to try on your Vegas trip if you're into Tapas and either have the cash... or you've got your company card handy.  :)
Third stop on an Aria/Crystals foodie crawl.  We sat down at the bar eager for some tapas and sangria.  I got a glass of red sangria ($4.50 - bargain!), which is my favorite sangria in all of Las Vegas.  Perfect spice to it.  Doesn't just taste like watered down red wine.  My husband got a glass of white wine, the Albarino ($9) which was good but a little sweet for my tastes.  I like dry white wine.

We went a little nuts and got three tapas!  I was really intrigued by the salmon truffle ($12) which is a piece of salmon with bechamel truffle sauce atop a portabello mushroom.  This was actually disappointingly ok.  Maybe I was all truffled out from the truffle fritters at Jean Georges but this dish just didn't do much for me.

We also got the oysters ($10) which the server said could be served with a mango foam or traditional.  This was confusing because the menu said gazpacho foam.  We went for the mango foam, but when we got them, it was definitely gazpacho foam.  Either way, they were very good and fresh.  The oysters come in servings of 4.

Finally we got the pata negra ($35), which we always get here.  Now it is ham, some bread, and a tomato sauce, which may be a little offputting given the price.  But this is famous blackhoofed pig and only comes from Spain.  The ham is cured for 3 years and it is just so yummy.  The tomato sauce, which appears to be fresh tomatoes and olive oil, goes perfectly with the ham.

A good experience but I was disappointed by the salmon so I'll drop off a star.  Plus, they got slammed towards the end of our meal (our server actually exclaimed out loud about being slammed, so it must have been bad) and it took a while to get the check.  No biggie.  Nice atmosphere and it's open to the casino so great people watching.

Check out the bathrooms for sure here.  They are left of the bar towards the back.  Ladies to the left, mens to the right.  They pipe in some Spanish language tapes which are pretty hilarious.  Great restaurant!
We stopped here before the Viva Elvis show.  We were quickly seated in the back as some of the first dinner patrons for the evening.  We promptly informed the waiter that we had ticket for the early show and ordered a round of water while we reviewed the menu. He said he would steer us away from the long prep items.  We quickly decided on about 9 to 10 items for a table of four and two of us ordered wine by the glass.  Food started arriving and the waiter became scarce and I'm not sure why.  We finished our dishes and waited.  Desert menus were delivered but no waiter.  Finally asked for a check due to the time, not the waiter, I was inform we could speed things up by just taking my card and running it.  And we waited... I suggested my guest make the walk to the theater and I would meet them there after I paid the check.  I was informed they were having trouble with their credit card machines and they were running them manually.  Another 5 minutes and  I asked a bus boy where my credit card was and I followed him to a location near the kitchen, out of sight of most of the other guests.  While the Bus Boy was looking for the absent waiter I flagged down the manager and explained the situation.  The check arrived a few minutes later, manager tried to buy us with a couple drinks after the show.  I negotiated drinks at Sage across the lobby, but never went back to collect.  We went to Del Friscos for lemon cake instead and  wrote this review.
Food was good, Waiter was not.
Manager was good, timing was bad.
I know I should not grade on bad timing, but I needed to say something.
What a delicious restaurant both in looks and taste! We ate lunch and ordered a variety of sandwiches--salmon, steak, and egg. They were huge, but more importantly, very tasty and presented beautifully. The winner was the salmon sandwich with eggs so fluffy, they could float! The tapas we ordered were manchego cheese on bread (so,so), rack of lamb (delicious, but only one), sauted spinach w/pine nuts and raisins (refreshing) and lobster soup (wonderfully decadent, especially since the liquid was separately poured over the crab and other goodies). The meal was an excellent value overall, and we liked the fact that we could get 4 separate checks. Would definitely return.
Very impressive. Scrumptious cuisine and reasonably priced.  The mussels were definitely the highlight of the evening, but there were very few downsides.  The service was top-notch.  The only downside was that we ordered 7 tapas dishes and they all came out essentially at the same time.  It would have been nicer to pace the meal, but aside from that it was great. Would return for sure.
Pretty pricey for tapas. The dishes we tried (pan tomate, white fish ceviche, calamari frito) all very average. Nothing really blew me away. We also tried the paella..definitely not worth the 30+ minute wait. I've had a lot better. I tried the crema catalan (kind of like a creme brulee) for dessert and that was kind of "meh" as well.

The atmosphere is definitely lively and fun, service excellent, but the food definitely not worth the price. I don't think I'll be back to try the rest of the menu.
Nothing to rave about here, especially for the price.  I don't eat much seafood though so that could have been good.  I did try the sea bass but it didn't turn me into a fan.
I'm not typically a tapas fan, but found the selection at Julian Serrano to be very good.  The tuna app seemed the hit amongst our group.  Overall, the food was good, but they need to kick up the deserts.  The Crema Catalan was not my fav.  Stop in for lunch and you can get a seat by the kitchen to watch the magic happen.
Full review in blog:  High/Low-lights below.

When the food did begin to arrive, however, we figured out why there was a delay - instead of batching our dozen dishes into waves, they were about to be served all at once.  With plate after plate after plate arriving and filling the table I asked Adrian why this was happening and suggested slowing things down to which he responded "this is a tapas restaurant, sir, it is how things are served."  Having already assured himself a lousy tip by this point I explained to him that although I've never been to Spain I have been to a multitude of Andres and Garces spots, plus other "tapas" style restaurants and have never seen anything like this.  Without apology I watched him amble off to the kitchen where he actually stopped two servers carrying plates (they would have been numbers 8 and 9 on the table at once) and after this service did improve, mildly.

Plate six was Mediterranean stew in deconstruction | prawns | bronzinni | sofrito, the first of the more "modern" tapas.  Familiar with European seabass I think the cut we received was a bit close to the tail and the fish's generally sweet taste was much brinier than expected.  With the prawn slightly overcooked and rubbery the seafood on the plate was fortunately brought up a notch by puréed sweet potato and "sofrito" of garlic, olive oil, tomato, and onion.  Taking bites of everything mixed did indeed harken to a seafood stew, but not an exceptional one in any way.

The final plate in the first (self limited) wave was the best "modern" tapas of the meal - tuna-raspberry skewer | ahi tuna | "molecular" raspberry | wasabi | sesame seed.  At $14 the portion/price ratio was poor, but the flavors and quality more than made up for it.  With the "molecular" aspect a similar texture to a gelee, the sweetness of the raspberry was nicely tempered by the heat of the wasabi while the pan seared tuna coated in sesame seeds lent heft and crunch to the dish.  At the same time visually appealing, texturally intriguing, and tasty this was the sort of dish I had expected when walking into Julian Serrano, though I'd have personally preferred sashimi style from the fish.

The second dish, Wild mushroom soup | shiitake | crimini | oyster | foie gras cream would prove to be another excellent classic dish spruced up with modern technique.  Similar to my favorite mushroom soup of all time (Canoe's creamless Mushroom soup) but topped off with foam featuring the unctuous sapor of foie gras.  Taken on its own the soup itself was hearty, earthy, and minimally sweet - the cream simply added a whole extra layer of flavor.  This, along with the subsequent dish would prove my favorite of the meal.

Overlooked by myself but ordered by my mother, Creamy risotto | wild mushroom | manchego cheese | natural jus was the steal of the menu at a mere $10.  With a base of flawless rice cooked in mushroom broth the dish found heft in the addition of creamy mushroom broth (quite similar in flavor to that on the salmon) while slices of fibrous mushroom added textural variety.  Topped with a slice of slowly melting year-old manchego that added its characteristic aged salinity the entirety of the dish was flawless - I was especially thankful to receive this in the second wave of dishes as I imagine it would not have been as successful in the cooled state.

Where the tuna skewers succeeded, Lobster-pineapple skewer | lobster tail | "molecular" pineapple | sesame oil failed.  Whether it was the small portions of overcooked lobster or the over sweetened and disconcertingly fibrous pineapple gelee I cannot be certain, but the dish was simply unbalanced and any nuance that may have been intended was lost in the sweetness.  As the final fish dish of the night I'll simply say that aside from the octopus the kitchen at Serrano really needs to pay attention to the textures coming out of the kitchen as nearly every fish was overcooked.

Tax and moderate tip included the total cost of the meal turned out to be ~$55/person - not a bad deal considering the fact that we ordered four dishes per person and did not pick based on price.  With that said, when a chef like Serrano attaches his name to something there is an expectation that follows and that expectation was not met.  Overcooked fishes, muddled flavor profiles, and service gaffs (especially the sort where the server tells the diner he/she is wrong) have no place in such restaurants and considering the superstar competition that just arrived in town with two restaurants at The Cosmopolitan these are the sorts of mistakes that could send diners looking for better.
We went for lunch, and got some tapas.  I like my tapas (eggplant & salmon roll), and my husband's salmon sandwich with fries and gazpacho was good too.  The price is very reasonable, especially since it is in the Aria!
My husband ate here this past week  for lunch and were disappointed by the food.  My husband chose the restaurant because it was listed as the best new restaurant in Vegas.  Hmm....well so we ordered the chicken croquetas, wild mushroom soup, white sangria and the mix paella.  The croquetas were not evenly cooked, parts in the middle were semi warm verging on cold and other parts were hot.  The wild mushroom soup was good, that was the only dish we liked.  The white sangria seemed more like a white wine spritzer...where was the fruitiness?...surely not the thin piece of apple they added to our glasses?  Anyway, onto the $50 pan of paella...the rice was totally undercooked....pretty much crunchy in the middle of all the pieces, the lobster was overcooked and there just didn't seem to be much paella in the pan granted it wasn't good enough that we even finished the pan.  However, based on the amount of dishes we ordered we could have easily polished off the paella had it been decent.  This was not a great experience for us, our waitress was okay, though she disappeared in the middle of our meal for quite a long stretch without checking on us.
no, no, no!!! (sigh)

i love tapas.  so i was super stoked to be coming here for dinner.  the space is sort of odd because it's opened into the lobby so everyone can see you eat.  some people may dig that but i don't.

we let the waiter help us choose a few dishes, some were pretty interesting.  i don't remember what any of them were called, but i do remember how we left hungry.  the service was alright.  our server did drop a few utensils or forgot to refill the water, but whatever.  no one's perfect.

look, for the price, i expect to be semi-satisfied when i leave and i defintely don't think the price is worth eating in a setting where i felt like i was eating at some food court in a mall.
A 3.5 star restaurant. Casual feel with tapas style dining or solid entrees. The tapas/appetizers are all pretty decent. They have lots of Spanish type of tapas.

The paella was really disappointing, and expensive, too. Skip it.

Service though was excellent and the whole staff was very accommodating and helpful in providing suggestions and even designing a set menu of recommendations for us.
Half of what we had was VERY GOOD and the other half was mediocre.  

Mussels in a spiced broth, Squid ala plancha with carmelized red onions, Lamb Chop, and Filet with Cheese and honey were the bomb!!!

I will be back to enjoy another Burgans Albarino with the seafood and a Ribera del Duero with the meat!

Some of the other dishes were lackluster, and the atmosphere leaves little to be desired.    Overall, MUCH better than firefly.
I love tapas, so my friends and I decided to try Julian Serrano for some tapas before we leave Aria at Vegas. We were generally happy with the tapa dishes we ordered. I specifically had the Pan Manchego, which was tasty! 

Per our server's recommendation, we ordered the Mix Paella with lobster, clam, mussel and shrimp. It had tons of flavor, but the paella was a bit undercooked. 

Great presentation, service was alright, and the tapas aren't the best that i've had. Still worth a try though!
This place is overrated.  It was fine but not at all special, not a single one of the dishes we ordered stuck out to me as being especially good.  Sorry.

Considering how many great restaurants there are in Vegas, there is no reason to come here.
Most of the menu at Julian Serrano is tapas with the exception of the Paella. We had a group of 4 and had some difficulty ordering so we simply had the waiter do so for us. 

While we were waiting we had some drinks and I have to say that I was impressed with the selection of everything they had. My favorite of the night was the Tito's Homemade Vodka. This is the first time I've heard of it and it was excellent on the rocks. 

The big downside to the tapas here is that the portions are relatively small. Since they were so small I can't even begin to get into the number of things we ordered but you can pretty much point to something on the left side of the menu and we had it. We LOVED everything minus the Tuna-Raspberry Skewers...the two just don't go together. All 5 of us did share all of the tapas so we basically got a taste of everything. I would recommend either not coming here with a big appetite or if you want to share, just doing so with one other person. 

We finished the meal with the Valenciana Paella. The Paellas are made for 2 people (so they say) and we asked that they make one large one for the table. The one we got was rather large and we each took a quarter of it. It was just enough to fill a small bread plate...to give you an idea of how "large" the large is. 

Overall, great service, excellent food...but small portions.
tasty tapas and snobby staff. food was excellent and somielle was very helpful suggesting the cheapest Spanish red to accompany the lamb tenderloin and risotto. the huevos estadillos were awesome. 4 out of 5 only because firefly is my personal favorite.
Tapas can be tricky.  But a la Scott decided to venture into Julian Serrano"s at the aria hotel inn Vegas and sample a few of the offerings. 

First off sheik and cool space. Very inviting. Part of the very modern and edgy hotel build out.  

Tapas can be an adventure so choose carefully.  But if you are feeling less daring you can always go for the paellas.  

Started with the lobster gazpacho.  Quite good and a touch of coconut butter was a surprising add to a traditional spanish soup,

Veered off into the grilled anges flat iron steak.  It tempted me because of the Japanese eggplant.  Good choice but it looked more flavorful then it was. 

Rounded out with the chicken croquetas. A nice and rich traditional tapas dish comprised of chicken and béchamel. 

It's Vegas baby and food here is good on the high end.  This is my second trip to julian serrano and I'd say it is a pretty decent adventure into spanish tapas but hardly knock your socks off. 

Cool space--interesting menu  and despite some blandness in flavors--give it a go for something different a cool setting.   

Price point is on the  high side so be prepared.

A la scott gives this one three stars.
We recently went to Vegas & stayed at the beautiful Aria Hotel. The hotel boasts six restaurants & this is one of them. Tapas have been really trendy the last five years & so many tapas restaurants fall short of executing really good Tapas dishes. But this is Julian Serrano! I couldn't help myself so we bee-lined there Saturday night.  The decor is bright &  there are lots of mirrors. I don't really like watching myself eat & it seemed every time I looked around I caught a glimpse of either myself or someone else stuffing their face!!  So this isn't the most intimate place in terms of being romantic. Tables are pretty close together!! In fact we felt like the people next to us were with us!! LOL! Drink menu is impressive & the sangria is refreshing & delicious. They have some nice beers, tequilas & spanish wines too. In fact the wine list is very impressive. Now the food which I was very impressed with. We shared everything & we started out with the mixed seafood ceviche which had octopus, shrimp & whitefish. This was so fresh & the simplicity of the lime & cilantro really highlighted the fish. Next the gambas, sautéed shrimp, garlic & arbol chilis. This was fantastic too.We decided to try the "new" tapas so we went with the lobster-pineapple skewer w/ "molecular" pineapple & sesame oil. This was not one of my favorites. molecular food can be tricky & I am kind of sick of the foam or gelatin type textures when chefs introduce this food. The lobster was delicious but the molecular part  which was the pineapple had a weird texture. Not my fave but still good.
The cheese platter is fantastic and it has cabrales, goat, la serena & manchego to name a few. The stuffed dates, olives & gazpacho were all fantastic. One of my faves was the escalivada which has roasted eggplant, red pepper, onion & tomato.  The service was just okay but the place was really busy so I will cut them some slack.
So my ratings are as follows:

Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Menu: 5 stars
Food: 5 stars
Would I go back...absolutely!!
I would give this 5 stars except the paealla is not that great. 

As for everything else on the menu, it's as good as anything I've had in my limited Tapas experiences.  Gotta have the potatoes bravas - their sauce is just so much better than a place like Firefly (which I like).  Try the beef and cheese dish too - really tasty.  Chorizo and egg dish is nice too - super rich with browned potatoes.

Usually not a drinker, but the sangria there is really delicious.  I seriously could drink 2 pitchers myself.  Atmosphere is great - prices are high end so expect to pay at least $50 if not more.  Depends on how many dishes you wanna go for.  As I've said before, pass on the paealla.  Kind of bland.
Our party of 8 ordered 26 dishes and every single one was excellent.

Highlights included: White Ceviche, Lobster-Pineapple Skewers, Pan Manchego, Creamy Risotto and the Beef and Cheese. But the crowd favorite was the Brava Potatoes, crispy potato cubes served piping hot topped with spicy tomato and creamy alioli sauce. We also agreed the Huevos Estrellados is probably the best hangover dish ever invented. 

Do not ignore dessert here. Treat yourself to the churros with spicy hot chocolate or the bunuelos - sugar coated donut holes served with butterscotch caramel dipping sauce. Yum, I could go for those right now. 

Price point is high - you'll spend $14 for 4 Lobster-Pineapple skewers, however you are in Vegas and the food is sooo tasty. A pitcher of their refreshing red sangria and suddenly it's easy to justify spending so much on the indulgent meal.  

We really enjoyed our 2 hr dinner in this bright and airy modern restaurant. Service was excellent, noise level was tolerable and the food will bring all of us back next time we're in Vegas.
Sangia, desserts, and tapas yayyyy...
Just think "Firefly" but, $EXPEN$IVE$ ... did I mention that it's expensive? lol

In general, I think when it comes to tapas, the best thing to do is go with a group of people so, you can sample (SAMPS) a lot of different things. It's a good thing we came here for a business meeting.

My faves were:
-the lamb: we all know how much I love that!
-Estrealladose: I think that's how you spell it? It's basically fries with a fried egg on top. And lemme tell you: AMAZING!!! So simple, so rich, and soooo heart attack city (but, let's not think about that) I'd think this would be the greatest hangover food. ever. in. life.
-lava cake: super rich...you can never go wrong with chocolate!
-the donut pieces with caramel and choco dipping sauce: mmmMMmm, the sauces were kinda spicy...not hot (temperature), hot (spicy!)


Oh, I almost forgot, the bathrooms teach you phrases in various foreign languages...lol I'm not kidding. It's kinda funny to be washing your hands and learn to say "I love you" in Spanish...
Having a vegetarian in tow to a tapas restaurant is sure to challenge the menu. My theory held true. It's tough to share and also find value / variety for both. So, in a surprise move for me at a tapas bar, I ordered the chicken breast entree. It had a flavorful glaze and was well prepared. The potato and sausage side was delicious, if a bit too rich when mixed with a dollop of truffle butter. My bad! For $24, I could not have had a better value or been as satisfied had I ordered off the tapas menu.
I love this place and go here every time I'm in Vegas.

It does get pricey but their tapas are intricate and delicious.

My favorite is the seafood Gazpacho that comes with a little ball filled with some gazpacho and bursts in your mouth when you bite it.

I also love their white asparagus dish, the lamp chops, and of course their manchego cheese sandwich with egg.

I can't wait to go back!
***Aria's Julian Serrano is a nice looking tapas spot with a menu that sounds good; unfortunately, the food was surprisingly mediocre***

Julian Serrano is a tapas spot that is near the front lobby of the Aria Hotel.  The decor reminds me a little bit of the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill in MGM Grand in how the restaurant is very much open to the casino and the hotel.  There are no big and thick walls separating the dining area from the nearby bustling activity of the casino.

The decor is very upscale cafe-like and hotel restaurant-like.  Nice and contemporary but pretty standard stuff (not unique or memorable).

We had a few things here and I felt the food looked better than it tasted.  Several of the dishes were average.  I was not a big fan of Fleur by Hubert Keller (a tapas spot in Mandalay Bay), but I felt Fleur was noticeably better than Julian Serrano.

Here is a rundown on what we had.

(Ahi Tuna Tempura) This was ahi tuna two ways.  There was a standard ahi tuna tower on the plate that had an avocado base (fresh and a good flavor but something you will find at a lot of other restaurants).

There was also ahi tuna that was flash fried in a light tempura batter (crispy on the outside but still rare on the inside).  This was okay and I liked the contrast of the cool center with the crisp outside.  Still, I've had a much better version of that dish at Ocean Avenue Seafood in Santa Monica.

(Mediterranean Bass)  This was a bass with the skin-on that was served over some veggies with a light sauce.  It was a light dish and had a mild flavor.  The fish was pretty moist (the skin could have been crisper).

(Cheese Platter) The cheese selection at Fleur was much better.  The cheese here was a little dry (not great flavors either).  The garnishes were also disappointing.  The fruit paste was too thick and lacked sweetness.

(Chicken Skewers) The chicken skewers here were juicy enough, but they lacked flavor.

(Prime Tenderloin Topped With Cheese, Honey And Pecans) The quality of beef was really poor (at least when compared to the other dishes we had here). The beef was a thin piece.  They overcooked it  (it came out well) and it was dry and chewy.  The cheese, honey and pecans were all fine, but the centerpiece of the dish (beef) was a real disappointment.

(Stuffed Dates) The dates here were wrapped in bacon and then deep-fried.  This is a pretty popular combination and their version of it was pretty tasty (though kind of a given with this flavor combination).

Service was okay.  Food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive enough, but I felt the wait staff was not as strong as what I experienced at other Vegas spots recently (including Fleur, Mesa Grill, Comme Ca, Bouchon, and Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill).

I've been fortunate enough to have a lot of service where it felt the wait staff was really putting in the extra effort to make every aspect of the dining experience enjoyable and memorable.  While the wait staff was pleasant enough, I did not get that same feeling here.

Julian Serrano sounds like it would be a nice place.  The menu reads nice as well.  There were mostly misses here though and the food was just not as good as other Vegas spots I've tried in the same price range.  I will give a lot of places a second try, but since we had so many dishes and so many were average, I doubt I would return here.

Aria features complimentary valet parking.  I am not sure if they feature complimentary self-parking as well.
We had the ahi tuna and raspberry skewers and thought they were amazing!  Not many people seem to be a fan, but I loved the unique combination of flavors.

We also ordered the gazpacho because I'm obsessed with it, and this dish did not disappoint!  The best part was this parmasean cheese ball with yumminess inside!  We were trying to share it, so I cut it in half which made it difficult to eat but did not detract from the yummy sauce inside.

We had a couple other non-memorable things but we were still not full.  My boyfriend luckily asked the waiter what he would recommend.  The mussles.  Oh.  Em.  Gee.  The best $9 I didn't spend!  I swear the pot  they brought out with the mussles in a most scrumptious sauce was bottomless.  We must have each had at least 15 mussles.  What a deal!  

The decor is bright and whimsical and I want to tile my future kitchen in those same exact colors!
Just about everything in the Aria is fantastic, and Julian Serrano is no exception. I am not crazy about tapas, but I have an appreciation for unique combination of flavors and textures. The best part of my dining experience was the great selection of wine and spirits.
I love, love, love this place for some tapas and sangria. Four of us went and split the tapas and a pitcher of the cinnamon-spiced sangria and had a fabulous time. The dates stuffed with almonds, wrapped in bacon and deep-fried are life-changing.
I've been here a few times and every time the food is amazing.

Not a cheap place to eat; but the food is soooo good. I've never tried the Sangria (and neither have my dining companions) so I can't speak to that.

We ordered Octopus, White Ceviche, Steamed Mussels, Spanish Chicken Croquettes, and 3 other plates. We shared the Churros with spicy chocolate for dessert; I really don't like chocolate but I loved their spicy chocolate.
Not impressed. We had stuffed dates (almond was a nice addition to the traditional, however fried preparation was not so much) and raspberry and raw tuna tapa, which was unique and tasty, but not amazing. Ambience was more fit for a big group, but portion sizes were not. I feel it was pretty pricey for quality and size of portions. Service was terrible. We had to ask or flag down our waiter multiple times and the place was less than half full. Best part was the red sangria.
I LOVE this restaurant.  Small plates, masterfully done, superb service without being pretentious.  I've eaten here a few times, the first time for a quick lunch - my husband ordered a Spanish Tortilla and after one bite (and ordering another) we vowed to return.

Came for dinner and for some WEIRD reason my husband let me order the wine - the sommelier was great, I gave her my budget, the type of wine I was looking for and she gave me 3 suggestions, the wine I picked was awesome!  I actually am trying to find some locally!  

Started with the pork belly and micro mozzarella - it was delicious. Shared the Paella with Lobster, Chicken, Chorizo, Vegetables & Saffron Rice - perfect to share.  Great combo of flavors and surprisingly none of them got lost.  Had to try the Spanish tortilla - so simple and delicious.  

I will always try to stop in here when I'm in Vegas, you can grab a quick bite at the bar or sit down and enjoy dinner.  I look forward to trying more items on the menu.
I am in love with this place!!  Not only do tapas and sangria melt my heart but this place was amazing.  Every small plate we had was delicious and the sangria was intensely good.  Some of my favorites were the meat plate, cheese plate, french fries with the chorizo and egg, and the spinach.  Each plate was soo good and the service was great.  I will be making this a Vegas favorite for all my trips back!
We had a very nice dinner here.  The lobster gazpacho was very nice. We also enjoyed the crispy pancetta iberica, the charcuterie, and a rabbit dish. We had reservations so our table was more in the back and very comfortable.We bought an older bottle of  wine and received attentive service from the Sommelier.
We got in to Aria late and decided to have a light dinner.  Everything was great, service, food, decor.  Husband and I had 5 dishes between us and everyone was great.  Our waiter helpful and friendly and the support staff equally so.
At Julian Serrano, my wife and I had the single best dining adventure that I've ever had in Las Vegas.  While it may not have been the culinary apogee (that distinction actually goes to Picasso which is of course Julian Serrano's other restaurant located in the Bellagio), the food here was nevertheless absolutely amazing and the service was absolutely the best I've had in Las Vegas.   While it was my Birthday lunch which might cloud my vision a little, our waiter and the whole staff truly made my meal here one I shall remember fondly until the end of my days.

My wife and I walked in last Friday at around noon.   While we had no reservation, the staff greeted us kindly nevertheless and sat us near a TV, as I was following the Villanova - George Mason NCAA basketball game.  Our waiter approached us immediately and suggested we try the sangria.  It being my Birthday, I happily obliged him and I had in fact 3 of them by the time the meal was done.   Let me tell you right now the drink was crisp and very tasty and left absolutely no headache later on (something Sangria is typically notorious for in that regard)

As far as food is concerned, we started out with the Spanish Charcuterie Platter, Fried Calamari, White Ceviche and Crispy Pancetta Iberica.   Of those 4 dishes, the Fried Calamari came out on top, followed by the White Ceviche.   The Charcuterie platter was delightful too, while I must say we were not blown away by the Pork Belly (Pancetta) dish.

We followed up these dishes with 3 more tapas:  Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, the spanish chicken croquetas, and the Flat Iron Steak.   The first 2 were absolutely divine.   The third one was just so-so.

By that point, both my wife and I were absolutely stuffed.   Still, the waiter would not relent on us getting dessert, especially after he heard my wife was a Pastry Chef and it was my Birthday.   We nevertheless declined dessert, being completely full at that point.   Still, the waiter brought us a Crema Catalana on the house.   Since the dish was there, we had to eat it and indeed it was one of the best Creme Brulees (my wife's expected, of course) that I've ever had.   The dessert is served with a pineapple sorbet which is so clean and beautiful that it tastes like you are biting into an icy wedge of Hawaiian Pineapple.

Simply amazing dining experience.   The moment we were out of the restaurant, I tweeted to all the people who were attending the same conference I was that if they had no dinner plans, they should absolutely check out Julian Serrano.   I don't know if they took my advice, but this is a great restaurant and I plan on coming back here many times!
We stumbled in off the plane and had a tasty lunch. For 2 people - calamari a la plancha, xato salad, scallops in romesco sauce, white ceviche and raspberry tuna skewers - it was all good and beautifully presented. No drinks. $80 for a light lunch felt a bit steep.
This is probably about a 3.5 - but I am going to give this guy some benefit of the doubt based on some extremely strong ceviche. A friend recommended this to me, so I made it the last dinner stop of my Las Vegas eating tour.

I started with the mixed ceviche, a mix of white fish, shrimp, and octopus with minced bell pepper and rings of thin sliced red onion in a strong lime broth with plenty of heat. Magnificent. The seafood was delicious, with great variation in texture from one meat to another. I tell you, I ate the red onion...on purpose...simple because it was in the broth. I hate red onion. So this is a major compliment. I almost ordered another one.

That was followed by the poorly named "beef and cheese" which is actually a tenderloin medallion cooked medium rare, topped with a slice of good brie, in a honey sauce with pecans sprinkled over top. The sauce did not over power, the nuts were a nice add, and the beef was cooked just right with incredible flavor. Really delicious. I also ordered some of the wild mushroom risotto, which, while it was actual risotto, was actually just a tad underdone for my taste. It did have nice big pieces of mushroom, as well as a nice slice of manchego cheese - I actually could have done with more cheese, as the umami sets off the earthy mushrooms well.

Finally, molten chocolate cake with blood orange ice cream, ordered on the basis of that ice cream alone. Unfortunately, it really was not very distinguishable from orange sherbet when it arrived. Perhaps if it had been a sorbet. It didn't have the strong dark flavor I associate with blood orange...I think I was really hoping for a sorbet, with a cleaner taste. The cake itself was good, very dense and very rich. Also came out very hot - I almost burned my tongue.

In the end, I'm happy about this recommendation. I like being able to try lots of things, that ceviche was dynamite, and my waiter was very helpful as well. Very good experience.
Yes!

The Octupus was the best I ever had.  Top notch tapas.  The service was friendly and professional.  It is worth the trip, and worth the money.
This place could have been great rather than just ok. The idea of a Spanish tapas bar in Vegas sounds like a perfect match when thinking of the energy, flavors and style of tapas dining. However, considering all the great fancy fused dining options in Vegas that already look like this place, they should have spent more time on making the food tasty and giving diners an authentic taste/experience in a cool modern Spanish setting than just making the plating look pretty in a non descript space.
The decor is generic and way too effin' noisy, but the food is wonderful.
I had a roasted salmon tapas dish with truffle something ... divine. I also had a cheese plate so exquisite it caused me to moan out loud. My companions had a bunch of different things that were delicious as well, but to be frank I was in such a stupor over my La Serena soft sheep's milk cheese that the roof could have fallen in and I wouldn't have noticed.
Top notch modern Spanish tapas served in a very cool, contemporary setting.

The food combines the traditional flavors with just the right amount of modern, molecular gastronomy to keep it cool and fresh.  After several visits, these are my favorites:

Ceviches.  Excellent.  Both (white fish and mixed seafood that adds shrimp and octopus) are near perfect.  The seafood is extremely fresh, peppers and onions still retain their crunch, and the lime juice adds a bright finish without being overpowering.

Angulas (baby eels).  The slight brininess of the eels blends perfectly with the garlic and chili oil that they are served in.  If hundreds of eyes looking up at your from your fork is a problem, skip this dish.

Incredible ham.  The serano is good but the imported pata negra is much better.  A real treat although I would prefer that no sauces or accompaniments be served with it.  Why mask a good thing?

Paellas.  How can you not love chicken, rabbit, and chorizo rice or calamari, shrimp, mussels and monkfish.  All the proteins are cooked perfectly and deeply flavor the saffron rice.  Plan ahead if you want to enjoy the paellas.  They all take about 30 minutes to prepare.

Service is excellent.

The wine list is extensive with a lot of choices from Spain which pair nicely with the food.  Prices are fair by Vegas standards.
Don't get overwhelmed by the endless amount of yummy tapas that Julian Serrano has to offer. Everything on the menu is delicious!! Here is a quick rundown of the different things I had and their individual star rating.

1. Lobster-pineapple skewer -  lobster tail with pineapple and covered with sesame oil - Star Rating * *

2. Seared scallop in a romesco sauce - Star Rating * * * 

3. Sautéed baby spinach with pine nuts, raisins, apples, and shallots - Star Rating * * * * 

4. Marinated olives - Star Rating * * 

5. Pintxo de chorizos, which are mini spanish pork chorizo over garlic mashed potatoes in a garlic sauce - Star Rating * * * * * 

6. Beef and cheese - prime tenderloin topped with cheese, honey, and pecans - Star Rating * * * * 

7. Grilled angus flat iron steak with japanese eggplant and a mushroom demi - Star Rating * * * * *

8. Red Wine Sangria - Star Rating * * * * * 

Again, I think anything you get here will be delicious. And if it's not, it's okay. Tapas are small plates that you share, so just pawn it off to someone else and dig into the next dish.
I can almost blame my gf for going here. ;)  When I said "I think I'm going back to Todd English's place" she said "um, again!?"

Whilst walking toward it I saw this gleaming beautiful restaurant at Aria, looked at the menu and decided to try it.  I should have checked yelp first, though.

The waitstaff was very nice and the service was prompt.  So I guess the design, decor and waitstaff are about the best things about this place.  I mean ... I know Serrano's reputation ... so ... what the hell.

The "marinated" olives were ... what ... marinated in friggin' olive oil?  I think anyone could do that.  They were bland.  The chicken croquetas were ... equally bland.  I started to wonder if the chefs were opposed to using any seasoning.  Then the albondigas came out and ... well ... equally as bland.

About three quarters of the way through one of the waitstaff asked if everything was good and I asked if the chef had salt or pepper in the pantry.  With one bite left -- yes, I ate everything as it was my first meal of the day -- they begrudgingly brought salt and pepper to my table.

The server told the manager what I'd said and he came over and in essence said "Everyone loves this place; there's no way it could be bland."  Since I had my macbook pro open -- as I was editing photos from an assignment -- I showed him his yelp rating and the fact at least half of the people felt the same way I did.  He still stuck to his guns.

I was like, "Cool, bro, I'm not the only one who feels this way."

Unless this chef gets chewed out by Serrano and is told/taught how to season food I wouldn't be charmed into this place by decor alone.

Not only ... I'm totally checking yelp next time before venturing in somewhere shiny and pretty.

This place is a total pass for me.

Perhaps they should put salt and pepper on the tables?
great idea to have small portions of everything and to share with everyone else on the table.
waitstaff was great, although we had to wait for our table- and we had reservations- but the food and drink was worth it, loved the salmon with truffle- melt in your mouth salmon and the chewy portabello underneath was a great compliment and the pintxo de chorizo was heavenly. when we go back to vegas, i'm bringing the family!
What's a girl to do?  Eric R. had some friends in town staying at Aria - they told us to come around 8:45 or 9, but they HAD to be at XS between 10:30 and 11 to line jump into the club.  A Friday night, on the strip, and a quick dinner?  Sounds like Mission: Impossible!

Well, I had done some yelp-homework driving over and read a few reviews from yelpers I trust, and figured we might get into Julian Serrano fast and have a decent meal.  Everyone on yelp said potatoes bravas but my weird fiance dislikes potatoes so we did not go for that.

We got in fast (they said 15 minute wait, it was 5), and our server was really quick and friendly.  The two friends ordered entrees (lamb chops and chicken breast) but Eric R. and I opted for tapas.  We shared the calamari a la plancha with caramelized onions (definitely one of my faves), the frisee-smoked salmon-anchovy salad (was okay), the ahi tuna cones (too mayo-y and nothing special), and the duck confit with orange (also a fave).  Eric ordered the pizza special and the lobster-pineapple skewers for himself.  He seemed surprised that I didn't want ceviche, but I ordered to share and he doesn't like ceviche.  Plus he ate more than me anyway with his own 2 tapas.

We also split a pitcher of Sangria ($44, much higher than off the strip of course) but it was about 1.5 glasses per person for $11 each rather than 1 for $9 each, so it seemed to be a good deal.  Overall, it was pricey and okay, the service was good, but we don't plan to return.
Had dinner here with a good friend.  Have always passed this by on prior visits to Aria and never gave it a 2nd thought.  When he suggested Tapas for dinner, I was excited to give this joint a try.

The menu isn't as extensive as other Tapas restaurants, but the quality is exceptional.  We ordered:

- Brava Potatoes (Spicy Tomato, Alioli Sauce, $8)
- Creamy Risotto (Wild Mushroom, Manchego Cheese, Natural Jus, $10)
- Pan Tomate (Toasted Bread, Fresh Garlic, Tomato Sauce, $6)
- Spanish Tortilla (Potatoes, Eggs, Onions, $8)
- Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (Goat Cheese, Mushrooms, $10)
- Stuffed Dates (Almond, Applewood Bacon, Spicy Piquillo Pepper Sauce, $8)
- Buñuelos (Spanish Doughnuts, Butterscotch, Caramel, $8)

The Brava Potatoes were OK.  They had good flavor, but were very filling.  I don't recommend having this if you want to try more than a couple of items....this is a gut-buster.

The Creamy Risotto was awesome!  I finished it off in no time.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=lMySncNeWzMMnVjutvUdYw

The Pan Tomate was pretty good....an excellent start for the meal.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=GGXY6sUnEQD0-tlpUFHM_w

The Stuffed Piquillo Peppers were my favorite...yum!  They cooked just right and the sweet and savory flavor of the Peppers went perfectly with the Goat Cheese and Mushrooms.  I could eat a large plate of those, easily.

My friend had the Stuffed Dates and the Spanish Tortilla.  He enjoyed both of them.

The other highlight of my evening was the Buñuelos.....damn, these were good!  The Caramel Butterscotch dipping sauce went perfectly with the Spanish Doughnuts.  I love how they have the toothpicks for easy dipping/eating.  They are addicting too because I can't get my mind off of them.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=6365pbJb9_eE-Hj_kxdMtw

Overall, it was a great meal and good times.

Return Factor - 90%
Meh.  This was a culinary let down.  I'm a fan of Tapas and here is what I thought.  Pretty expensive for what you get and really nothing that special.

Nice staff and atmosphere - hip, fun
Stuffed dates - fry oil past it's prime ?
Lamb Chop - Very Fatty, half raw.
Lobster Salad - really good.
Olives - they're olives.
White anchovy - very salty
Potato/Onion Gratin - so salty it was stupid

So, not so amazing.  I think Serrano of Picasso fame is a great chef, but Serrano was just average Tapas.
I am a big fan of Tapas. Having been to Spain a number of times I am somewhat of a Tapas-snob, if you will. I wanted to try this restaurant because, well...it's a Julian Serrano! And it was in the new city center where my friends and I wanted to be. The ambiance left something to be desired. It was an open plan and open to the "mall" or whatever you call the Aria lobby. It almost gave off the feeling of a food court. And when you're paying top dollar for tapas, you want an ambiance. But regardless, the sangria was perfect, not too sweet and had the perfect balance of wine and fruit. The lobster gaspacho is so delicious, but I wish the bowl was bigger. With the gaspacho came an egg that may have been dipped in liquid nitrogen. It was exquisite. We also tried the patatas bravas, which were good and pretty much one of the only traditional things on the menu. I also had the tuna cones, which were fantastic and the lobster with molecular pineapple. This was my first experience with molecular gastronomy. I will say it was definitely interesting. The pineapple ended up having the texture of polenta. Overall the food was good but with the decor and pricing, I expected more.
Was there on a Friday night with some out of town friends.  Just came back from the M Hotel on the outskirts and then headed here.  Reservation was at 9pm which was fine.

Arrived, they walked us through to the back of the restaurant near a huge wall display.  Told the waiter it was our first time here and he guided us through the tapas and made suggestions.  We settled on about 5-6 various tapas with a bottle of Champagne.  Wonderfully done.  Service was prompt, as soon as one plate was empty it was cleared and the next tapas brought to the table.  Glasses were kept filled as they should have been and we didnt have to do a thing.  Wonderful.

Main course came, we ordered two variations of paella, one traditional and one with lobster.  Along with this a lovely Rioja that just fit together very well with the food.  One thing that amazed me, either time passed very slowly with the appetizers or we went into time warp but the paella came out quickly.   Couldnt have been more than 15 minutes, and the restaurant was full.

One thing I do remember was the bathroom.  Nice music inside, clean and as it should be.  I was impressed, and if I'm impressed with the bathroom, imagine how the restaurant is.

Really well put together place.  Waiters and waitress' did an excellent job at guiding us through the evening.  Somebody knew how to run a restaurant.  Hope that its the same when I go back for another visit.
A whole new take on tapas -- some mini- masterpieces here. Highly recommend the chicken croquettes,  beef and cheese.  The lobster and pineapple was a bit out of balance -- lobster overpowered by a tangy pineapple aspic .... chocolate souffle and apple blossoms excellent.
This was my first real "tapas" dining experience and probably will be my last.

I knew tapas were small plates and meant for sharing...but um, what is there to share?  Unless you're here for a snack or on a really strict diet, it may not be a good choice if you're hungry.  The 3 Stars is not just for SMALLER than normal portions, but the lack in flavor of some of the Tapas.

1.  Bacon wrapped stuffed dates:  1 star.  Isn't the bacon supposed to be salty to contrast the sweet date?  The whole thing was just too sweet and bacon was burnt and had no saltiness. 

2.  Pork Belly:  1 Star.  Not really pork belly, just a piece of roast pork.  One bite and it was all gone.  Nothing spectacular.

3.  Lobster skewers: 1 Star.  Just skip it. trust me.

Fortunately, there was a light at the end of the Tapas tunnel.  We decided to order the Mixed Paella and it turned out to be delicious!  It was one of the best paellas I've ever had.  For $50, enough to share...or feed one hungry person.

Also, I have to give stars to the service.  This place had really good service and the Sommelier was very knowledgeable and made really great suggestions for wine pairings.
Seeing as the pub next door had a line of 500 for nickel PBR's, and Beso seated their last table 20 minutes prior, tapas seemed like the most appropriate choice for a 10:30PM dinner.  Besides, without any walls, who could resist looking in and admiring the millions of colorful little mosaic pieces that tiled the floors and columns?  Absolutely stunning. 

Service was attentive.  The host at the door smiled sincerely.  The waiter greeted us with a courteous grin - serious, yet gentle. 

Sangria was sampled, and the red was chosen.  The white offered friendly flavors, sweet for those who cringe at the bitters from reds.  However, the red stood bold, while embracing the sweets of the fruits.  It was just a beautiful mixture of character and quality.

Raspberry Tuna. Amazing.  Visually, you acknowledge two cubes of the deep, dark shades of red.  One cube has four sides rolled in a mixture of toasted black and white sesame seeds.  The other cube, skewered and stacked elegantly on top, had a gentle dash of pixie dust (otherwise known as wasabi powder).  Gently lift the skewer, but careful not to let it rip through the cubes... The raspberry cube instantly melts - velvety and smooth - offering tart flavors to the subtle tuna and sesame seeds. 

Garlic shrimp - another winner.  Chorizo and mashed potatoes - perfect for a pre-going out item.  I have yet to try the paella - perhaps when I go with a party of 12.  

My advice: try everything on the menu.
This place fits the atmosphere. Anyone rating anything lower must be a Tapas fanatic. Anyways, every order was great. If your going to hit any club after this is the type of place that won't give you the food coma. You can't go wrong with any thing you choose here i think. Like what i said about the atmosphere, i feel the same about price. If your going to worry abour price, then maybe hit up the cafe, not in aria, somewhere else. Price is going to be high, but what can you expect. 

Ever saw that movie "get him to the greek" and remember what Ditty said about vegas? well yeah, if you know it, then accept it and enjoy the ride. 

But yeah, this place is what it is. Enjoy the food, cause not only are you in vegas, but the quality fits the price. The pork belly was to die for. The seafood dishes i had were perfect with spice. Finally the only regret i had was i didn't take pictures cause presentation was the best. Coming back for sure.
Came here with a group of friends (4 people total). Started off with a mojito (was standard) and my friend got the ginger pear julep, which was pretty good, a little on the sweet side. Note that this restaurant is not traditional in the sense that it isn't in an enclosed area but rather just an open spot in the Aria, a beautiful hotel. 

Stand outs for the night included the creamy risotto (this one went SUPER fast), steamed mussels (delicious and you get a lot), flat calamari (whole calamari, not diced or cut up), the huevos estrellados (fries with the chorizo and egg, very good), and the tuna cones. 

Downers were the brava potatoes (they were okay) and the white ceviche. 

All in all, a decent meal and a fair price (considering it was Las Vegas). Portions are a little small so make sure you ask for bread and use it to dip it into all the different types of dishes!
Julian Serrano is considered a fine dining restaurant, but the restaurant's location is in an open area of the ARIA Hotel, seemed to me more like a casual environment. The décor is lovely and modern, but doesn't have that Spanish Tapas feel. The wait staff is very prompt and courteous. For a party of 4, we pre-order the Mixed Paella, which required 35 minutes to prepare. So we indulged on a couple of pitchers of Mojitos. It didn't take too long before our Paella arrived. 

Entrees: 
Steamed Mussels, steamed in shallot and garlic, brandy, natural jus. Broth was full of flavor, just wished we had bread to soak it all up (wasn't offered). 

Brava Potatoes, covered with spicy tomatoes and aioli sauce. Spicy with a kick! 

Mixed Paella with lobster, mussels, chicken, Spanish pork chorizo, vegetables and saffron rice. The rice was a little under cooked. Lots of ingredients but lack the saffron flavor, which makes a good paella dish. 

OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Not your norm tapas place. I'm used to tapas places with the Spanish flare, fun décor and loud (the louder the better!). A bit pricey, but that's what you pay to get the Vegas feel. Portions were small.  I guess my search continues to find the best tapas place in Vegas.
"mmmm!" i LOVE tapas and this place is awesome! I especially adore the atmosphere, not too fancy fancy, but not too casual either; just perfectly sweet.  I went here for dinner to celebrate one of my best friend's 30th birthday.  It's definitely fun to share a pitcher of sangria while sharing a bunch of yummy small plates.

Here's what we ordered; well the only ones I remember since I Yelped a couple weeks too late.  But if I remembered them, they're good!

- Lobster Salad: a small serving but worth every bite!  We all loved it!
-Tuna Cones: I love  tuna and I love avocado.  The cucumber makes this plate taste really fresh.  This dish is delish!
-Salmon Truffle: This dish was my most favorite.  I love truffle; the taste of mushrooms paired with Salmon in this plate is a perfect match.  It's like luxury in your mouth; mouth watering - GOOD!
-Cheese platter: everything on this plate is yum if you love cheese like me and my girls do

I think this place is great if you're unsure of what to eat because you have a variety on the menu to choose from and it's always fun having a lot of things to share; either with friends, or your significant other.  Tapas is always fun to eat!
The tapas here were full of flavor. Mussels were great, shrimp skewer eh, ok. The pork beef Fois GRAS was great... The best was the service and the sommelier Desi is really good. He's a level three som, which shows the knowledge and just follow his suggestions, trust me I'm a som, the wines are good.
AMAZING lunch here!  We had Brava Potatoes (with a tomato sauce and aioli), Gambas (shrimp in garlic butter and chilis), chorizo with garlic mashed potatoes, serrano ham, and chicken chirondon (served with a tomato sauce and fresh rosemary sprig).  I had a white sangria, my husband had a delicious Pinot, and our daughter had a virgin sangria - all really good.    The most innovative tapa was the lobster & "molecular" pineapple skewers - yummy.  Dessert was to die for:  I had churros with a spicy hot chocolate dipping sauce, and our daughter had a molten chocolate orange cake.  The presentation was beautiful, and the service was attentive. 

We've had tapas in Toronto, Boston, Mission Viejo, CA and Mojacar, Spain, and this is ranks up there with the best. 

An added plus: make sure you use the restroom for Spanish lessons while you do whatever you're doing in there (the Men's, I'm told, has a racier bent).
Best place we ate at in Las Vegas.  The food was amazing.  The service was terrific.  We had an issue with one of our tapas being late to the table, without any prompting, the waiter removed it from the bill.    Ever single dish was outstanding!
One of the best Topas resturants there! Great atmosphere inside the city center. A must have is the Paella! But I do not think I have had anything there that I didnt like!
Good $$$ food, but tiny tiny portions. Listen to your waiter when he says you should order at least 3-4 tapas per person. We shared:
Tuna tempura: 4/5 
Angus beef: 3/5 came out medium when we ordered medium rare, nothing special
Brava potatoes: 4/5 creamy and spiced sauce gave it a nice kick. 
Mixed paella: 3/5 seafood flavor is overwhelming! Lobster pieces are sufficient if you aren't that hungry.
For my last meal in Vegas, I wanted to try a place on the Strip owned by a "name" chef. And why not try a different cuisine out at the same time? When I came across Julian Serrano at the Aria, I knew this was the place to try. It is my first time trying out Spanish cuisine, not counting an Elite Event at Pintxo last year.

While the dinner entree menu is high priced, I found lunch here to be reasonably priced. Tapas are offered for lunch alongside items like sandwiches, salads and paellas which range from $10-$14.

The decor is Spanish with a lot of bold and bombastic colors. Yellow being dominant. It is an upscale restaurant, but it feels very inviting. Even though I was dressed casually, I felt comfortable here. Though this was at lunch. Not sure what the vibe at dinner is like here.

I had the seafood rice ($14) which is a paella that has calamari, mussels, shrimp and monkfish! It is served in an individual size skillet which I praise for presentation. The actual dish itself was okay. It was a little too salty. Probably from the stock. The saffron rice could have cooked a little longer. Tasted a bit firm. I did like all of the seafood and the green beans were fresh and crisp however.

I did also get a red sangria ($9) here. It is good, albeit a little pricey. The  drink was filled with orange and apple slices. It is a good addition to your meal.

Overall, I like Julian Serrano more than I dislike it. Seemed like the dish that I had was not executed as well as I would have liked. Still the lunch menu here is worth checking out for moderately priced eats.
GREAT lunch at Julian Serrano..me and my fiancee's last meal before leaving LV. Every single thing we put into our gaping maws we loved......lobster gazpacho, goat cheese-stuffed piquillo peppers, fried potatos with chorizo and fried eggs, seafood-saffron rice, bread with tomato and machego cheese, tuna/raspberry skewers, lobster/pineapple skewers....I definetily want to come back for dinner when they have a more extensive menu. The pitcher of sangria we got was $$$$ at 44 bucks, but it was huuuuugge. Service was very good and our server made good recommendations.
We recently celebrated a 40th birthday with 18 friends for dinner at Julian Serrano.  Everyone loved the food, Sangria, and the service.  We couldn't have been happier, and we'd highly recommend this restaurant for a similar event.
I was pleasantly surprised by Julian Serrano.  The 9 of us went for dinner on Saturday night and it was pretty packed.  The service was excellent and very proper which I loved.

To drink, I had the Manzana Delizioso and it was so delicious!  Not too sweet, fresh apple taste.

To eat, we had:

Mixed Seafood Ceviche: really good.  Seafood was fresh and the flavors were excellent.
Meat and Cheese: piece of perfectly cooked medium rare soft tenderloin and a slice of brie cheese atop a slice of baguette.  Delish!
Mushroom Risotto:  cooked al dente.  This was good but it didn't blow me out of the water.
Fried Calamari: calamari could have been bigger.  I felt like I was mostly eating fried batter.  The roasted pepper sauce was good but not great.
Bacon Wrapped Dates: I've had this dish tons of times before and I sometimes even make it at home but this wasn't very good here.  I think it was mainly because it was fried.  I had never had this dish fried but I didn't think it added anything to it.  As the matter of fact, the fried aspect brought this dish down.
Crispy Pancetta:  pork belly with molecular mozzarella with a shot glass of pea puree.  I wasn't impressed by this dish at all.  I didn't get the whole molecular mozzarella especially because I didn't think it added much to the dish.  You can barely taste it.  The pea puree?  Eh, it wasn't great either.  I just didn't think the components of this dish came together well.
Black Rice: undercooked.  The seafood in it was good but the rice was hard.  Wouldn't order this again.
Brava Potatoes:  cubes of cooked potato with some type of sauce on it.  Underwhelming.

I give this place 3 stars because it's ok but not great but I would still go back for a pre-partying dinner.  It's nice because you can get a bunch of dishes and share and not get too stuffed.  Oh yeah, and I really appreciated their great service! :)
My first night back in Vegas, we decided to grab a quick bite and were not disappointed. I love food, with a passion. I consider myself well versed in most countries offerings,  but Spanish tapas are still an unknown territory for me. I'll eat anything delicious and left the ordering to my more experienced dinner date.

Baby eels, yes, baby eels. I love baby eels now. Tender, juicy, full of flavor. Wish I could get some baby eels right now. 

Yes the plates are small, but that's the beauty of tapas. You order several plates and share. The chefs did a great good of bringing out the natural flavors in all our choices and the champagne pairing we chose with the help of our knowledgeable waiter made it a perfect meal to start out our stay at Aria. 

A table close by ordered the Lobster Paella, that is NOT a small plate. And it smelled AMAZING! I will be be back!
I came here just a few weeks ago with my best friend and her family, and we were stayed at Aria. When she said we were eating at a tapas restaurant, I wasn't that excited because I had never really tried anything like it, and it didn't sound appetizing. 

Boy was I wrong! Although plates weren't main course-sized, the tastes weren't anything short of spectacular. We ordered so much food I thought they would never stop bringing out plates! Ahi tuna tempura, tuna-raspberry skewer, crispy pancetta iberica, tuna cones, fried calamari, salmon with truffle, creamy risotto....we ordered it all! 

Everything was so delicious and fresh with flavor. The portions turned out to be just right so you could try a little bit of everything and I admit I got two plates of the risotto! The service was impeccable, with waiters left and right, always ready to re-fill your glasses, clear your plates and bring you more dishes. It is a little pricey and I won't mention what our bill total came to, but I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  
I make sure I stop here at least once with every visit.
Favorites:
Ahi Tuna Tempura--    I'm not a big fan of Tempura, but this is off the charts. Finely breaded, then like a sheet of paper... pure excellence.
Tuna-Rasberry Skewer-  what amazing combination of flavors- pops in your mouth--  muah!!
Ceviches--all of them are amazing--   same level as "La Mar".
Fresh Calamari a la Plancha--  so fresh!
Brava Potatoes--classic Spanish appetizer-  watch out-  you'll want to eat the entire bowl. 
Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak--  this is  so good!
So, next time you're in Vegas--go to the Aria Hotel and check out Julian Serrano-- you won't be disapointed.
Oh yeah,  try the drunken cherry drink--   amazing!!
I had the pleasure of dining at Julian Serrano 2 nights in a row during my recent trip to Vegas. We didn't have reservations either time but found quick and easy seating, with friendly and attentive service, at the bar. 

Night 1 we stopped in for tapas and drinks. We ordered the mixed seafood ceviche (I could have eaten a bucket full of that stuff), the tuna-raspberry skewer (beautiful, tender, melt-in-your-mouth tuna), and the seared scallops (perfectly cooked). Everything was very fresh, very flavorful, and absolutely delicious. I also enjoyed the tasty red sangria. 

Night 2 we were tired of paying Vegas food prices and decided that $45 paella for 2 sounded perfect. We started with a lovely Mediterranean bass. I almost licked the remaining tomato confit off the plate. Then came our "marinera" paella and, unfortunately, it was quite underwhelming. All of the individual ingredients were certainly fresh-tasting but the dish itself was under-seasoned and bland. Very disappointing.

I highly recommend Julian Serrano for the tapas and I hope to try a different "platos grande" another time.
What I had:

* Spanish Tortilla (potatoes | eggs | onion)
* Brava Potatoes (spicy tomato | alioli sauce)
* Paella Valenciana (chicken | rabbit | spanish pork chorizo | vegetables | saffron rice)

What better place for Tapas than Julian Serrano...Bummer....No Julian Serrano here in CA...Me and my friend loved this place...Everything was great, service, promptness, quality of food...

Paella Valenciana: I haven't had rabbit for a long time and the texture of the meat was cooked to perfection...

The Spanish Tortilla: though it sounds pretty simple is the perfect timing to cook its 3 ingredients, the result an amazing product...

Brava Potatoes: Out of this world...

I did not have dessert since I was pretty full, but I bet you it was going to be as awesome as the food...

Looking forward to go back to Vegas...
I really wanted to eat at Sage again (my favorite restaurant in Vegas) but found out there were closed on Sundays.  Luckily, Julian Serrano is just a couple steps away.   I love Julian Serrano.  I never thought I would say that, especially because I wasn't too impressed by his other restaurant, Picasso at the Bellagio. 

I have dined here a handful of times and I've enjoyed every meal here.  I think my boyfriend and I have almost ordered every item on the menu.  You can't go wrong with any of the tapas.  They're all tasty and delicious.   

I love the lobster gazpacho.  Its so refreshing and the lobster is cooked perfectly.  The seared scallop with romesco sauce is to die for.  I eat this dish all by myself.  The scallop just melts in your mouth.  But my favorite tapa has to be the albondigas (beef and pork meatballs).  I could eat that for breakfast, lunch, and dinner- its that good.  I don't think I could ever get tired of eating that.  The paellas are also very delicious and filling.  Like I said, you can't go wrong with any dish here.  Come with a large group so you can try it all.  Oh, and the pitchers of sangria aren't bad either.
My parents go to Vegas all the time and have been raving about Julian Serrano for months. If I trust anyone's opinion about good food, it's my theirs, so I decided to give it a try. 

Oh. My. Gosh. This place is amazing.

We arrived for our reservation at 9 and were promptly greeted and seated in the beautiful dining room. The lighting was perfect, and it felt open and airy yet cozy and comfortable. And the chairs were so comfortable - I could have stayed there all night.

Anyway. Onto the food. I'm a huge fan of tapas in general. I think it's so nice to be able to order several small plates and have a taste of them all. It feels relaxed and comfortable to share food with friends and family and get to ooh and ahh over the same stuff. Plus, there's no awkward lingering jealousy when someone gets a perfectly cooked steak and you just ordered overcooked chicken. Not that anything was overcooked at Julian Serrano. Quite the contrary. Everything was cooked to perfection.

Here's what we had - complete with letter grades:

Seared Scallops and Romesco Sauce: A+
The scallops were to die for. Melted in my mouth. They were naturally sweet and paired brilliantly with the romesco sauce. Probably the best scallops I've had - and I eat a lot of scallops. I can never turn down scallops.

Pork Belly, Petit Pois Puree and Molecular Mozzarella: A
Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned. The cold pea soup offered nice contrast. (I hate saying things like that.)

Duck Leg, Orange Sauce and Fresh Orange: A
I sound like a broken record, but perfectly cooked and seasoned. Delicious.

Wild Mushroom Risotto, Manchego Cheese and Natural Jus A-
Creamy and flavorful. I scraped the plate shamelessly.

Mini Spanish Pork Chorizos, Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Sauce: B+
These were great and had they not been served on the same table as the pork, duck and scallops I'd probably remember them more clearly. 

I think we also had black rice, but I didn't care for it too much (FYI - it was my dad's favorite, so don't not order it on my account!)

I also had the sangria - they add brandy to theirs so it has a great depth to it. I'm no sangria expert, but I'd order theirs anytime.
We weren't too hungry, so this place was perfect. Got to try a few different things. 

Calamari (sautéed) - my favorite. I WILL be back for this!!!
Ahi tempura - only 2 pieces but good
White ceviche - good size, refreshing  
Salmon with truffle oil - good size, different, 
Flat iron steak - ok, but I'm not a big fan of steak. 
Almond cake - good, nothing amazing... I should have tried the sweets across the way :(
I've been there twice on my recent trip to Vegas. Very, very good food. Everything was extremely tasty. The waiters are a bit condescending and cold, but they are knowledgeable. 
Portions are even smaller than you would expect, but really good. I will go back for sure.
Mmm. Firefly to the tenth power. Food came out bangin'. To begin we ordered the stuffed dates, some of the lightly breaded calamari, pan y manchego cheese, paella and I believe braised mussels. Definitely one of the best food experiences I've had since moving here. Paella was delicious. It came out hot, with a lobster claw and a ginormous prawn for the "Mixed Paella" that was nice and tender. Service was on point -- filling our water when needed, divvying our paella, providing us with some bread when we needed to sop up some mussel juice even. Service wasn't too obtrusive and dispite being a little secluded in the back corner (it was by choice as I wanted for me and the date to have a little privacy) came by frequently enough to check up on us when needed. 

Oh and all that seafood paired with the light, crisp white wine sangria just made my mouth melt. I wanted a pitcher. But watch out tho' folks, just like any well prepared, crazy yummy, addictive sangria, this one is a creeper drink. Talk about the perfect libation to cool off that stifling Los Wages heat. Definitely enough to get that party started.. When it was all said and done we were so full we passed up dessert.

One *very* minor knock though is the restaurant's casual ambiance. While I knew it was a fairly laid back spot with it's open air setting I expected at least a few secluded areas with more private dining where I didn't have to hear the adjacent table's conversation.. or visa versa. But so what, it may not be an incredibly romantic spot but the great food, white wine sangria and service left me wanting to come back for more, date in tow or not.
Overall, a good experience, but wouldn't go back. 

The good- takes reservations, helpful waiter, pretty fast service, decent food, and splits the bill 5 ways with 5 credit cards.  The bad- it ate my wallet, inside and out.  serving size is ok to share, and ok to not share.

What we ordered: 
lobster salad- decent.  not too special
crispy pancetta iberica- pork was excellent (nice and fatty), but pee puree on the side was nasty.
white ceviche- excellent job with this.  the only thing at the end was that it got super sour. 
mediterranean bass- nice and moist.  nothing too special about it, but they did a good job of it.
tuna cones- aesthetically pleasing to look at.  i don't really like avocado, but it was good to eat.  towards the end though, it got a little too rich and creamy. 
seared scallop- i've had better.  came out rubbery since it was a little overcooked.  don't order this.  only two pieces too!
pato confitado- my dish of the night.  duck was SUPER tender, SUPER moist.  the sauce was excellent.  a MUST-TRY.  
grilled angus flat-iron steak- just the regular.  don't bother wasting your time since you can get it practically anywhere.  
bacalao a la gabardina- battered fried fish.  nothing too special but the dipping sauce was good.
red sangria- couldn't really taste the fruit in there, but it was good.
virgin sangria- tasted like a dole fruit juice, but better.  had fresh strawberry puree in it.  

We ordered double of three dishes, but all this was enough to get us pretty full.  The desserts looked appetizing, but since we were in a happy place and out wallets already emptied out, we called it a meal.  Just...be prepared to spend $40-$50 per person at least if you're planning on eating this for a full on meal.  Enjoy!
Stuffed dates and peppers are AWESOME also love the lobster/ pineapple bites! Sangria is good not great. Great for a group!
I took a party of six to Julian Serrano for an early dinner on a Saturday.  We ordered twelve different tapas and four desserts and barely a crumb was left when we were done.  Here's a descripton of some of the tapas we tried:

--Calamari--Light and delicious!  The breading was light and the calamari was fresh and not chewy.

--Cheese plate--Everyone enjoyed trying the different cheeses-- the manchego and goat cheese were table favorites.

--Egg ravioli--This was unreal!  I have no idea how they put a poached egg wrapped in bacon inside of a fried phyllo shell, but it was fantastic.   Very mild taste.

--Spanish pizza (with sobrasada)--The crust was buttery and delicious and the toppings were a big hit.

--Mushroom risotto--This risotto was the tastiest I have ever had in the U.S.  

--Lobster and pineapple skewers--beautiful presentation and the lobster was very fresh

--Wilted baby spinach--I am not a big lover of spinach but this was delicious!

Our favorite dessert was the Spanish donuts with caramel dipping sauce.  We enjoyed the almond cake was well.

Our entire party enjoyed the dining experience.  We had great service, too.  I can't wait to go again!
So Sunday we were looking for something different. We decided to
this place out. Tapas in general were very good. The Paella was ok and the Red Sangria was flavourful. Compared to the tapas joint here in Maimi, we thoroughly enjoyed it.
Amazing! We went here for a Father's Day/My Bday dinner before going to a show. I wanted tapas and Julian Serrano delivered. 

We started with Pan Manchego (manchego cheese on bread with tomato and garlic sauce), Serrano ham, and the ahi tuna sticks. The tuna sticks were just ok. Then we ordered Seared Scallops (which were cooked to perfection - not overdone, and so sweet, like butter), pintxo de chorizos (chorizo sausage with mashed potatoes) - OK, camarones a la plancha (the shrimp head is the best!), sutffed dates - ok. We also ordered 3 other things - but my list is already too long. 

Then we ordered the almond cake and bunuelos (little donuts) for dessert.

The bunuelos came with a caramel sauce and our server said they would be good with the chocolate sauce that comes with the churros, so she brought a small bowl of that. It was a spicy chocolate sauce that was awesome!

Their red sangria was excellent, and our server's knowledge about Spanish wines came in handy. 

Overall, I had a great dinner here and would love to come back.
This place was great I loved the atmosphere the most.  We went with 2 friends and I had a great time.  The wait staff  was very nice.  Well now to the food.  The avocado roll with salmon was great it was light and refreshing. We had the octopus with potatoe and that was very nice it was very well seasoned and the octopus was very tender. The paella was so so I have had way better.  There was black rice with seafood and was very good. I would def go back again.
Great tapas and sangria
Meh, they definitely fall into the pretentious crowd and given that ARIA's giving their rooms away and they are right near check-in that makes them a bit silly. 

I came mid-day by myself and sat at the bar but service lagged while they talked to each other 3 feet away from me.

I really like the decor and the food options were interesting, but I was underwhelmed with what I got. I had a tuna-watermelon dish but could barely taste the tuna because the watermelon was so overwhelming. The riesling I paired with it may have been also to blame.
Who doesn't love Spanish tapas?

I came here with a group of 6 girls for a bachelorette party dinner, which the bride-to-be generously arranged for the bridesmaids. We had a long night ahead of us and knew we should eat, but didn't want to get too full and uncomfortable in our dresses, so tapas was perfect for the occasion. 

Everything we ordered was truly fabulous! The highlight I would have to say was the paella. Just thinking about it makes me hungry - they cooked a relatively thin layer of seafood infused rice in a traditional paella pan, and the bottom had a perfect crust when it came out. And paella is one of those dishes that are best when a tad (overly) salty with a strong seafood flavor. We ordered one pan and it was so delicious we had to order another one (which proved to be critical later on in the night).

The waitstaff is also very friendly and not pushy at all - he recommended we order a few dishes to start, and to add more later if needed.

Note this restaurant is located inside ARIA in an open space, so the tables are clustered around in the lobby area (it's not an enclosed restaurant, but there is a more concentrated area of tables with more privacy), so people may be walking by as you dine depending on where you're seated.

Overall, very much recommend this place for great food in a more casual environment.
Just another reason why I love the Aria (#1 reason- that vanilla smell!  Supposedly it's an aphrodisiac).  Julian Serrano's atmosphere is great- I wish I had taken a picture of the pretty trees all around the restaurant.  

And boy do I love tapas. Here's what we got (or at least what I remember)

Ahi Tuna Tempura with avo & mango salad and wasabi foam: The foam was a little strange to me but the ahi was delicious!

Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak w/ Eggplant and mushroom demi: MM.  Possibly my favorite.  Super tender and the eggplant was bomb!

Salmon with Truffle:  Okay, wait, this one was my favorite.  The truffle sauce was a revelation... HAHA.

Tuna Cones: Hm, not bad...but I preferred the tuna tempura.

Chicken Chilindron: Pretty good, I didn't really like the combo of tomatoes, chicken and ham initially but after a few bites really warmed up to it.

Pan Manchego: Oh man, I may have to change my mind yet again because this was so freaking good.  Evolved bruschetta.

The server didn't know if bread was free or not, but gave it to us anyway and later found out it wasn't (but didn't charge us, win!).  Basically consumed my body weight in free bread, because man those tiny plates are hard on the wallet.
My friend is a bartender at the lobby bar  at Aria. He recommended julian serrano for a quick bite to eat. 

Here's my take:
Bartender (Primo?) - Awesome guy.
White Sangria - C.R.A.P...I would have spit it out but didn't want to
    waste the alcohol
Beef with Cheese - Really good.
Huevos Estrellados - wow. (Primo Says "in heaven, you get to swim in something like that !"
Excellent service! Awesome food!
The reason for the three stars - the service.  Horrific service!

We arrived at 3:30 pm, looking for a light snack as we were traveling with another couple who liked to take the afternoon in their room.  We were having dinner in a couple of hours at horrible Rio, so glad we stopped and enjoyed this meal.

When we finally got  a waiter, we ordered the bravas - incredibly excellent, the tuna cones - not bad needed more pepper, a mixed antipast sausage plate which had some spanish chorizo that just melted in my mouth.  I wanted seconds, thirds and fourths!

I also ordered a white sangria, not bad, very refreshing.
Hubby ordered the beer.  Here is where it starts to go downhill.

First waiter does not come to table for a solid 10 minutes.  They're all standing around talking.  The place was empty by the way.  
Second, had no clue what they had on tap.  Totally absimally clueless.
Brought over a menu of drinks, had to call him to come back after another 10 minutes went by!! 

We get our tapas, where the drinks?  After being halfway through our meal, we get my Sangria, no beer.
We finish the meal, no one ever comes back to the table to check to see how we're doing, refill the water, nothing. 

We ask for the check, a different waiter comes by and guess what - the beer is present.  So we ask for it to be removed we never got it.
After some scoffing and a 'what?, Well let me bring it to you now, its sitting on the bar".  Excuse me?  Its been there for at least 10 minutes.  You can keep it.

The two waiters now start arguiing and manager has to remove the drink.  We paid and actually thought of returning and sitting in the bar, but frankly were too tired to make the trek for bad service.

Great food though.
Beautiful place, great ambiance, excellent service. Everything I tried was great: White Ceviche, Croquetas, Marinated Olives, Pintxo Chorizos, Beef and Cheese. Got a pitcher of red sangría. The waiter seaid it would get us ~5 glasses but it was a lot more than that. My favorite: Pintxo Chirizos: I've been looking for this kind of Spanish Chorizo for a long time! The chocolate cake dessert was also great. Got my two long favorites, so I have to give 5-stars. :)
We had dinner at Julian Serrano on Sunday during the memorial day long weekend.  We arrived at around 7 without a reservation and the hostess was able to find us a table, which was great, because i was not too keen on sitting at the bar.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria right away, chicken paella.  Had the best Iberiberico (Spanish black pig) tapas, it was so yummy...soft and tender like wagyu, but not so fatty like wagyu.  The sangria was great...we ended up eating all the fruit inside the pitcher, which were wine soaked.  Besides the chicken paella and iberiberico tapas, we also got a couple other tapas, risotto with mushrooms and something else i cannot remember.  Dinner wasn't cheap, it came to $180 for 2 people, but we can't wait to go back the next time we're in Vegas.
We came to Julian Serrano for a close friend's  30th bday. Because we were going to a show after dinner, we had to eat kind of early (7pm so the place was not as busy as usual). The atmosphere is airy, open to the edge of the lobby and entrance from the Crystals shopping centre. The decor is very spanish- bright and vibrant colors.

We started with the sangria- which they offer in red or white. The drink goes down so smooth, so be careful if you don't want to get drunk. Definitely get a pitcher to share amongst a table before dinner.

Family style is the only way to go here-  we ordered tons of share plates and a large paella. Try to save room for dessert because the creme brûlée was unbelievable.

As with most places in Vegas, they have a great wine list. Bring your wine spectator skills and pick a bottle from their big collection.

Service was great- although we never had the same person come to our table ever. It was like they had an endless supply of staff and sent out a different one with every plate.

Price wise, it is decent for Vegas. Small plates are generally cheaper but can add up quickly.
Muy expensivo but awesome artisan desserts.   And the coffee.. one of the best I've ever sent between my lips...
In the land of tasty Vegas cuisine, Julian Serrano finished right smack in the middle of it all. While it wasn't remarkable, it was a fine meal overall. 

The Good: The decor is shiny and bright, servers are attentive and helpful and there's a fair amount of tapas to appease just about any palate. In particular, the calamari, stuffed dates, risotto were standouts. Portions were mostly averaged sized, some much more generous than others. 

The Meh: Like many tapas places, Julian Serrano can get really pricey if you're on the hungry side. I wasn't blown away by the sangria...it was fine but nothing I haven't experienced before. And a handful of the dishes we ordered were good, but not great (pork, ceviche). And while I did like the decor, the location of the restaurant definitely doesn't lend itself to any intimate date. It's smack dab in the middle of all the check in/check out action at Aria. 

If you looking to share a few small plates, have a drink with friends, this is a great place to check out. Don't expect to have an uber romantic experience, though!
I absolutely love this place! So many chefs claim to master Spanish cooking, but so few of them do it well. The food you will get here is authentically Spanish. The Paella Valenciana is EXCELLENT, cooked to perfection, with enough "socarra" (the burnt stuff on the bottom on the pan) to prove its authenticity. The Brava Potatoes (known as "patatas bravas") were done a bit differently than what you would be served in Madrid, but the taste was very similar. The creamy, garlic-y, tomato-y sauce was delicious. The lamb chops are also delicious and cooked to perfection, perfectly medium, with a jus that is salty and savory. Delicious! If you want to splurge on Serrano ham, go for the Pata Negra. It is the best of the best, and though it is very pricey - and portions are quite limited - you'll be able to taste the difference between that and the processed cured hams you get at the supermarket. The wine selection is also nice, and if you're going to dine here, you might as well pair your meal with Spanish wines, like a nice Rioja or any of their sangrias. I have been here several times, and plan on doing so in the future as well. It is one of the best new restaurants in town.
DO NOT get the Early Tasting Menu.  Each dish was pretty underwhelming.  By no means was it bad, but I was just expecting more.  

The saving grace of the meal was that my group also ordered the tuna/raspberry skewer.  Delicious!  Opt out of the tasting menu and get a bunch of these plates.  Yummy...
I fell in love with their egg ravioli. It's a warm little pastry puff with a runny egg yolk inside.  It's heavenly.  While I was enjoying this dish it took me solid 10 seconds to realize... how in the world is this possible?  I guess that's one of the mysteries in life.  The potatoes and chorizo on the side of a main dish were also very delicious.

The other tapas dishes were good, pretty much what you would expect.  Everyday we would pass by Julian Serrano in the hotel lobby and want to get the egg ravioli to-go.
This is the worst place we have EVER eaten!!!! That's all I have to say!
Wait one more thing YUCK! I just threw up a little in my mouth after that horrible meal! Stay away! Treat it as if you would get A rash just for eating there.
The place is beautiful. Depending on time of day and crowd, there is energy here. The waiters are excellent. The food...not that good! Perhaps they were having an off day, but everything was a little too delicately flavored for me. The Brava Potatoes are comparable to the Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes at Taco Bell (congratulations Taco Bell, I guess). And the mixed paella was a oil drenched rice with overcooked crab and lobster.
Food: Most of what we ordered was well-cooked and well-seasoned. Highlights include the gazpacho (light and refreshing), brava potatoes (tasty alioli sauce), egg ravioli (crunchy outside, subtle savory creamy inside), creamy risotto (very salty, but I like it), and churros (the chocolate sauce is very good). Other dishes such as salmon with truffle, garlic mussels, albondigas, and paella were also quite good. The only mildly dissapointing dish was the tuna-raspberry skewer, which had a little bit too much raspberry flavor.

Service: Friendly and attentive.

Ambience: Open to the casino, but not too loud. Decor is modern/trendy. It's a very nice place.

I'd give this place a 4.5 if I could.
Oops! This is a way overdue review...came to this place May 2010 with my boyfriend when we visited Aria for the first time. We were looking for a place to grab a bite and happened to pass by Julian Serrano.  We walked in and got seated right away.  We looked at their menu and weren't sure what to order, we ended up taking the waiter's suggestions.  We ordered:

*Avocado Cannelloni from their New Tapas menu. This dish from what I remember was seaweed with avocado for $14.

*Gambas shrimp from their Ceviches and Seafood menu for $12.  This dish had 4 pieces of sauteed shrimps, garlic and arbol chili.

When we got our dishes, my BF and I looked at each other surprised - our dishes were small and realized this place was an expensive place to eat.  Our food was delish and we loved both; but we walked out starving.

This place is a nice place if you have the money to spend, otherwise go elsewhere.  I'm sure you won't be disappointed with the food here, you're pretty much paying for the taste and presentation; you just have to be willing to spend you money on food.

I would go back here if I win some extra cash from gambling, otherwise i'm spending my money on food somewhere else where I can get fool off one meal =)
I had made a reservation and we were seated right away. The restaurant was very trendy. The seats looked way comfy however I was in a booth that velvety soft. The first plate was the Golden and Red Beets, can we say delicious!! Everything on that plate was paired perfectly even the sour lemon. Next we had the Lobster pineapple skewers and they were OK. I thought the pineapple was a little mushy not what I was expecting and I didn't really taste the lobster. I really hate having lobster in a dish and not taste it. The third plate was the Creamy risotto and that was decent. The flavor was on par with what I've had, but I don't think the risotto was cooked all the way through. Our final dish was the Conejo AK ajillo( rabbit w/ mash potatoes). It was dry for some of the pieces, but other pieces were good ( I hate to say it but it tasted like chicken). Anyway it's Vegas and the dinner was a very pleasant experience. I had great service all the way through the whole meal, some of the food could be better, but I liked my overall experience! OH and I had their sangria and I would recommend it. It was refreshingly yummy!
Since leaving Boston it's been difficult to find a good tapas place on the west coast.  Julian Serranos ends my search.  The food is excellent and   the service is fast and friendly.  Favorite dishes:  black pig pinxto, toritilla espanola, fresh calamari a la plancha, chicken croquetas, montado serrano, and the beef and cheese.
Pricey and/but yummy. 

We tried this place on a whim after giving the casino some money at the craps table. 

I spent 8 months in Spain, and a lot of the dishes here tasted very authentic! The patatas bravas were so good, and reminded me of the tapas bars in Salamanca!

The ahi tuna tempura was also very good, but it didn't go very far...probably too small of a portion if you ask me. 

We also had the fried calamari, which tasted very fresh and had just the right amount of spice. 

The service wasn't great (sat at the bar) and the prices are definitely high, but overall this is a nice place to grab a few apps before you go out.
Small tapas plates are good but pricey. I enjoyed the white fish ceviche, it was very good and just about right with the citrus. The seafood combo paella was not good, it was too salty and the lobster was bland and mushy as well. never going to order it again, not for $50. The huevos ranchero i believe was very good too. the small plates ranges from $5-$13. yum yum.
Don't do it. Way too expensive for the portions. Yes, it's tapas, but so tiny at $12 a plate. It should be more like $6-$9 even if it is swanky Las Vegas at the newest hotel. Plus, we found it odd that the food came out instantly. Clearly not made to order. After spending $100 here, we left hungry enough to go back upstairs to order room service.  There's better places to go. Don't be a sucker.
I like it.  I think they have a bit of molecular gastronomy going on with the tuna raspberry skewer where the tuna and raspberry are both in a cube.  But of course they also wrote "molecular" next to the dish.  I had the steak sandwich with fries and a shot of tomato gazpacho and for $12 or so it was a pretty good deal.  I like Aria and seen this place many times, too bad it took me a few times until I tried it.  Anyway I'm definitely coming back here for dinner.
When i write a review, I make sure to mention that I am not comparing this place against the universe of restaurants, but against its own expectation. That means that comparing this to Chili's would not be fare to either, I compare to what is advertised and expected. I also rate according to three variables: food, environment and service. However, the perfect food on a non-perfect environment could still deserve perfect ratings going inline with my  'expectations' guideline above. I do not rate pricing, the price influences the expectation. 

What you would expect: High end, gourmet tapas, smaller portions and priced accordingly, in a contemporary informal setup but at a Vegas prime resort. 

Service: I sat at the bar by myself on a business trip. The bar tender was super friendly, fare and sincere in his suggestions. Service was right on time. No complaints. Above Vegas service standards in my opinion.

Enviro: Its an open space facing the registration deck at the Aria casino, which has a beautiful architecture. Decoration is modern, and table setup is not too formal. Its a little loud when crowded and tables are set close to each other, so it is romantic but may be not "first date" romantic. I was wearing jeans and a jacket and felt perfectly fine. I saw people in slacks and sports jackets and people in dress shorts. All inline with the nice-but-not-so-formal.

Food: Here's where it wins. Yes. Portions are not big, but that does not matter. Flavors are artistic and sophisticated, perfectly made for my taste. I would lie to myself with anything less than 5 stars.
I tried the risotto, the lamb chop and the gambas and the three were among the best I have ever had.
This great Tapas restaurant is located at the beautiful Aria hotel, which is where I was staying this past weekend for a Bachelorette party. The restaurant was recommended by the Bachelorette who had eaten here during her last visit to Vegas. 

My cousin called Friday morning and we had no trouble making reservations for a Friday evening for 8 ladies. Once we arrived, they asked us to wait a couple minutes to get our table ready but were seated shortly after. 

Our waiter was friendly and explained the menu to us and how 2-3 plates per person should suffice. We each ordered 2 plates each and a pitcher of Sangria which was delicious and refreshing (it's also what knocked me out early for the evening!). Since some of the girls wanted the same thing, we ended up getting doubles of some. At the end of our meal we still had 2-3 plates of food so I'd definitely recommend only 2 plates per person. 

All in all, among the 8 of us we had:

Huevos Estrellados*
White Ceviche
Mixed Seafood Ceviche*
Gambas
Black Rice
Pinxto de Chorizos*
Coca Vegetarian 
Spanish Tortilla 

There might have been a few other plates but I forget now. Everything I tried was delicious and I love the idea of small plates because everyone is able to try. You also don't get sick of eating a big dish of something. 

I put stars next to my favorite dishes of the night. The Huevos Estrellados consisted of Fried Potatoes, Eggs, and Chorizo. The best part of this was breaking the yolk and it oozing over the whole dish. SO GOOD! The Mixed Seafood Ceviche contained Shrimp, Octopus, White Fish, Cilantro, and Lime Juice. This was a great dish to offset the fatty, savory dishes. The lime juice brightened up the flavors of the fresh seafood. Pinxto de Chorizos was Mini Pork Chorizo, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Garlic Sauce. Do I still need to elaborate on this dish? It's pork, garlic, pot, and more garlic! DELISH! 

Great and quick service, friendly service, delicious food, and a great time!
i was staying at aria and got a $50 dining credit through the promo i booked.. when deciding where to use the credit on i narrowed the choices to jean georges, sage, and julian serrano..my friend and i agreed to go to this place bc it's spanish and we could get american food any other time.. plus js had at least 3 desserts i wanted to try whereas the other choices had 1 dessert i wanted.. i have a huge sweet tooth so when it's up to me to pick a place desserts are the first thing i look at then entrees..

julian serrano is located near the lobby and the decor is nice..

after day drinking all day with not even a bite of food in my system, i had a headache from dehydration when dinner time rolled around so i was hungry but at the same time didn't feel like eating..

we were seated right away and ordered..
-lobster gazpacho: small but refreshing, wish there were more than 2 tiny lobster pcs that equaled the size of half my pinky
-avocado cannelloni: no salmon.. didn't the description say salmon? just a really salty seaweed salad stuffed inside avocado slices
-charcuterie: too much olive oil on top to make it super greasy and wasn't too tasty either
-albondigas: best dish out of everything.. there were about 5-6 small meatballs
-mixed paella: undercooked and wasn't that good.. my friend said nothing compares the paella in barcelona..
-santiago cake:almond cake with ice cream.. cake was dense but with a scoop a bit of ice cream with each bite and it was ok..

i originally wanted to order just the gazpacho, albondigas, 3 desserts but my friend was still drunk and wanted to order more.. i was fine with the paella pick and knew that'd be enough for the two of us but my friend kept wanting to listen to the waiter and order more tapas.. and what did we end up with? cannelloni and charcuterie we weren't going to order and didn't like at all.. 

i'd only come back to js to order the other two desserts i didnt get to try which were the churros and rice pudding..
After checking into the Aria Hotel, my BF and I were hungry for a snack so we decided to check out Julian Serrano's. After overlooking the menu, we were excited to eat some Spanish tapas!

We sat at the bar and immediately ordered a pitcher of the red sangria!

The bartender was very helpful in recommending some dishes for us to try. 

For those of you that have never been to a tapas restaurant, tapas are "small dishes" so you can order as many as you want so that you are not focused on eating one big main dish. 

Here is what we ended up ordering:

Goat Cheese Salad ( I love goat cheese and I really liked the hint of mint that accompanied the salad)

Ahi Tuna Tempura ( The wasabi foam that they served was good, not over powering but just wished it was a little more than just a dab)

Stuffed Piquillo Peppers ( with goat cheese and mushrooms....YUM!)

Roasted Marcona Almonds (Don't Bother ordering this)

Cheese Platter ( Cana De Cabra, Manchego, Cabrales, La Serena)

Spanish Charcuterie Platter ( Chorizo, Salchichon, Sobrasada, Lomo Embuchado) 

The Cheese and Meat platters were by far my favorite!

I will be visiting this place again on my next Vegas Trip!
Ok...hold on to your hat for this one! This last monday  I was sitting at the bar having dinner. The hostess trapped a spider in a cup put a lid on it and passed to the the appitizer chef who was working right in front of me.  It was horrible , they thought they were being funny  but the chef added some food to the cup and was planning a joke on someone...OMG i was appalled. I reluctanly ate and left for fear of what may happen to me if i said something.  This was just rediculous.  The bartender who waited on me was very nice thats the only plus.
Me and my crew rolled up here for a quick bite before a show.  We ended up not wanting to leave!  The tapas were perfectly prepared and each one was delightful.  Some of the best that I've ever had, even compared to Spain.

Our servers were friendly and helpful.  And the final bill was not even that bad for Vegas, about $50 a head.

I would definitely go back.
The food was amazing! We found this place because we used to go to Picasso at the Bellagio all the time, and the bartender that was always working there, Jason, transferred to Julian Serrano over at Aria. We still go to Picasso for drinks and the water show, but we had to stop by Julian Serrano to say hi to Jason, since he's bartending there now. We've gotten to know Jason over the last few years, and if you have a chance to stop in and say hi, he's a really great guy and one of the best, most knowledgeable, and most personable bartenders in Vegas! So go to Julian Serrano for dinner & drinks, and try some of the most amazing tapas food while you are there. We had a group of 10 for dinner and everyone at the table raved about the food. We ordered about 15 dishes off the menu and shared everything, and everything was seriously delicious! Tell Jason that "Brian from Chicago says he makes a great apple martini", and try one for yourself!
We went here for restaurant week lunch.  I guess I should have looked at the regular menu prior to eating here.  I thought they had regular sized entrees but what came out was tapas.  The menu they put up on the restaurant week web site should give some indication that tapas was what was being offered.  While the food tasted fine, I have never gone to a restaurant and left more hungry than when I arrived.  After lunch, two of my companions went to the coffee shop and the other bought a doughnut at the coffee stand.  None of the three are over 110 lbs and they left starving.  Frankly, while dining out, I cannot remember a time I felt more ripped off in my life and I eat out an average of 10 times a week.
steamed mussels - 5 stars!  The sauce was delicious but didn't taste guilty.

tuna cones - 4 stars! 1 is not going to seem like enough.  Presentation was lovely.

stuffed dates - meh.  I wouldn't order again.  The bacon was burnt.

montado serrano - meh.  Not bad, but seems like something you can probably make at home with the right ingredients.  

I had 2 of the manzanas which were dangerously delicious.  Refreshing and not headache sweet.
Discovered this place quite by accident, and glad we did. Each dish had a delicious twist on the traditional tapas menu and these unique additions really made the meal. (I'm talking foams and other molecular gastronomy type twists.)

Plenty of options for vegetarians, and the small plate style makes it easy to try a lot or a little. And save room for dessert, they had the best fruit (with sparkling wine foam) I've ever tasted.
We finally get to try this expensive tapas place thanks to restaurant week. 
Very impressive with the Avocado Cannelloni-beautiful presentation and the flavor was refreshing. Chicken Croquetas was deeped fried, bit crunch on the outside and super soft at the inside. 
I loved the stuffed Piquillo Peppers as well - very rich flavor. I have never imagined pairing Salmon and Truffle but both me and my friend were speechless by this dish. A tiny bit over baked but we love truffle. 
The main course was a bit too salty but the Pork Chop was perfectly done. Tender and beautiful pink color. Roasted chicken was again bit over baked to my taste and a little dry. 

Desert wasn't super impressive but the hot chocolate was interesting. 

I would love to try other stuff @ Julian Serrano again. So far this is my favorite tapas in Las Vegas as in creativity, presentation and flavor.
The boyfriend and I came back to this restaurant a year later because we were staying next door at Monte Carlo.  It was better than we remembered.  The Red Sangria was amazing with big pieces of fruits that we ended asking for a spoon and fishing it out of the pitcher to munch on.  We had the following and enjoyed every morsels.  --Cheese Platter with Fig, Pata Negra ham platter, Piquillo Peppers, Spanish tortilla and last but not least the churro and chocolate pot --  The services was excellent--attentive without being intrusive.   Julian Serrano is now a tradition to us and we will be back here everytime we are in Vegas.
The menu was exciting. The execution wasn't bad, but it didn't quite delight either. I had the truffled salmon with portobello which was outstanding. The wild mushroom soup with foie gras foam (sounds good, right - if you're a foodie you'd give this a try wouldn't you?) was just ok. The wilted spinach salad was fine - the usual baby spinach, pine nuts, pear chunk creation you'd expect and the '06 Rioja by the glass was pretty good too. The only tapa that failed was the charcuterie. I've had way better dried / cured pork delicacies in Spain, in San Francisco, and even in the Minneapolis airport ( I am not making this up ). The service was really good.  My waiter, Pedro, certainly earned his tip.  The Aria hotel is beautiful and well scented - it doesn't smell like Vegas at all. Overall, the meal a pleasant experience, but there was no chance that my toes were going to curl up uncontrollably from ecstacy  if you know what I mean.
A solid 3 star.

One of the  top specialty restaurants at Aria, a beautiful restaurant, there are some reasons it only got 3 stars from me.

For 2 people the tab was $145, 2 alcohol beverages, 7 tapas, including one big Plastos Grande, what sucked bad was we were still hungry after all those dishes... :( it never happened to me at any Spanish tapa restaurants in LA, honestly I was really a little surprised. The dishes were super tiny even for Spanish tapas... :(

Made reservation earlier, hubby asked for a more private booth in the corner, that was a nice comfy seat. our server was friendly, he asked if we have ever tried Spanish tapas, most of them are small dishes, Paellas and Plastos Grandes are bigger dishes, considered to be shared. after taking our drink orders, he gave us some time to decide what to order. 

Orders for 2 people:

Lemon drop martini, Double Patron Margarita : both are strong and yummy

Mixed baby romaine salad : flavorless
 
Fisherman's soup: OK
 
Tuna-raspberry skewer: flavorless 
 
Egg ravioli: flavorless
 
Monkfish and pisto : flavorless

Grilled angus flat iron steak : fairly delicious

Mariscada: the best dish we had, (lobster tail | head-on shrimp | scallop | mussels | clams | savory meringue), $35, the seafood in it was so fresh, very flavored but not salty.

Other dishes were all not salty, but totally flavorless, especially the monkfish and tuna. they actually tasted the same, considering tuna was raw, and monkfish was cooked. :( 

I suggest 2 ppl order at least 2 Plastos Grandes, ($30- $45 ), or 1 plastos Grande and 1 Paella ($40- $50),  plus at least 6 or 7 small tapas to have a satisfied full tummy after eating there.

The service was good but not great, and the ambiance was strange, people wear shorts, flip flaps, mixed with people wear suits and dresses, I couldn't figure out this was a casual dining place or top specialty dining place at Aria.... very odd indeed...  

Kinda disappointing dining experience there. :( Not going back for a very very long time....
Fabulous tapas restaurant inside the Aria. Couldnt decide on which dishes to try so opted for the lobster salad and the large seafood entree, the mariscada. Loved loved loved it. Tried a bit of the huevos estrellados and almost collapsed. The fried potatoes and chorizo combination was amazing. Cant wait to dine here again.
So, my friends & I came here after seeing some good reviews on Yelp. The restaurant itself is really nice. Since it's tapas, we ordered a bunch of stuff:

Stuffed piquillo peppers
Beef and cheese
Avocado cannelloni
Grilled angus flat iron steak
creamy risotto
traditional spanish chicken croquettes
Montana serrano
coca mallorquina
almond cake
molton cake

The best thing was the stuffed piquillo peppers! We could have had 5 plates of those, lol. The rest of the food was good, but nothing special (especially for the price). I'm glad we tried it, but we all agreed that we've had better tapas elsewhere.
Everything we had was presented beautifully and it tasted delicious.  There was not one grain on salt missing from any of the dishes.

We ordered:

Patatas bravas
Seafood Ceviche 
Porkloin skewers
Black rice 
Scallops

The ceviche was the best ceviche I've had in America.  It was almost, almost, as good as the authentic Peruvian ceviche.  Better than any Peruvian restaurant that I've ever been to here in the states. The only thing lacking was the heat (but I can understand why it's not). Other than that, it was perfect!

The patatas bravas were really good too. The spicy tomato sauce was really nice with a little spicy kick.

The black rice was so yummy...mmmhhhhh

The scallops were cooked perfectly and the romanesco sauce was one of the best I've ever had outside of Spain.

The Pork was also a winner.  The pork was juicy and expertly cooked.  

Overall, I really enjoyed my meal.  I left full and with a smile on my face.
This place is super cute but our server was an ass super rude and the service is slow
This place was fab.  I 've wanted to try julian serrano since they opened up here because I hear they are known for their service.  Service was wonderful, I forgot our waitress' name (I'll plug in later) but she was trained well, not overbearing, friendly enough and had a few recco's.  We came here foremost for the tuna raspberry pops we were drooling over.  Skewers with molecular raspberry and seared ahi with wasabi and sesame seed.  Such wonderful taste combo.  I can't really explain it.  We loved everything and when I commented that the tuna cones (crispy wonton) was clearly stale--I seriously did not like it--she quickly took it off the bill.  Wow thanks! 
We also had papas bravas, a tapas must have (for vegetarians, I now the real test is croquettas, but I've had enough to last me a life time) the spicy tomato sauce was soooo good and the "papas" were between al dente and cooked.  Stuffed dates need just a tad more testing before the perfect recipe comes out of the kitchen.  I love wht they werestuffed with (almonds, applewood bacon, spicy piquillo) but the date flavor overwhelmed the rest.  The steamed mussels with brandy were fresh and meaty and the pinxto de chorizos (mini pork chorizo with garlic mashed potatos) really hit the spot.  Tasted like comfort food.  I can't remember the wine, something red, was it a malbec? knowing us, probably but it came from the sommelier and was perfect.
Don't miss this restie if you dig tapas it has a great vibe.
I was very pleased by this place.  I came here with a friend for dinner, and we wanted to eat, but not stuff ourselves, and have a nice mix of flavors, but he was also on a low-carb diet.  It provided some great options for us.

The egg yolk ravioli were a lovely texture, creamy and crisp at the same time. Unctuous in the best possible way.  Really, these were for me, not the low carb person. The sauteed padron peppers were wonderful.  Mild with a little snap to the skin, and great salt on them. From the world of seafood, we got the gambas, the white ceviche, and the white anchovy filets.  The white anchovy was my favorite of these...if you haven't had Spanish anchovies, you should try them at least once... this isn't the over salted fish, but a rich, creamy flavor, with a touch of pickle.

The lamb chop was good, but I think the favorite of the night was the black pig pintxo.  That was a thin slice of heaven, and I'd have that again, despite the price.  All in all, it was what I wanted, though a touch on the pricey side, and I'll be back, especially if I want to eat light and have variety.
I don't give five stars out much; but when I do, the place has the goods.

Instructions:
Go here.  Experience.  Eat.  Smile.  Repeat.

There is too much to write and I am afraid I will leave something out.  Just go here... It's really good.
Wow I could not imagine a better 1st time tapas experience. First, my sauvignon blanc was so fabulous. The staff was so friendly. Somehow we caught the head server (from Madrid) and told him, "bring us whatever is good!" he delivered ;) the best appetizers I had were mushroom risotto and the 18-year-old ham! The cheese and bread samplers were rich and heavenly! When my dish came I was so impressed by the flavors. NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW HAPPY MY MOUTH WAS! After an evening of indulging, it felt perfectly content after polishing off my Alaskan bass. I will definitely come back for appetizers and vino.
4.4 stars.

Famished after my Korean spa experience, I decided to treat myself to lunch at one of the most beautiful hotels now on the Strip, the Aria Hotel.  After browsing the lobby, I encounter Julian Serrano opposite my previous night's splendor at Sage.  The ambiance is vibrant and bold colors of red, purple, orange and yellow.  Even cooler was the fact that they were participating in Restaurant Week.  Perfect I thought, this is where I'm having lunch!  Ambiance:  4.5 stars.

I sat at the bar and started off with their white sangria with pears.  Sounded refreshing enough and it was!  At some point I asked the recipe and was given an unending amalgamation of ingredients that I could never recite, let alone list here.  In summary, it was a crisp alternative to your usual red sangria and a perfect quencher from the overbearing Vegas heat.  5 stars.

A Spanish couple next to me at the bar received their first dish. I over heard them say, "ah, muy pequeño (small)".  They turn to me and the guy says, 'like a glorified English muffin pizza, no?'  I nearly aspirated whatever I was eating and had to restrain myself from hitting the floor in tears.  I understand tapas, but the plates were rather, pequeño.  

Along with my glass of Spanish Tempranillo, I ordered off the 3-course prix fixe Restaurant Week menu for $30.11 :

First Course:
Stuffed dates of almond and applewood bacon with a spicy piquillo pepper sauce.  Nice flavor, but somewhat overwhelmingly simplistic.  Not horrible, but just okay:  3 stars.

Second Course:
Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak with layered Japanese eggplant in a  Mushroom Demi.  The serving size was very small, however what was offered packed a punch and I wish I had more.  Perfect doneness and everything complimented well:  4.5 stars.

Third Course:
Fried Spanish Churros with a spicy dipping hot chocolate.  Recommended by the bartender and now I know why.  Nice crunchy Spanish pastry without any greasiness, powdered sugar and a heavenly dipping dark chocolate with just the right amount of fire.  Amazing:  5 stars!

Tally:
Ambiance:  4.5 stars
Cocktail:  5 stars!
First Course:  3 stars
Second Course:  4.5 stars
Third Course:  5 stars!
4.5+5+3+4.5+5= 22/5= 4.4 stars.

Quite an enjoyable lunch to add to a relaxing spa day.  What more could I ask for?  I left feeling on top of the world and headed to the nearest video poker machine to try my luck once again.  Oh Lost Wages, you relentless bitch!

#Yelp 365:  055/365
Summary
All of the tapas were excellent, but the paella was HORRIBLE.  Skip the paella and you will be satisfied.  It is a tapas restaurant so be aware that the dishes are small.  The restaurant is in the Aria and the restaurant is just as cool as the hotel.  A good place for a glass of wine and a few tapas.

Food dishes
Bacalao a la gabardina (atlantic cod | rocoto mayo | tempura batter)
The fish was light and fluffy and the batter was very delicate.  An excellent dish. 10/10

Sautéed baby spinach (pine nuts | raisins | apple | shallots)
The pine nuts, raisins and apple added some interesting flavors and textures to the dish.  A good dish.  7/10

Escalivada (eggplant | red pepper | tomato | onion)
I'm not a big fan of eggplant, but this one was pretty good.  The others at the table liked the dish.  8/10

Creamy risotto (wild mushroom | manchego cheese | natural jus)
The risotto was cooked just right.  The flavor was excellent.  I thought I tasted truffle oil too.  9/10

Pintxo de moruno (marinated pork loin | pancetta | toasted cous cous)
This dish had 4 pieces of pork on a skewer.  The pork was cooked just right and it had lots of flavor.  An excellent dish. 10/10

Pintxo de chorizos (mini spanish pork chorizo | garlic mashed potatoes | garlic sauce)
There were 5 small pieces of sausage.  The sausage had a hint of spiciness.  8/10

Paella Marinea (calamari | shrimp | mussels | monkfish | vegetables | saffron rice)
This was a HUGE disappointment.  The rice was not cooked right.  It was hard and it was not creamy.  The seafood was ok, but it didn't really add a good tasting flavor to the paella.  How bad was it?  I would rather eat Top Ramen than have this dish again.  1/10

Service
The service was below average.  We were not rushed, which is good, but I think the staff forgot about basic service (empty glasses of iced tea, checking back timely).
Great service, great food.  A bit expensive.
Such a fan of Julian Serrano -- he isn't Catalonian, but his menu samples heavily from the local cuisine (botifarra!  yummm).  The kitchen turns out some nice representations of tapas from other regions of Spain, as well.  And Serrano himself spends a lot of time in the kitchen and the dining room.  I like seeing "celebrity" chefs who are hands-on with their spin-off enterprises.
Julian Serrano for lunch was perfect. It's in the beautiful Aria hotel and the decor is very chic. The menu definitely has a Spanish flair--and the chef is very well acclaimed. We had the lobster pineapple skewers for an app, and then i had the saffron rice for an entrée. Although both were delicious, I don't think they were entirely memorable. The saffron rice was a little too al dente for my taste--but the combination of flavors from the sausage, rabbit, and chicken made it worthwhile. The prices were definitely affordable.
Beautiful Restaurant and food.  I am a old employee of Julian and Im proud to say that.  This restaurant is awesome, and Julian Serrano is awesome.  Its casual so if your used to Picasso you may not like it...so set your expectations
We choose this place based on all the  4-5 star reviews from Yelp.  I am only giving it 3 stars based on what we ate.  I do believe we DID order the wrong things and didnt really get a good taste of the restaurant.  

We ordered 5 tapas plates:
Lobster Pineapple Sticks (just ok, nothing special) 
Ahi Tuna Tempura (great!!! Delicious)
Fried Calamari (gross!!! Lacking flavor in the calamari and the aioli)
Egg Ravioli (looks good but not what I expected)
Seared Scallops (perfectly done and well seasoned.  Delicious!) 

I'm a big fan of food and I love to try new places.  I was excited to try Julian Serrano but I'm afraid this place doesn't live up to the great expectations.  I did expect more but i have to agree with what another fellow Yelper said, she also gives it a "solid 3 stars."

I left disappointed and still hungry!!!  Be forewarned, the portions are SMALL!!!
I loved this place. Definitely my favorite meal of my Vegas trip. I was expecting super small servings based on other reviews, but I thought they were all on par with the tapas I've had around the Bay Area. My husband and I went with another couple and we must have ordered about 10 dishes between all of us, plus a couple of desserts. There was too much stuff to break it all down. My favorite of the night was a dish with eggs and chorizo over frites. It was awesome. Would definitely eat here again. Loved it.
I had a very good experience at this place.  The tapas selection at this place made me feel like I was having a big meal, but overall, did not overstuff me!

There was 3 of us, and they recommend for each person to get 2 to 3 tapas per person.  

Huevos Estrellados (So Good! Perfectly fried eggs on top of chorizo and crispy fries!)
Pan Tomate (Pretty Standard, good tomato flavor and crisp bread)
Fried Calamari (Thick cut calamari, not thin and crispy)
Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas (Bechamel Sauce = Too Die)
Stuffed Dates (Sweet and Savory!)
Ahi Tuna Tempura ( Cooked just right, wasabi foam, a great touch)
Churros(Just get them, eat them all and drink the rest of the dipping chocolate!)

Pedro our server was really nice and helpful too!  I would ask for him if he is available.
If the meal wasn't twice the price of Firefly's, I would have rated JS better.  The ambiance was pretty damn awesome.  The food was good.  Unfortunately, after blowing a hundred of my stripper $1's, my girl and I were still hungry.  That's a little sad.  I'm not a fatty-fat-fat.  She isn't a huge eater.  I don't know where the hell our money went, really.  If you're down at City Center, check this place out, but beware that the palella takes approximately 30 minutes (well, what the waiter told us) and that you'll probably need a snack later.
A treat for the taste buds! The dishes are freshly prepared and delicious. The "tappas" approach gives you the chance to sample a couple or three dishes without getting filled up as you would with a whole meal. The tappas offered reflect a wide range of choices and the three we shared were all unusual and excellent. I especially appreciated the time and effort the waitress put into making sure that I did not have any garlic, to which I am allergic, and that, in spite of not having any garlic in them, every dish was a taste treat.
I would mention, however, that the waitress was very helpful in ordering the dishes, but we did not see much of her during our meal, so we would have had a bit of a problem had anything needed attention. I can always understand it when a server is not around much because the restaurant is busy, but in this case, it was early-afternoon on a Wednesday and there were few other diners, so the server ought to have been more attentive.
I am a big fan of tapas style dining and Julian Serrano's restaurant at the Aria is probably the best place to go in Las Vegas for delectable Spanish cuisine and cocktails. Its a little pricey, even for an upscale restaurant, but the food is well portioned and presented beautifully. Service was good, but not excellent. Being located in the middle of the City Center makes the atmosphere very contemporary and pleasing. The best occasion to visit this place is when you are in the mood for something light. I found it the perfect place to eat before a night out on the strip. The white ceviche was so fresh and was probably the best ceviche I have ever tasted. I could eat it every day. The red sangria was also delicious and the bartenders make the cocktails strong, which is a big plus. The audio in the bathroom was a spanish language course, which I though was an awesome, quirky little touch. I would recommend this place to anyone who appreciates fine dining.
Holy mother of all things sacred...  This was excellent.  We arrived for an 8:00pm reservation, but couldn't be seated until after 8:30.  While that wasn't too cool, there were eight of us, so you have to be patient.  We were headed to NY-NY for a show at 10:00 so we had to be quick.  I have to admit I was nervous about making our show.  We told the waiter and he said, "let me just start bringing dishes".  We trusted him and he didn't let us down.  

We had an amazing selection of worldly flavors.  From the appetizers to mains, then desserts, i didnt have anything that I wouldn't order again.  My favorite had to be the lamb chops, no wait the beef and brie, no wait - who knows, it was all so good.  

While it was a bit pricey, I think you have to expect to pay for good food and good service, especially in Vegas.
This restaurant is what got my family into Spanish tapas (I had my introduction a bit earlier) and consider this their favorite restaurant so far. After my 2nd visit there, I can say this is a place I can take someone to without getting an urge to overstuff myself to get my money's worth. A bit pricier than other tapas places I've been, but hey, it's Vegas; nothing comes cheap.

The restaurant looks kinda like a transparent enclave of the Aria, which can make this spot a perfect place to people-watch as you eat, if you get a good spot. We had a wonderful waiter who made suggestions that were spot-on and made sure that we had a good dining experience. I got to try both the red and white sangria before I picked a glass of red as my drink. A good sangria has a taste of spiked punch that doesn't taste like it has been spiked. The dash of cinnamon was the perfect touch. Mom had one too, but started feeling lightheaded halfway and asked me to finish it. At one point she forgot what room we were staying in.

Here were the tapas we had that day. We tried to go for a balance between meat and vegetables. At the end of it, our party of 3 felt quite satiated without feeling stuffed.

Ahi Tuna Tartare - the tuna was a bit tough, but went well with the wasabi foam. Suprisingly, the avocado and mango ensaladilla was tasty by itself.
Avocado Cannelloni - SOFT salmon mixed with mayo and paired with this bread. Yum.
Brava Potatoes - spicy potato and alioli sauce. One of the most popular tapas according to the waiter. This is an example of a GOOD mix of alioli and brava sauce WITHOUT the excess grease that goes in frying the potatoes in said sauces. They were bite-sized that makes it easy to just gorge on the bowl. 
Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - got as part of the waiter's suggestion. The goat cheese just melted in your mouth and the pepper had a good spicy "bite".
Fried Calamari - a little bit too salty, but still crispy. Liked it with the alioli sauce
Grilled Lamb Chop - at least this was a better rendition of a lamb chop than a certain buffet we went the other day...

The meal ended with Molten Chocolate Cake. The cake, though small, contained quite a bit of molten chocolate with just enough amount of cake. Paired with the blood orange ice cream, it was like a chocolate orange explosion in my mouth. One of the best renditions I've had in a while, especially since molten chocolate cake is one of my favorite type of desserts. 

I thought I would pass up this restaurant as it was too "Vegas-y" and not enough Spanish, but the food was just too good this time. There's already Paris in Vegas, I guess there's enough room for one more culture to be represented.
Excellent food. Sat at the bar. Fun bartenders helped us with the extensive and eclectic menu. Diverse wine list strong on old world wines. Prices above average for food given the small portions, typical for tapas, but still well worth it. Try the cheese plate and the tenderloin tapas.
OMG.

This was my favorite meal from my 4 days in Vegas.  We came here for lunch on a Saturday around 1 pm because my mom has been on a tapas kick lately and we had heard this place was good. The decor was very hip and attractive, just like the Aria itself. We had a reservation so we didn't wait, bit about 30 minutes after we sat down, a line started to form outside. 

Food: 5
The food was absolutely delicious.  There was not one dish I didn't like. The Brava potatoes were perfectly fried and crispy, and covered in a red sauce and garlic aioli.  My only complaint about the presentation is that it was served in a small bowl, so that the bottom pieces were soggy when we reached them. Serving this on a plate with the sauces on the side would be better.  The lobster gazpacho was cool and refreshing, and came with some chunks of lobster meat, minced tomatoes, cucumbers and bell peppers, and a frozen ball of the soup on a spoon (very fancy!).  Dad ordered the Pinxto de chorizos with garlic mashed potato, which were so tasty (but not healthy at all).  The chorizo was flavored perfectly, and the mashed potatoes complemented them well.  the fried calamari was not very crispy, but the squid was so tender and lightly breaded, so the flavor made up for the lack of normal calamari texture.  We also ordered the seafood ceviche and the sardines (I didn't eat them so I can't comment, but my parents enjoyed them immensely).  We had the salted Marcona Almonds, and they were good, but i wouldn't order them again ($6 for almonds is a bit much). 

We enjoyed our food with a pitcher of white sangria, which was STRONG and delicious and perfect for sipping in between bites.  It was not oversweet, and came with big, pretty chunks of green apple, lime, and orange.  Mom started skewering the apples out of the pitcher with her fork and eating them when the sangria was all gone :)

For me, the star of the meal was the dessert: churros with spicy hot chocolate!  These were not your typical Mexican-American cinnamon churros - they were only slightly sweet and dusted with powdered sugar, light, fluffy, formed into little teardrop-shaped loops, and served with a cup of melted dark chocolate with a spicy kick and a chili pepper for decoration.  If you are a chocolate lover, you MUST get this!  The chocolate was rich with a subtle spiciness that never became too strong, but complemented the sweet/fried flavors of the churro.  Even my mom, who is super health-conscious and never eats desserts, had a bite, and then had about 4 more bites after that.  Such an innovative and unique dessert!  It's pretty big as well, so you can easily share it between two people.

Service: 5
Fast, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  The food came out ridiculously quickly, considering how intricate some of the presentations were.

Value: 4.5
This place is upscale and expensive, but if you're in Vegas to eat and indulge, it's so worth it!!  You will feel completely satisfied with your decision.
It was good not outstanding. It was filling but not something I would go back to.
I had a Great dinner here, after a chow down at the Indian buffet earlier for lunch (across the street) I didn't feel like having a big dinner so this worked just right: good service, below average portions and strip prices, the food quality is very good though, I shared dinner with a spaniard and he was pleased. We had 7 tapas and they were all yummy, I even liked the anchovy (which I hate otherwise).
I came here with some friends for a fun dinner.  We were looking for something different and tapas in the lobby of Aria seemed like the way to go. 

We ordered off of the early prix fixe menu, overwhelmed by all the choices off the regular menu.  We were pretty pleased at the selection we had and our food, while delicious, wasn't what any of us would have considered spectacular.  

Overall, it was a great choice for us with the exception of the inattentive service who cleared our wine glasses after one round each, assumingly in a hurry to rush us out the door.  

Enjoyable but I wouldn't return.
Cliff notes- Outstanding tappas. Can't miss- shrimp ceviche, chicken croquets, and ironically their mini pizzas which were amazing. 


I went here with my parents and their friends from Scotland when they were here visiting for the night. I wanted to take them to a place that had a diversity of options as they can be a bit finicky about fine dining. It was restaurant week and they all got the prix fix menu while I opted to pick and chose from the regular menu.

Service- was great. Fast, responsible, we were never left waiting. The only misstep was when they brought 2 of my dishes at the same time instead of staggering them (which I would expect a tappas restaurant to do) but it was minor. 

The ambiance is great- as is the rest of the Aria. We had a huge table which accommodated the multiple plates/wine glasses without feeling cramped. 

Some notes on the dishes:

Ceviche- was great, very tart, fish and shrimp not overdone. 

Pizza- this was actually my favorite. It had a really thick almost cookie like crust that was out of this world.

Sous vide pork chop- very moist and tender. Sides were forgettable though

Treats
I got the blood orange molten cake which was very rich (dark chocolate) but the sorbet worked well to cut against it.

I also tried the churro which was very good- nice and crispy.
I have eaten here probably 5 times, and the food has been really good every time, and so has the service. Don't let the fact that it is in the lobby slow you down... once you're inside it doesn't really feel like a lobby restaurant. I really like the broad menu... and the paellas are GREAT!
Went on an extended weekend trip for a friend's birthday this summer. I must say this was probably the highlight food wise the entire trip. There was a big group of us (probably 15 or so total), we already had a table waiting for us so were seated quickly. The service first off was excellent, again we were a large group. Had some yummy sangria to start and then got down to business. A couple other people in our party did the ordering so I don't even know all the different items we tried but we did have a good variety. 

The standouts for me were beef and cheese, pintxo de chorizos, stuffed dates, cheese platter, and conejo al ajillo. Hands down the beef tenderloin with the cheese, honey and pecans was the best thing i ate on the entire trip. I normally am not a red meat person, but this was amazing. It was cooked perfectly, was so tender and the flavors just allowed it all to melt in your mouth. I probably could've sat there all day and just ate that one dish. For dessert we had arroz con leche de coco, santiago's cake, flan, churros and buñuelos. The arroz con leche was probably my favorite and allowed for a perfect way to end a  delicious meal

If you're in Vegas and want to try something new (even though it's pricey but heck you're in Vegas) I recommend going to Aria and dining at Julian Serrano's, you will not be disappointed.
My wife loves this type of food so she wanted to take me out to try it.  It did not meet our expectations.  We left still wanting more food and thought it was over priced for what it was.  Most of the food is pre-made.  We ordered 3 items and they all came out in around 5 minutes.  I asked how they got all of it done so quickly and they said they had the food pre-made for what we got.  Nice decor and great service.  We were in and out in about 30 minutes so it was quicker than we were wanting.  I will probably not come back.
We just happened to stumble upon this place for a snack on Dec. 11. OMG - it was delicious! I've had tapas before at many restaurants over the years but this was a standout. We sat at the bar and ordered 5 tapas, which all were amazingly good. Exquisitely delicious,  tasteful, great presentation and excellent service.
Great restaurant in City Center.  I had many things on the menu and all where fantastic.  They also have a very good wine list.   Great decor and friendly staff.  One of the best meals I have had on the strip in years.
Julian Serrano was good but maybe I was overly hyped about the restaurant.  I guess I expected something out of this world but it was ok.  I've had very good tapas in Manhattan beach, San Francisco, and elsewhere and Julian Serrano is about the same.  It was good.  Also their sangria tastes watered down.  One of the few times I didn't finish my drink and I usually never let alcohol go to waste.  But the atmosphere and our waiter rocked so we had a good time.
Salty! I am not a person who puts a lot of salt on my food, but I do enjoy just the right amount, and a few of the tapas that I tried were a little too salty for me.  Despite the saltiness the tapas were good and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The restaurant itself was fun to hang out in, and the wine list did not disappoint.
I of course went to this restaurant based on the reviews here and how beautiful the food looks in advertising and pictures. Plus I love tapas/small plates.

The food was pretty much horrible, with the exception of one item we ordered (the stuffed Piquillo peppers being the only thing I'd recommend). 

The Ahi Tuna w/ Molecular Raspberry was a good concept just poorly executed: our Ahi was cooked and tough, and the raspberry element was nothing more then a piece of opaque jello (gross). 

The Gambas was a complete waste... first of all any restaurant that is suppose to be of this quality should never use pre-cooked bay shrimp with anything! These gross little shrimp were just sitting in an olive oil/butter mix with a few pieces of garlic - the dish was just appalling. 

The Croquettas weren't even croquettas in my opinion. There was hardly any meat to them... they should of just called them fried cheese sticks.

THE ONLY GOOD FOOD ITEM WE HAD WAS THE STUFFED PIQUILLO PEPPERS. Stuffed with a goat cheese blend and an excellent tomato sauce on top, these were just the right balance of creaminess and spice with a sauce to pull it all together.

If you are use to quality food, I would definitely  not recommend this place... or if you do go definitely don't get the three items I mentioned above. It should be a 1 star rating, but the pitcher of Sangria (which is like 12 glasses worth) was pretty good :P
The paella was way too salty- I couldn't even finish it!  The rest of the food was good, but way overpriced.  There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas where I would rather spend my money and get better portions of food.  I don't believe in paying top dollar for bird sized portions or salty paella that tastes like it was made from a box.  Disappointed.
Very creative and delicious food.  I've been too many tapas places and they are rarely up to par (especially if you've been so Spain and understand what Spanish cuisine is supposed to taste like).  We ordered 4 tapas and each one hit it out of the park.  Our favourite, interestingly, was pan con tomate, which is so basic, but Julian Serrano's pan con tomate will blow your taste buds.  The other dishes -- ahi tuna codes, beef with figs and manchego and mushroom risotto -- were also stellar and very interesting takes on traditional Spanish cuisine.
I've eaten here a couple of times and the only objection I have are the extravagant prices. The food is always delicious and the service is great, I just wish it was a little less expensive.
Ridiculous menu. EVERYTHING we ordered was so amazing and reasonably priced. The "Beef & Cheese" could be one of the best things I've ever eaten(order it med-rare). Our bartender was Premo and he was awesome. If you can't find a drink you like, he'll gladly come up with one for you.

\Get there early on the weekends or make reservations because they fill up quick. It's a pretty dressy atmosphere so your typical jeans and a t-shirt get up probably won't cut it.
With so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, I wanted Julian Serrano to be better than it was.

It's visually stunning - the colors are beautiful and happy and vibrant... but why the televisions?  And why were they playing a program showing people being decapitated?  And why was our waiter so... laissez fair and slow?

Anyway.  The raw tuna dish was amazing, as was a dish with egg, french fries and pancetta (my dream breakfast).  The pork on skewers dish we had wasn't good at all - it was tough, chewy and flavored in a way that did not make my mouth happy.  The cured meat platter didn't "wow" me.

I did like the Spanish lessons being played in the bathroom.   Glad I tried this place, but I want my Spanish food taken up a few notches.
Service here is always prompt, thoughtful(suggestions galore) and steady... and valet parking is a short stroll from the nearby Aria entrance. The ambiance is airy and open, and the bar setup (fruit instead of fake tapas) is witty and hip for a tapas-style spot. 

Tapas: I begin each meal with a cheese plate(highly recommended) or the pan manchego? So far, I most enjoy the salmon with truffle(I often order two) and some other seafood dish I cannot presently recall. Lobster gazpacho is a must for those who(like moi) generally hate gazpacho or cold blends. Other notables, thus far: raspberry tuna dish(it actually works!), lobster salad, huevos estrellados, bass(Oprah-aaaaammazing, lol!), chorizo. The flan here is intricate and delicious.

One dish I hate here is the steak featured on the tapas menu. It tasted like mediocre sirloin... I admittedly--owing to its horrible texture--consider sirloin essentially dog food. I've never tried the paella but was informed that it tastes just like Spain's, which is not a good thing. To explain: paella(with or without saffron) is a stupid idea. Simply read the ingredients/preparation and you will sigh with comprehension... I call paella culinary meth, lol. If you insist on an entree the filet mignon(or I imagine any seafood or pork dish here) is a pleaser.

Impeccable texture and taste overcome (merely above average) presentation at this spot--one of my faves for lunch or silly dinners. On my last visit, I enjoyed a quick bite/wine at the bar with friends. I have yet to try the early eve special but it sounds like a killer deal.    

4 stars rather than 5 because some of the flavors repeat (a few dishes beg for drizzles; others for acidity to combat the olive oil and make things more spanish and less greek); however, I wish I could give 4.5 stars b/c they serve tender octopus And delicious fried calamari that doesn't even need the sauce or lemons.
We went to Vegas around Christmas to treat ourselves to some great food, and Julian Serrano was a stellar surprise. Prior to coming, we studied the menu and got a few ideas about what we wanted to order. Our first visit was for dinner one evening, and we decided to try their $39 prix fixe menu with the $19 wine pairing.

Everything about the meal and service was outstanding! We had a few questions about the food and possible substitutions for dessert, and what our waiter couldn't answer immediately, he quickly found out and was very helpful.

For the appetizer round, my partner and I shared the Brava Potatoes and the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers. Such simple items, but oh so delicious. The potatoes are topped with a mildly spicy bravas sauce and an alioli; when combined with the crispy potatoes, it's a perfect bite! The piquillo peppers were equally delicious. Although they're a bit small, they pack a huge punch in each bite. I'm not a fan of mushrooms, but they were blended so well with the goat cheese that it made for a delicious two or three bite dish. The waiter paired a refreshing Riesling with this course and it was the perfect accompaniment. 

The entree round brought me the Organic Pork Chop with pisto serrano and a dijon mustard sauce, which was topped with thin, crispy-fried wonton crisps. My partner had the seasonal fish, which was a perfectly cooked salmon, with a side of sauteed spinach with raisins, apples, and pine nuts all topped with a buttery garlic sauce. Both dishes were cooked perfectly, but the pork chop was the standout. The dijon sauce was drool-worthy and each bite of the chop with the pisto serrano and the wonton crisps was moan-inducing. I don't usually enjoy fish, but the bite of salmon I had was very good (perfect for fish-lovers, I'm sure). We had a delicious Cava paired with this course and it complemented the dishes well.

There were three great options for dessert on the $39 menu, but we spotted the churros with a spicy chocolate dipping sauce on the $59 menu and thought we'd ask if we could substitute. Our waiter made it possible, and we could not have been more pleased. Who doesn't love a good, crispy fried churro and a spicy chocolate sauce?! He paired a sweet Sherry (Hidalgo - Pedro Jiminez) with this course and it was the perfect pairing. With each dip of the churro in the sauce, you could pick up a faint hint of the spice in the chocolate, but when you took a sip of the sherry - WOW! The sherry was so good. The hint of raisin and almond with a buttery sweet finish was the perfect coupling with the spicy-sweet fried goodness. 

The atmosphere here was great as well. You're still close enough to the casino to people-watch (if that's what you like), but it's also private enough to have a quiet meal. We were seated at one of the tables connected to the bar, which was right next to two of the kitchens where we could watch all the delicious tapas coming out. The setting is casual enough where you can come in from a day walking the strip and sit down for a great meal.

Overall, this was the best place we ate at while in Vegas. So much so, that we decided to have it for lunch the day we left (see below for details). Do yourself a favor and go to Julian Serrano now. You won't be disappointed.

********

UPDATE: Our experience the night before at another Aria restaurant was awful, so we decided to return to Julian Serrano for lunch before leaving Vegas. This time, we opted to select a few different tapas to share. Again, the service was great and we got another table near the kitchen so we could see all the delicious food coming out. Since this visit was more about trying the different tapas, here's what we had:

- Golden and Red Beet Salad: Delightfully delicious, earthy and refreshing. I never had beets before, but this was a great introduction to that earthy root. The beets were paired with frisee, citrus fruits (lime, orange and grapefruit) and molecular pineapple. There's a perfectly sweet beet syrup on the bottom that marries well with the whole salad.

- Warm Goat Cheese Salad: This was light and refreshing as well - a good dish to prep your palate for the more heartier dishes to come. 

- Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas: Yum! Yum! Yum! Delicately fried and filled with chicken and a scrumptious bechamel sauce, these bites are not to be missed. Four come to an order.

- Stuffed Dates: Having made these at home, we could appreciate the time-consuming effort these little meat candies take to prepare. The dates are stuffed with goat cheese (I think) and an almond, then wrapped in bacon for a perfectly sweet and savory bite. The piquillo pepper sauce on the side was a nice surprise. Mildly spicy, which was a great addition to the sweetness of the dates. Four of these come to an order as well. 

- Huevos Estrellados: We were on the brunch side of lunch, so this was a great dish. Crispy french fries topped with eggs and chorizo - a nice and hearty finish to a perfect meal.
The tapas were all fine, but nothing to write home about. The pata negra, which I always get if it is available, was OK. It was fatty but had a weird aftertaste to it that I have never had the other times I tried pata negra. At $38 per order, it should be phenomenal. The bacalao fritters were good as were the albondigas but they should give you bread to soak up the albondigas sauce. The black rice was good and the seafood was fresh but there was nothing that was special about the dish. The stuffed dates were OK. I expected more from Julian Serrano, maybe one dish that was transcendent but of the ones I tried, none were. At least there are tapas restaurants in Las Vegas now.
This place was really good, and not to pricey for the quality you are getting. The white Ceviche was the best I have ever had.

The stuffed peppers were great also.
Food was pretty authentic in parts all that except the molecular stuff.. Very PRICEY and lacks a restaurant setting overall.
Best thing about the Aria is this restaurant. If you have food allergies, they actually give you a printout that lists everything on the menu and let you know by allergy what has what. This is the only place in Vegas that did not make me sick.
great tapas style restaurant!

absotulety loved the mojitos (strawberry to be exact), bravas potatoes and the churros.

-1 star for being a spanisg/latin restaurant and NOT having any spicy salsas
I went here with some friends while in Vegas for my 30th birthday celebration. I loved this place! The staff were very friendly, the food was fantastic (I suggest the ahi tuna, creamy risotto, beef and cheese, potatoes bravas, pan manchego, and red sangria), and the restaurant had a great ambiance! The floors were mosaics, the chairs were big and comfortable, the temperature was perfect. Oh, and I got a birthday dessert! I would definitely go back!
Modern,chic decor and friendly wait staff. Completely tapas style menu and extensive cocktail ,wine & apertif selection. Black pork pintxo is a Iberian pork shoulder with carmelized onion on toast, bruschetta style but was rare, with bright pink through middle. Gamey to the taste buds. Then the mixed paella consisted of lobster,mussels,a very tasty Smokey chorizo, chicken & saffron rice....arborio rice wasnt cooked throughly & light salt gave understated flavor. Black rice with squid ink was surprisingly delicious & squid was tender & flavored to perfection. Gambas a la plancha was impressive whole prawns with garlic & lemon, essence of shrimp all the way through. Octopus served atop thick sliced blanched potatoes with paprika was disappointing at best. Flan for dessert n fried donut balls were mediocre. Overall didn't live up to the hype of chef Serrano.
Overpriced tapas.  "meh, tasted better" food.
I have been to Spain, and you Sir are no Tapas cook. 

Took two seats at the bar thinking...busy night, should be good and quick...bzzzz..wrong!  Took forever to get the waiter/bartender's attention...and that was the best of the evening's service.  Food finally got rolling and it was quite forgettable, in fact I have already forgotten what I ordered.
Hotel restaurants have high overhead, but paying full entree prices for small plates is wrong...lesson is don't put a restaurant like this in a high overhead location.  You are setting your customers up for disappointment when they see the prices.

Overall Suggestion : Avoid!
.
Many reviews have been written about this restaurant already so I'll just say that the service was excellent and comment on the dishes we tried:

Stuffed peppers: excellent
Salmon with truffle: excellent
Gambas; Horrible
Chicken croquettes: good but not great
Serrano ham on tomato bread: outstanding 
Steak with Brie: good but not great

I would definitely go back though.
Yes 5 stars! I am not going to  try and be stingy on my stars, Julian Serrano is worthy of all the stars , the moon and the sun too!  THIS IS WHERE I HAD THE  BEST CEVICHE I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE!

I'm so not a Las Vegas fan! (Yeah, I'm that boring!) If I want to "live it up" South Beach has  never dissapointed. The thing is though, I love road trips! So much so that I would go anywhere even when I don't care for the destination. "Hey you wanna take a road trip to hell?" Me: " Oh! Hell yeah!...you are driving, right?" 

WHY I HATE VEGAS, WELL IF YOU CARE...

THE CHEESY DAY CLUB SCENE:
Don't get  me wrong, I love pool parties but the whole Vegas day club culture with cheesy Z list "celebrity" hosts from mind numbing reality shows-BARF! 
This scene can be entertaining for about 20 min ...well unless you are slizzered! The scene as in dudes with huge biceps,  meaningless "tribal tatoos"  and chicken legs walking around like they're about to fly! Oh! And their counterparts, Pamela Anderson wannabees looking like they came to audition for America's Next Top Pornstar.  Meanwhile, the evil twin in me is itching to stick a pin in those thingies, something about inflated balloons...


NIGHT CLUBS:
Even worse; populated with the same roid heads from the pool trying to be all "big pimpin"  because they just paid $500 for $20 bottle of Grey Goose Vodka for the privilege of being sorrounded by 20  "hot" girls.  
And the sad thing is  that, these ladies  are not even interested in these "ballers". They would play the part for a free drink and a place to park their asses and rest their 6" heels wearing feet! As you know, In Vegas, no bottle service, no seating! So if you don't want to get bottle service yourself, you'd better  find someone who could...

SENSORY OVERLOAD
 1. 2000 ladies of all shapes and sizes(not a compliment) wearing the Vegas Saturday Night Uniform-the "Freak Em Dress"... with 6 inch heels! Yap! That super short, super tight dress that used to be a favourite of prostitutes all over the world but now... Hey!  I don't even know what  Vegas "working girls" wear to gain a competitive edge over that girl from Kansas who just want to  "let the freak out" for the weekend! That is some conundrum!  

2. The Wayne Newton's face everywhere- taxis, buidings, mugs...DISTURBING!

3. The annoying slots machine ringers that I keep hearing even in my sleep!  The fake foreign cities,  waterfalls and beaches...

4.  Millions of Elvis impersonators...I mean seriously, who goes to Vegas to watch a fake Elvis?

OTHER ANNOYING FACTORS:
1) The fact that you have to walk many carpeted miles in your highest heels to get to the main door?

 2)  LET ME NOT START WITH THE VEILED SLOBBERING DRUNK BACHELORETTES! 

WHY I GO TO VEGAS.

Besides the road trip, I go to Vegas because of one thing and one thing only-THE RESTAURANTS!

THE VEGAS DINING EXPERIENCE:
I can comfortably say that  with all the fake glitz and cheesy glamour, Las Vegas  is home to the best restaurants in the country...well, in close third to NYC and San Francisco!  

We turned up at Julian Serrano by chance after an award show at MGM. A night before, we had a late dinner at Comme Ca at the Cosmopolitan, so for the next dinner, we wanted to try out restaurants at Aria. We first headed down to Bar Masa because of its New York connection. 
We get to Bar Masa " Bla! Bla! Bla! You have no reservation, you'll have to wait for the late sitting" (an hour later).  Moi, I am in no shape to wait-I am hungry, cranky, I am in so much pain, my hooker heels are killing me from all that walking through the Casino to get to the MGM main entrance!

So I  told the Maitre d' I can't wait but needed a recommendation. This guy  personally walked us to Juliano Serrano. And of course, I am not that excited to be at JS because I was looking forward to eat at Bar Masa-my mind was already made up! And I am also thinking, I have had the best tapas already, what can this chef do that is different form all other tapas restaurants? 

The restaurant when you look at it ,is so unassuming-bright color modern decor-nothing special.

THE FOOD:
We had:
- Lobster Salad 
- Red Beet Salad 
-Ahi Tuna Tempura  
-Avocado Cannelloni 
-Huevos Estrellado 
-Sautéed Padron Peppers 
-White Ceviche (EASILY THE BEST CEVICHE I HAVE EVER HAD!)

-Steamed Mussels 
-Gambas a la Plancha 
-White Anchovy Fillets 
-Grilled Lamb Chop 
-Stuffed Dates 

Yeah and we definitely stuffed our faces too ;-). 

We paired the tapas with a great bottle of wine as recommended by the sommelier. 

I was so happy that I ended up here instead of Bar Masa; what a great surprise that was! I had no expectations coming in and ended up with the best tapas I ever had (as far as I can recall!)  

I highly recommend Julian Serrano as the restaurant to dine at when you are in Las Vegas. I have dined at some of the "best restaurants in Las Vegas" but this one is high on that list!

Compliments to Chef Serrano!

Live, Love, Lose, Learn,
Had the $39 tasting menu and it was FANTASTIC!

Lobster gazpacho - very flavorful soup with a great tomato taste. Yes, there's actually lobster meat in it!

Brava potatoes - omg I don't know what the spicy sauce was, but it was delicious! I wanted to drink it. The little cubed potatoes were crispy on the outside and were just perfect with the sauce. Of course, some got soggy at the end, but they were still good.

Salmon - Sourced from the same proprietor as the fish for Bar Masa next door. Two of my friends got this dish and it was THE best salmon they have ever had in their lives. These are girls that always order the fish option on any menu.

Pork chop - Delicious! It's a very large chop. It's very thick so you would think the outside would be dry, but it's not. Juicy all around.

Rice Pudding - This was probably the most disappointing dish. I wouldn't get it again.

Molten chocolate cake - YES! They make it well here.

White sangria - refreshing and buzz worthy! pun intended.
Food is great but the seating is not great! The tables are to close to each other. It's difficult to have a conversation. Besides that, the food and service is great!
Came here for lunch while staying at Aria. Definitely a good place to check out if you want tapas, the menu is pretty extensive. We ordered the calamari, black rice (squid ink & lobster), mussels, and ceviche among other things. Everything tasted good and the seafood, fresh. We ordered a pitcher of red wine sangria, which was very good.

Our server was extremely friendly and helpful, upon seating us he asked us if we were familiar with tapas, etc. (we were, I eat out... alot)

The bathrooms are pretty funny, instead of cheesy "elevator-lounge type music," it's basically a Learn to speak Spanish tape.
Was really unimpressed by the food here. We had a group of about 10, so the waiter suggested that we allow the chef to make a menu for us. We agreed.

First dish was a spanish tortilla - basically an omelette with potatoes and onions. Tasty start.

2nd - calamari. Nice big pieces, served with a tasty aioli.

3rd - fried potatos in a spicy tomato sauce, with the same aioli as above. Pretty good.

4th - ahi tuna with a thin tempura coating, deep fried. I thought this was okay, a little bland.

5th - chicken croquettes with a bechamel sauce on the inside. There was nothing really wrong with this dish, except it was pretty unimpressive flavor wise. Basically a chicken nugget with the sauce on the inside.

6th -Meatballs. Really? These tasted like frozen meatballs you'd get at a grocery store, and served in a tomato sauce with potatoes...the exact same tomato sauce and potatoes as in #3.

7th - prawns in olive oil. Really disappointing. When I think Spanish gambas, I think nice big head on shrimp. These were peeled, boiled, shrimp cocktail style in some unmemorable olive oil. Pass.

8th - chorizo with mashed potatos - looked like lil' smokies in a pile of unmemorable mashed potatos. The sausage had this weird sour taste to it. eww.

9th - deep fried figs wrapped in ham. Served with the same tomato sauce as in #3 and #6. It tasted like a fried fig. Nothing special here.

10th - grilled steak slices with japanese eggplant. this was actually an alright dish, but not spectacular by any means.

This restaurant seems like tapas that are dumbed down to be more accessible to the general public. Which I guess is what you want for a place like Vegas. If you're a real foodie though, avoid. I also didn't like how the reused so many ingredients in several dishes. Also service was not the best.
Was looking for a place to eat at the aria since we had a party to go there afterwords and Julian Serrano was the only one that seemed to get good reviews on yelp..so thanks go all you yelpers, so helpful!

I enjoyed it alot,  these two dishes were my favorite!

Beef and Cheese- Prime Tenderloin, Brie Cheese, Toasted Bread
Salmon roulade | house-cured salmon | rocoto mayo | tartar sauce

The paellas was okay, not the best, the rice was kind of hard.  I like it better at Jaelo in the Cosmo.
Lobster salad comes with free bug.

We took clients to lunch.  1/3 way through my lobster salad, a lady bug crawled out from beneath the greens.  ugh.  We sent it back.

I wasn't really impressed with the other dishes.  They weren't bad, just not memorable.

I was a bit surprised the manager didn't come by the table to apologize, and perhaps offer desert or something ... no one acknowledged the bug.  Yes, it was *only* a ladybug, but still ...  Even worse, they didn't remove the item from the bill.

Since it was a client lunch I didn't want to make an issue of it.  But, for the $ I would have expected better service.

I will give huge props to the general manager.  After reading my survey feedback on my experience, he promptly contacted me (on a weekend, no less).  He was very nice and they did adjust the bill quite a bit more than just removing the salad.  5 stars for him and his attempt to make it right.

Without the bug incident, I still would just give the place 2.5 stars.  Not really worth the cost.  

Sorry, Julian Serrano.
Came here in January for lunch and I was disappointed.  Everything was too salty.  Someone in the kitchen had a heavy hand.  I complaint about it and the server told me it was salty because every dish is finished with finishing sea salt.  Ok i get that, I use it all the time to finish some of my dishes, but when I've over salted my food to begin with and on top of that I use finishing salt then it becomes really salty...duh! I know what finishing salt does, but i don't think their cook knows how to use it.  My lips pruned up after this meal and I had to drink about a gallon of water afterwards. 
 
I would probably not go back again.
stayed at the aria 2/6 - 2/7.  had lunch here after check in on the 6th.

had the monkfish, rissoto, potatoes, spinich, lobster salad, fisherman's soup.

monkfish had no taste - skip this.

potatoes were not crisp.  i think they were pre cooked and leftover from the super bowl weekend.

lobster salad was ok only.

spinich was spinich.  not hard to make but very hard to screw up.

my buddy had the soup but he said it was fine.

we got talked into this place when we approached.  if a place has to talk you into eating there, don't go.  i should've lived by this rule but i paid the price for not.

the funny thing is that i was bad mouthing this place to my dinner companions that same evening and one of them echoed my exact sentiments.
JULIAN SERRANO vs. FIREFLY

Oh Julian, your tapas on the strip is over-priced but its worth every penny.

PRICE: Tapas adds up after a while. At Firefly, most of my orders are in the $4-8 price range. At Serrano, my usual orders are in the $10-16. That's nearly double what I normally spend but on occasion, I like to splurge and enjoy a more upscale meal in a setting 100% more luxurious than local favorite Firefly.

FOOD: You get what you pay for. My favorites at Firefly are stuffed dates, shrimp ceviche, and lamb skewers. I've tried each of their counterparts at Serrano. And I have to admit that they do each one better. The flavors are more complex and refined. The dates are melt-in-your-mouth good. The quality of meat (in this case lamb) at Serrano is more tender and less game-y. I've tried all of the ceviches here and each and every one is extremely fresh and flavorful. Firefly's ceviche tends to be a little heavy on the lemon and on occasion I'll get a fishy one. I tend to order more seafood at Serrano as well. I feel like all the hot seafood tapas I've ordered here are spot on. Some of the best seafood dishes I've eaten in Vegas--period.

SANGRIA: I'm sorry Serrano, but I have to say Firefly does this one better. I don't doubt for a second that there's a lot involved in making the sangria here. But there's something so familiar and delicious about the red wine sangria at Fireflys. The delicate balance of fruit and wine flavor has been perfected. And hey, you can't beat the 50% off pitchers of Sangria during Firefly Happy Hour.

SERVICE: In a fine dining setting, I'm very particular about my service. If I'm paying a fine dining price & tip, I expect to be waited on appropriately. Every time I've been here my server has been quite attentive and friendly. I've only once been dissatisfied with my service; but it was a holiday and the place was ridiculously crowded.

If your wondering if its worth the money, then YES! Don't hesitate because you think you get a better value at Firefly. Firefly will always be a favorite close to my heart but when I want to eat a little finer and I want to pay for it--Julian Serrano is my upscale tapas of choice.

Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Whenever I visit Spain first thing I do is find a bar serving beer and Pimientos de Padrón so when I saw there was a Spanish tapas rest in our hotel I had to find out if they had them and to my surprise they did. Surprised, you see, because they are not readily avaiable even in Spain. I once had to check into about 10 bars before I found one with this delicacy.

Since we were there we tried other tapas including the cannelloni which were delish, some meat on toast which was one of our aves, the mussels which were meaty, and the meatballs which were certainly not our favorite amongst others. They seem to have been fried in old oil. Nothing like the frying oil used in In n Out Burger where we spent our last dinner in Vegas!

While we were in the restaurant the 2012 Grammy Awards were going on and the server was nice enough to change the basketball game (yawn) to the Grammys.  

Will upload pics soon as I am a food photographer aficionado.

Buen provecho!
Tapas is Spanish for, "little food for a lot of money" and this could not be any more true at this restaurant.  Service was quick, but the portions were much smaller and more expensive than other Tapas places, like the one in the Cosmo.  I will say the pineapple and coconut milk was outstanding.  Plan to spend $75 per person not to walk out hungry.
I frequent Vegas (being a Southern California native) and I never, ever miss going to this place. It is expensive, and, as a recent graduate, I am not the richest gal. However, this is my FAVORITE restaurant in Las Vegas. Tapas are a great way to spend a couple hours over dinner. I really could not pick a favorite, but if I had to, I would say the stuffed peppers and the chorizo plate. I also absolutely love the size of their Sangria pitchers. A lot of places will charge way too much for a small amount of wine. The pitcher comes out to about 7-8 glasses. It's somewhere around $40, and it's absolutely worth it. 
The best thing about a restaurant like this is that it is suitable for ALL occasions. My boyfriend and I go for romantic dinners, I have been with my friends for my birthday twice now, and I have also been there with 12 of my extended family members! There is no wrong or inappropriate time for a restaurant like this. 
I love love love it here!
If I had to list a complaint, I would say the waiters/waitresses are not super attentive, but it's barely noticeable. 
If you're interested in a tapas restaurant, I would highly recommend this place.
(And consider getting a reservation if you go between 7-9 on Friday/Saturday)
This review is way overdue but better late than never. My husband and I went to Vegas on our honeymoon back in November and went to have tapas here. This place had amazing food. Yes they were expensive about $10-$15 a plate but Julian Serrano is the chef so I don't know what people expect and they are small portions but that is what tapas are. Tapas are not meant to be full meals, they are Spanish appetizers. If you are the type who looks for more bang for your buck or does not like to splurge then this would not be the restaurant for you. If it takes alot for you to get full then prepare to spend some money. The prices are clearly marked and the staff does inform you of the portion sizes beforehand so you can always walk if it is not what you want to spend your money on. There are no tricks or surprises. It would be nice to see more reviews about the food then people getting mad about the high prices of the tapas as if someone held a gun to their head and forced them to choose to eat there.Sorry about the rant. now back to the review:

 We had the 2 orders of the croquetas, potatas bravas, churros with chocolate chili sauce, and the flan. Everything was so pretty I almost did not want to eat it. They were amazing and they filled us up also! If you are looking for authentic Spanish tapas, a laid back atmosphere, and upscale customer service all in the same place then I strongly suggest you visit here. The food is worth every penny and I will be back when I go to Vegas. His staff is very polite and we never went one second without not being attended to and the staff made sure we had everything we needed at all times.
My friends and I came to Vegas for fun and great food; we were staying at the Aria hotel and decided to take a chance on this place.   The menu choices sounded interesting and I have never been to a Tapas Bar before.

My friend had the huevos dish with "fried potatoes" and chorizo and was a little surprised that she got a plate of eggs, mini sausages over french fries.   She was definitely not that happy with the dish.

I was starving and ordered a little bit too much food for myself.   I had the Bravo potatoes with spicy ketchup which were decent, almost tasted like home fries with tabasco infused ketchup.   I also had the chicken croquettes; I would NOT recommend those to anyone, it honestly tasted like a creamy chicken nugget...  Gross...

For dessert, we had spicy Mexican hot chocolate  with churros.  It had a spicy aftertaste; churros were good, but the hot chocolate was not sweet, just tasted like spice.  

I would have given this place a 1/5 except our waitress was excellent, the managers came to check on us often to make sure we were taken care of, and we were seated quite quickly for a busy Saturday night.   GREAT, no, FANTASTIC service, not very appetizing food...   Come in for some tapas if you've thrown back a few and need something quick to eat.
3.8 stars.  Julian Serrano is a tapas restaurant located in the lobby of the Aria Hotel next to the front desk.  The restaurant is decorated in vivid colors and is enclosed by a short clear divider that leaves part of the restaurant exposed to the eyes of lobby guests.  Since the divider is only a few feet tall and clear, I think that the people who dine at these tables get a more casual atmosphere since it almost feels like you are dining in the lobby itself.  However, the rest of the tables are tucked further back into the restaurant giving it a more private and cozy atmosphere.  

I have been here a few times and the people who dine here have always ranged from extremely casual ("Hi, I just came from the pool") to dressed to impress ("I'm going to the cluuuuub!").  I've seen families with small children here and I've also seen bachelorette parties here.  The good thing is that the ambiance can really accommodate anyone, and the restaurant is spacious enough that you can sit far away from small children if you prefer.  

The service has always been excellent - no complaints there.  As for the food, it is definitely pricey for the size of the dishes.  I believe each small plate is $8-$14 and they are tiny.  However, the dishes are great if you want a high-quality light meal.  One dish that I was impressed with based on its size is the paella.  It is HUGE.  I ordered it when I was with a party of 10 girls - 4 of us really wanted paella, and the menu said that the portions are designed for 2 people.  Based on the size of the tapas, we were thinking that the paella would also be small and fulfilling, so we asked to get a 3-person serving for $75 (expensive IMO).  The paella dish was so big that it easily fed 8 of us (in addition to the small plates), and we left happy and full.
Went at 5:30pm on a Wednesday so crowd was light, service was pleasant and responsive, and food came out fast (majority in ~5-10 min).

Atmosphere was like eating in a hotel lobby/lounge (which you are).

Food was so so.  In order of preference:

Stuffed piquillo peppers - bright acidity of tomato sauce well grounded by goat cheese
White ceviche - tons of lime (almost soupy) but with great texture and flavor (suprising amount of spice)
Albondigas - light fine crumbly texture but short on flavor
Brava potatoes - soft on inside and light crisp on outside; go well with garlic aoili and creamy tomato sauce
Grilled calamari - meh...  it's just a miniature grilled (not even sliced) squid wih some lime and garlic and garnishing
Pintxo de chorizos - little smokies on a bed of mashed potatoes
Ahi tuna tempura - too much going on in this dish.. it was just weird..  go to a sushi place instead
Here's the thing with reviewing Vegas strip MEGA property restaurants -- you're going to be raped no matter what you do.  Portions small, prices gargantuan.   So when you bend over to pick up the soap, you're really reviewing how far you have to bend over and if the soap smells nice.

Many resorts sport interior restaurants.  By interior I wish to stress that they lack windows to the outside.  I've got news for the Caesars/Harrah and MGM/Mirage groups:  more and more I'm less and less inclined to eat in a cave.  Unless you have a space as ginormous as the TAO in the Venetian, my business may move elsewhere.

Julian Serrano's Tapas sits in the lobby of the Aria.  A lobby big enough to fit the Casino Royale inside of it.  The designers smartly made it wall-less on one side.  So despite any nearby windows, there's a definite feeling of space and... wait for it... aria.   The decor is casual but stark, modern but warm somehow.  Not the best in Vegas but definitely different and frankly refreshing.

Onto the food.  Hmm.   Tapas is a fancy way of saying a menu of appetizers with a re-occuring Spanish theme.   Since my partner in crime is a vegetarian, she was in paradise, since the menu sports 14 or so choices for her.  This rare circumstance ensures her return engagement.

Since I eat meat, I have to ask myself if it was really so special.  I made a mistake and ordered the ahi-tuna.  It was deep fried, very small, and dry.  I should have returned it but I was engaged in a business meeting of sorts and since I wasn't picking up the tab I stayed quiet and fed myself.   

Samples of other dishes were all pretty good -- but nothing blew me away.  What I would say is that portions should grow a little and prices should drop a little.  Or a more fun version of this idea would be 'buy three and the cheapest is free'.  That sounds silly, but trust me, that would make this fun -- which is what tapas should be.

I've tried FIREFLY off the strip and didn't think that was really much better.  Tapas is too easy a way to rip people off and instead should be too easy a way to delight customers.  I dream of Italian tapas and will keep searching for such.

Until then, not a bad Vegas resort dining experience.  But there are so many better.  MESA, TAO, RAO'S, OLIVES, BLT -- just for starters.
The good:
(1) Portions here are large for tapas.
(2) Service is really fast.
(3) Servers are very friendly.
(4) Anything with beef, tripe, or sausage are excellent.
(5) White fish ceviche!

The bad:
(1) Spanish tortilla was super oily.  It seemed to be slice of oily potato frittata.
(2) Brava potatoes were very greasy.  Basically cubed fries, but a little soggy.

Overall, we had an ok experience here.  I liked how we were in and out super quickly so we were able to resume our winning streak at the roulette tables!
Excellent tastes and wonderfully served in a tasting order. My dinner was built to deliver an experience of tastes and flavors that complimented each other perfectly and grew to an epic dessert. Each dish on it's own was simple and heavenly. Combined was a taste of paradise.
Came for Restaurant Week with my sister from another mister (and mama too),  Angela H. 

We did the lunch menu for $30.12

 Lobster Gazpacho; Traditional Chilled Spanish Soup with Lobster Meat- There was a sphere in my spoon and it was a cream "truffle" with some broth in it. The texture of it bursting with broth was texturally exciting. The soup itself was very refreshing and bright, good and very fresh chunks of lobster.

Salmon with Truffle; Truffle Béchamel, Portobello Mushroom - the salmon was perfectly cooked, the bechamel was aces. Salmon is a very common fish so normally I'm a bit "meh" about most preparations but this was pleasant. 

Santiago's Cake; Almond Cake, Turrón Ice Cream, Candied almonds - I am a almond freak and this was a decent cake. I wish there was more of the burnt leche tasting turron ice cream. The crumb candied almonds mixed in with it was good. 

I of course try everything Angie is eating and all pretty good. Stuffed Piquillo had a surprising hearty flavor from the mushrooms, steak with eggplant and mushroom demi glace was tender, churros was ok, but its rich bitter dark chocolate dip was great. 

Service was good. I think our server was coming up a lot because he is trying to get his flirt on. Haha. 

Good impressions of Julian Serrano. I looked at the regular menu and lots of goodies and really, the prices aren't too crazy, competitive with other tapas places, even off strip. I would consider coming here for some tasty snacks whenever family stays at CityCenter.
Just recently had the opportunity to dine at Julian Serrano again and I have to say it might have been one of the best experiences I have ever had.  It began with our waiter, Pedro, who was quite frankly one of the best waiters I've ever had.  The first thing he said to us once our group of 7 sat down was " Welcome to my home.  It will be an honor to take care of you".  And then our culinary journey began.  We showed Pedro a few of the tapas that interested us on the menu and he took care of the rest.  When it was all said and done, we had gone through 30 plates of tapas that covered a wide range of tastes and textures, finishing up with churros dipped in hot chocolate sauce.  All along the way, Pedro was explaining each dish and giving us the Spanish region they came from.  There is no doubt our group will be dining at this restaurant next year and asking for Pedro again to be our waiter.
I came here for an impromptu dinner date on a Saturday night.  We had walked through the Cosmo, Crystals and finally decided on Julian Serrano in Aria.  The restaurant was starting to get busy with the dinner crowd, but we were still able to get a table right away.

My brain was pretty fried from partying two nights already, so I asked for our servers' recommendations and picked something from there.  We ended up getting the Fried Calamari, Spanish Iberico Sliders and Paella Marinera.  The food came out pretty quickly, which was good because we were starving.

The calamari was nice and crispy...pretty much your typical fried calamari.  The sliders were quite good.  They were filled with prime beef, Iberico pork and caramelized onions.  The beef was nice and tender and the caramelized onions gave it a nice sweet flavor.  The paella was huge...it definitely could've been shared by three or four people.  there was calamari, shrimp, mussels, monk fish and vegetables  with saffron rice.  The flavor was amazing and we were quite impressed.  We ended up with leftovers of the paella, and I took it back to my hotel for my post party munchies.  

The service here was very good and our waitress was very attentive.  Granted, most restaurants on the Strip are more pricey, but our bill came out to be very decent for the items we ordered.  I would mark this as a restaurant to come back to and try other items on the menu.
Love the food and the service! Stephan our server really took care of us. If u love tapas then u have to check out this place. Definitely gastronomic !!!
Julian Serrano is located just inside the casino entrance to Aria resort at The City Center on the Vegas Strip. It is an upscale fine dining restaurant that features Spanish tapas (or sharing plates). Simone and I arrived in our finest t-shirts, shorts and sneakers. Although not exactly dressed for a formal dinner, I let the hostess know I had made a reservation and we were quickly escorted past the rich and almost famous to the corner table at the far end of the dining room. Reservations are an absolute necessity if you plan to get a table at this restaurant (especially when dressed like a tourist from Maine).After being seated, our very formal waiter quickly offered us a very expensive wine menu and so we decided to get a diet soda and water ( from the tap). We looked over the menu and decided that we wanted to try the Paella as our entree that we would share. The Paella takes at least 35 minutes to prepare so we placed our order before deciding on our smaller tapas plates. First up we decided on a plate of marinated olives. When they arrived we realized that they were not pitted, so we had fun seeing who could make the biggest mess while trying to get the pits out. The waiter seemed amused by this. The olives were very good and were marinated in roasted garlic and baby onions. For our second tapas we decided to get more adventurous and ordered the Albondigas, which were mini Meatballs cooked in a Tomato and Sherry Sauce. They were some of the most tender meatballs I have ever eaten and they just melted in the mouth. The sauce was mild and light with a nice hint of sherry and also included some roasted baby potatoes.  Our last tapas choice was the new age Egg Potato & Morcilla dish. The dish was a combination of sauteed Wild Mushrooms and Blood Sausage with a soft poached egg, atop a pool of Potato Foam topped with Manchego Cheese Air. This dish was truly memorable and one of the most unique things I have ever eaten. The richness of the sausage and egg combined magicaly with the smokey earthiness of the mushrooms and the potato foam and Manchego air melted away to create a creamy sauce for it all. This dish was a real culinary adventure.  Our Valencia Paella was ready and came to the table piping hot and served in the cast iron pan it was cooked in. It was a delicious combination of baked Saffron laced Spanish rice with house made Chorizo sausage, sauteed Rabbit and tender grilled Chicken topped of with roasted Haricot Verde Green Beans.  We managed to finish off the rather large Paella meal, and then wrapped things up with a dessert tapas of Almond Sponge Cake with Homemade Almond Ice Cream. It was super dense, super moist and super good.  Our entire meal and experience at Julian Serrano was one that I will not soon forget. It was creative, unique and prepared perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone that doesn't mind shelling out a few extra bucks to have the perfect culinary adventure. And next time I'll even wear pants...maybe.
The décor is very edgy and modern so make sure to take pics pictures! The menu is not extensive, but it is the perfect number of dishes or else I might have trouble deciding. My friend and I ordered the dates (which were excellent!), some kind of bread, and ceviche. We were eating at 10:30pm so the portions were perfect. 

With my friend's sangria, tax, and gratuity... it was $50.
Having only just realized Vegas had a Sushi Samba i HAD to check it out tho its no Park Ave SS. Then i stumbled across this tapas bar, and i hadnt come across any since 1997 outside of Spain that did any justice until now. Love everything about this place. Will def keep returning.
This was a great dining experience.  The service was great, the food rocked, and I actually spent less here than I did at some other very nice restaurants that week.

The dishes were pretty memorable: lobster gazpacho (excellent presentation, tasted great), white ceviche (very nice), charcuterie sampler (loved it), pintxo chorizos (nice), black rice w calamari (great, but a bit rich for the last tapa of the night when I was already full), and bombas (spicy meatballs - very good).  The wine list and the sommelier were impressive, but I went with a cool cocktail...some sort of combination of absinthe, cucumber, and ginger beer that tasted pretty darn good.

The serving sizes were a bit larger than I've run across at other tapas restaurants, so I left uncomfortably full (my fault, not theirs).  On my next visit to Vegas and to this restaurant, I'll order a few less tapas and it'll be perfect.
This place gets a C+ (good thing I gave extra credit points earned with the bathroom presentation).

Pros:
1) Aesthetics - the restaurant looks great, the plate presentation looks great, even the bathrooms look great. Love the mosaic tile-job in the bathrooms.  Great color scheme overall.
2) Location - it's in the Aria...can't get any closer...and if you are staying in the Cosmo/Aria/Monte - no cab fare!
3) Learn spanish while visiting the bathroom.  Seriously...spanish 101 cd is going on while you sit/stand/wait in the bathrooms.....think....loungy music when you get up from the table...stroll 100 paces...enter bathroom...and you hear "Autumn...Autumn........Beer...Cerveza..........Money...Deniro...".  You get the point.  
4) Service - Our waitress was on top-of-it.  She got our refills, bill, etc. at just the right time.

Cons:
1) Bartender needs to go.......and here's why:

I tended bar p/t for nearly 8 yrs.  I give a little credit to bartenders when they are a) "in the weeds", b) making 5 different kinds of blended/fu-fu drinks c) dinner rush. I expect a Vegas bartender in an upscale hotel restaurant to be able to take a drink order and deliver it to the party within a reasonable amount of time.

The main bartender looked as though he was so buried you'd think he was working a night club during the main 1030-11p rush.  I looked around and saw every spot at the bar was taken (it only sat ~18peeps) but we were the only peeps standing around asking for a drink.  The tables were full but not packed so he wasn't busy with the server's request.  There were 2 other bartenders working as well.   Then the servers were bringing out dishes for the patrons that were seated at the bar so he wasn't busy with that.  The bartender kept going back and forth between us, the patrons at the bar, the servers running around...you get the point.

We all ordered our 3 drinks total at the same time.  After 15 minutes...he had provided 1...a glass of wine.  We didn't order anything complicated...let's see...glass of red wine, Jeiger-RedBull (as a drink), and a Capn-Coke....nothing too crazy.  No chicky Cosmo, no fu-fu frozen pina-what-cha-ma-call-it.  3 easy drinks.  I looked at the bartender...and he was sweating it...again...not sure why.  

Then my buddy says...hey buddy....can we get the Jeiger-RedBull and Capn-coke.  He is like...oh...oh yea.... no apology, no offer of a freebie or a discount.  another 10 minutes he came with our drinks.  We paid...and about 1 min later we were seated.  

2) Prices.... I know to expect to pay more in a hotel, I know to expect to pay more in a Vegas hotel....and yet I know to expect to pay more in the "latest and greatest hotel in Vegas".....but come on.  Seriously.  $17 for 1 single lamb chop?  $16 for 2 mini cheeseburgers?

3) Portions are small...even for a Tapas-style restaurant.  Each person will need to order minimum of 3 dishes each.
Well Aria is my fav hotel on the strip but having been to Madrid I wanted to check out Julian Serrano because of my absolute favorite thing in Spain -  serrano ham. Now I am VERY bias because it is DELICIOUS in Spain and well it didnt disappoint! I have a great time here guzzling sangrias and quite a few appetizers. I was told a lot of celebrities come here (Eva Longoria was just there) but I didnt see any that day... I always leave 5 stars for a place that I swear I spent well over 4 hours at! CRAY! Food is excellent -  all you need is to get sloshed and hit up the roulette tables... GO BLACK!
Aww. Gotta bump you down JS. Somewhat of a letdown for a handful of out of town guests who had enjoyed their time at Firefly. Mussels were tiny, wasn't feeling the foamy presentation of the pork belly dish (hello Goyemon!) and tried a few other dishes which were fine. Still, service and white wine sangria is still on point just don't think I'm coming back for a while.
Have eaten here probably 4 5x now and it is really one of my fave restaurants for a night out on the Strip... 

So... why 3 stars only this time???  I'm gonna throw the reservation peeps under the bus here... Early last week I called the direct restaurant line (not the general MGM dining reservation line) to speak with someone at the restaurant to reserve a special table (one of the cool "penninsula" tables right by the kitchen) for a special birthday celebration on the subsequent Friday. 

I called at an off hours to ensure that I could explain to the person that I really wanted this particular table blah blah.  To make a long story short, I explained everything and was assured that that table was booked for me at 7:30 that Friday, and received my confirmation code and was so excited for the special birthday meal to come... 

Well, Io and behold we arrived at the designated time that Friday all ready to celebrate and they had screwed up the reservation (had booked us instead at 6pm) so of course, no available kitchen-view table for us :(

Sigh... So our special evening was celebrated at at tiny table w/ no view of anything at the way back of the restaurant.  The saving grace was absolutely *excellent* service by our super-friendly waitperson (Ernest) and the always amazing food ~ esp. the anchovies on toast, the white ceviche and and a drop-dead delicious mushroom risotto.

Moral of the story: CONFIRM your reservation the day before to ensure that it has not been screwed up, especially if it is a special occasion evening.
This place is great. We stopped in once for lunch, and a 2nd time for dinner while we were staying at Aria. Lunch was quick and easy. They have a homemade Sangria that is very popular. For dinner, I had the pork chop which was very good. A few other people at my table got a variety of Tapas. Def try the spanish sliders.
Absolutely delicious, at a decent price point, for quick service, at a classy joint directly on the strip.  Manchega cheese brushcetta was finger-lickin good, the Spanish pizza was phenomenal, the service, top-notch!!! We were served right away. Love it and want to go back!
For someone that loves tapas, and loves modern / molecular gastronomy even more, Julian Serrano was total bliss.  From the moment we sat down, everyone was super accommodating and friendly. The waitress obliged our many questions about the dishes. Even when we asked probably dumb questions to the sommelier, he seemed just genuinely excited to talk about wine. Definitely not the usual smug a*hole you find at most expensive restaurants.

From the rather dark and cave like ambiance of the Aria Hotel's casino floor, Julian Serrano (JS) is a pop of very bright colors and trendy styles. There are decorative sound barriers between the casino floor and the restaurant, so you are sheltered from all the noise and smoke of the casino.

The tapas dishes were the second best tapas I'd ever had, second only to Jose Andres. The traditional Spanish dishes are tasty, but you can generally get them at most Spanish tapas restaurants. Branch out, and try the dishes from the "Modern" section of the menu. These are the hallmarks of Julian Serrano's creativity, not just a mastery of traditional Spanish dishes.

Best Dishes:
The molecular mozzarella with pork belly was fantastic. 
The rabbit and garlic mash dish was very garlicy and delicious.
Huevos Estrellados: This dish was a heart attack we had no chance of finishing, but it was delicious. French fries, fried eggs, and chorizo. Wrap your head around that one.

Not so great dishes:
While I love lobster, and I love pineapple, the lobster-pineapple skewer was too salty/rubbery, and not my favorite.
The gambas/shrimp dish was just cooked shrimp in a bowl of garlic-flavored butter. Really nothing to write home about.

Dishes run about 10-15 dollars each.  Total bill at the end of the night was under $200 for two of us after a bottle of wine (average price, not vintage, not the cheapest on the menu), enough tapas dishes to really fill us up, and a split dessert.
My wife and I visited this wonderful restaurant for Easter lunch. The albondigas (meatballs) were incredibe. They're served in a lightly spiced tomatoe sauce. The steak and cheese with honey and walnuts is a must have. We had 2 other tapas that were excellent also. 

My father in-law is from Spain so my wife knows good Spanish food! The churros and hot chocolate was the best she's had on this side of the big pond.

The servers were friendly and very knowledgeable.

This would be a place to bring a large group of friends.

The bill was 108 before tip. (5 tapas, 2 martinis, 1 dessert)
Every item was heaven . Trust me on the chorizo fries w the fried egg on top. Die.   I mean dreamy delicious perfect yummy ness.
Julian Serrano continues to be really awesome, solidly in to my 4-star territory now. We went back, and this time, the place was packed. We grabbed the last two seats at the bar and tucked in. The highlights:

Still amazing ceviche. Very heavy lime flavor, which I love, tender seafood, and a little heat.

"Tuna cones" are very tasty, tuna sashimi stuffed in to a wonton cone. The wonton was a little on the crisp side...a little towards an eggshell shattering consistency, if you know what I mean? Might be a bit off putting.

Amazing beef sliders, with tomato and some cured ham. Tender...delicious...seriously like eating butter.

And the lobster paella (I went there) was also pretty good. Rice at the perfect consistency, delicious chorizo and chicken, lots of green peas for a little sweet - but not much in the way of lobster. Maybe two good bites per person. This serving is for two, which is fine - good way to have a larger dish and try some smaller things. It'd been a while since I'd had any paella, so this tasted good to me.

I'm glad that if I repeated anything from my last Vegas trip, I repeated here. And thankfully, there's still more to try...
So i went here expecting really good tapas, but what i got was over cooked crap that i wouldn't feed a dog. It was clear that when the food came out and it was barely warm they were pre-cooking everything, then warming it up quickly and serving it. There is no way that it could be  prepared fresh and served as quickly as it was. The sauces were over powering the rest of the flavors, and a whole list of other issues. We left and went to another place.
This was one of the best meals I had while I was in Vegas! Everything that I ordered was amazing.  My cousins and I are vegetarian and this restaurant offers a large selection to choose from.  I really really loved the risotto!! The goat cheese stuffed peppers were also pretty amazing.  
Next time I am in Vegas this will be my first meal!
Recently stumbled in here for a late lunch while visiting Vegas. We wanted something light and tapas seemed to be a good way to engage in portion control. 

After wading through the large menu of tasty-sounding things, we ended up with the piquillo peppers (based on our server's enthusiastic recommendation), braised rabbit, and a cheese tray. We rounded everything out with a couple of glasses of verdejo.

Yeah, I know cheese trays are typically kind of boring, but this one was excellent: four cheeses running that soft-to-hard, mild-to-blue-cheesy spectrum with tasty toast points and a bit of fig for good measure. And it was my first time trying rabbit, which was tender, well-seasoned, and perfectly cooked. I'm a fan, it seems. However, the stars of the show were the piquillo peppers, stuffed with creamy goat cheese and topped with a kind of mole-esque tomato sauce. Even my boyfriend (not a huge tomato fan) was in love with this, to the point that he was really excited to try making a tomato and red pepper soup at home to simulate some of the flavors of this dish.

Service was great. Prices are high, but it's Vegas. We are definitely going to have to come back for a full meal (the paellas sounded amazing!)
We went early and were not disappointed. The early bird menu offers 3 choices each for an appetizer, main course and dessert. Add in the wine pairings and it's $60 per person.Not bad for a delicious meal of that level. 
Service was quick and friendly. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the food and the wine.
I lost count of how many dishes we ordered and what some of them were - but every time something came out of the kitchen, I couldn't get enough. The ceviche was stellar. Mussels were excellent as was the spanish tortilla. I loved the pata negra ham, black rice with lobster and calamari, as well as the iberico sliders. This was probably the best meal I had the whole trip.
Nasim Says EVERYONE must try this place! Out of this world!!
Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to in Vegas!

Lobstar salad left me speechless and wanting more. Heirloom baby tomatoes were AHHHHMAZING. The lobster was sooo fresh and succulent. It really can't get better.

The steak was in a mix of 2 different types of sauces, green and yellow I recall. Another homerun. Moist and tender on par with a 5 star steakhouse.

Seafood soup I could potenitally see myself enjoying this concotion everyday.They are a little stingy with the seafood though.

Rabbit with mashed potatoes. So this was my first time trying rabbit so maybe I shouldn't give my opinion on this. Tastes like chicken?

Sangria (white and red) were both delicious, I could easily say the best I have ever had. Even better than the ones I make at home. 

I don't think you can possibly have anything mediocre at this place. Fun atmosphere in Aria close to the casino. Young vibe. Great Bar and even better food that has some quality and substance to back it up. 

It is alwasy packed so get ready to wait a bit and reservations come highly recommended.
This was a disappointment. I've been to Picasso at the Bellagio and I know what Julian Serrano can do. This meal wasn't a disaster by any means but when you pay these kind of prices, you expect a four or five star experience.

We arrived early for a 5:15pm reservation and were seated prompty. The look of the place (inside the Aria Resort which is part of the City Center complex) is fantastic with some of the best restaurant chairs I've sat in. If you have back problems and are large, you know what I'm talking about. These chairs were generously padded with upper back support.

My partner and I ordered the four-course Signature Tasting menu. I got the wine pairing. The first course was a delightful mixed baby Romaine salad with walnuts, roasted peppers, and Cabrales cheese.  In a sign of things to come, my first wine pairing came while I was in the restroom. It was a full glass of champagne - way too much. I was gulping it but was only a third of the way when the next course came. Also, the pairing was weak - matching champage with a lively, flavorful salad seems lazy.  It simply did not match the inspiration of the salad.

The second course was the standout course - a creamy, wild mushroom risotto. The flavor was intense and earthy. I'd go back just for this course. However, my wine pairing showed up when I was midway through the risotto.  Once again the wine selection was mediocre.  A great wine pairing will play off the flavors of the food. This wine did nothing. Maybe the emphasis on all things Spanish didn't give the somolier enough room to operate.

The third course was where it all crashed. First, my partner received his course first (chicken wrapped around sausage) and was a third of the way through it before I received mine. My first bites of the pork chop were delicious but by the third bite I knew they had seriously overcooked it.  It got drier and drier as I got into it. To get a sense of how dry it was, I had to use a fair amount of force to get my fork into it! At this point, I brought my waiter over to tell her. I continued eating, she brought of the manager over who offered to cook another pork chop or substitute another course. This might make sense if I was eating alone but not with a show to catch or a partner sitting by while I wait for a new entree. This wine pairing was better but I was using anything available (including the leftover champage from the first course) to wash down the pork chop.

The manager came back to ask if there was anything else he could do.  I said no. The manager deducted half the cost of my tasting menu for our tab.  I might go back and try an ala carte/tapas approach. The reason we select the tasting menus is to allow the chef to showcase the best of what he has to offer. For the prices this restaurant charges, you expect fabulous. What we got instead was decidedly not.
The wedding party we were with came here to start the night off with some Tapas and vino so to speak. This place was specifically chosen as a number of us did our MBA's together in Madrid, Spain, so wanted to see how a Madrid Native (Julian Serrano), put the swank in Las Vegas. 

Verdict - the food here was better than we got in Madrid, hands down. The Sangria was a huge disappointment. Not even close to the average Sangria served in Madrid. With that said, the Spanish Absinthe was a very nice surprise. Service was excellent and if we were back in Vegas we would most likely visit Julian Serrano, except for the fact that it is in the Aria Hotel and we had a huge compliant with City Bar (which means we will probably avoid the Aria in the future!).
Like a bug to a light I was attracted to this place by the other Yelp reviewers and the fact it was in eye site from the lobby when I checked into the Aria.  I am happy to report even though the wait was an hour, the food and experience was worth every minute I had to spend drinking in the casino.  I hate it when restaurants make me consume adult beverages.

I may have had a medium Vegas buzz by the time we were seated but I know the Tuna Cones will go down in history as one of my all time favorite small plates.  You must have those little cones of heaven.  The white ceviche was a solid dish that I would have again and the pintxo de chorizos should not be missed.  However those paled in comparison to the mixed paella.  We got one to share after about 8 tapas for a table of 6. It is a big dish that is great for sharing.

Lastly have the espresso cocktail at the end of the meal...WOW!

The atmosphere is nothing to talk about and open to the lobby.  I didn't like that but the service made up for it.  My only other suggestion is to get there either early or after 9:30pm.  The place is packed.

Enjoy!
This was one of the best nights/places I have ever had and eaten at.

I have never had Tapas before, and my boyfriend is a Manager at a high-end hotel and his Director set us up at Julian Serrano's Restraunt when we were in Vegas. We were immediatly sat by the general manager and had the menu changed exclusively for us, all COMPD', and at the end of our amazing meal Julian Serrano himself came to greet us at our table and share some insight on the menu and give us both hugs and a kiss on both cheeks!!

 Truly an amazing expirience. Julian Serrano is a mastermind at Culinary Arts.
ive been to barcelona, palma de mallorca spain... 
ive had tapas in SPAIN.

but i'd rather eat TAPAS @ Julian Serrano!!!!!!!!!!

Literally everything i have ordered here is good, if not very good.

The pitchers of sangria are huge. Good for parties of 4... any less, it might be better to order by the glass.

Highly Recommend:

Colorado Lamb Chops - order in an entree... they give you two chops. I usually order 2 entrees, they are that good!

Salmon with Truffle - Mmmmmmmmm

Ceviche - flavor is perfect, served with Taro chips.

Oh yeah... & they have the best Paella i've ever had in my life. Be sure to bring a friend, or 5 if you order the Paella. its huge!!

one of my fav places in vegas!
Good food, but I wasn't blown away.  We started with the dates and calamari.  The dates were pretty tasty, but the calamari tasted like it had been warmed up in a microwave.  It was soggy and blah.  Next came the white fish ceviche, which was probably my favorite.  My only complaint was that we didn't get enough chips to go with the fish.  Finally, our entree was mariscada plate.  It came with a lobster tail, shrimp, clams, mussels, and a meringue.  The seafood was good, but the meringue was so strange.  I'm not sure if that's a normal thing to serve with tapas, but it tasted like a sponge - or insulation.  And there was so much of it!  We honestly weren't even sure what it was and asked a server, and she said she wasn't sure either.  We had to look at a menu to figure it out. 

Our waiter was great and the atmosphere was nice.  I also enjoyed the Spanish lesson in the bathroom :)
Best tapas is town. The seviche is the best. Prices are not bad. Great service and location.
I wish Julian Serrano had a restaurant in the Bay. I would be there one too many times. 

This place completely pulls you in, it speaks to you, its so inviting with its shiny decor and willowy Tim Burton-esque trees. Every single tapas was made with perfect care and tenderness, we ordered about 4-5 dishes... ceviche, scallops, something beefy on a skewer. The only thing I would've reselected would be the paella--the combination of rabbit, chicken and sausage didn't feel or taste right. Rabbit- what a weird mental picture, I only nibbled on what I thought was rabbit, tasted like chicken with less flavor, it felt so wrong yet still so wrong.

Next time, I would order their seafood paella instead. Their strong expresso shot with their hardened sugar pop made exclusively for coffee skinny dipping was a nice finishing touch, for this is what got me from here to our next destination- Haze, one level down. Boy did I need it. I was in satiety heaven.  

I love it here. I love tapas and I love Julian Serrano. Three thumbs, way way up.
Came here for a business dinner and sampled some delicious tapas. A little loud, service was pretty decent, enjoyable sangria. I was a little weirded out in the bathroom - instead of music there was a strange english/spanish lesson going on...translating what can only be described as bar language? 'yes, i would like another drink.' 'this wine is delicious.' 'where are the bathrooms?' Strange.

Some dishes worth checking out:
Fried Calamari - the most tender pieces of calamari I've ever had. Not chewy at all. Magical.

Black Rice - not overwhelmingly squid-inky/briny.

Sauteed Padron Peppers - addictive. We were popping these like edamame.

Stuffed dates - yeah, these are your basic bacon wrapped stuffed dates taken one step further. Crisp and fried.

I think we also got an oxtail dish? I have no idea what it was, but I've never had such tender meat before. Heavenly.
What a wonderful dinner experience in Las Vegas. I highly recommend this restaurant because it really offers a unique food experience while being moderately priced. Julian Serrano has a variety of options to choose from depending on the level of your appetite (tapas to full meals). I would definitely return
I was a bit disappointed with this first try of Seranno's tapas restaurant in Aria although the food was very good.  It was the service that was somewhat off.  I decided before I went to try the signature tasting menu--four courses with choices in each section.  

First course was a choice of a salad or Castilian soup.  I ordered the soup.  My server came back in a short time to tell me they no longer have that soup, and she showed me a menu from which I could choose from three different dishes.  I opted for the Lobster gazpacho.  The server then said, "You know that's cold, don't you?"  Do I look that much like a rube? (that's rhetorical!)  The gazpacho was excellent.  Great tomato flavor and there were several pieces of tasty lobster.

Course two was the creamy risotto with wild mushrooms and manchego cheese.  The risotto was very flavorful and very enjoyable!

For the third course, I chose the Crispy chicken breast roulada with sautéed potatoes, pork chorizo, and roasted red pepper.  Very tasty!

Finally, I was allowed to order anything off their dessert menu rather than choose from the two choices on the tasting menu.  I chose the molten chocolate cake, with orange jelly and blood orange sorbet.  I didn't taste any orange jelly.  The sorbet was sitting on top of some chopped mango.  The cake and the sorbet were very tasty.  It's nice they allow you to choose any dessert because they're all the same price.

As for the service, aside from the question about gazpacho mentioned above, I was enjoying the risotto and was not yet finished with it when the server brought the chicken roulada and placed it along side the risotto.  It's not like the place was crowded and they were moving the guests out quickly.  Shouldn't a server check before they bring out a dish like this?  My iced tea was not refilled until it was time to order dessert.  It should have been much sooner.  I wonder why a tapas place like this bothers with a tasting menu. 

The dinner was good but it wasn't something that caused me to think that I had to return to this restaurant.  There are too many other places.
Excellent tapas.  Great service.

Came here with my bachelorette crew of 12 and the manager offered to create us a custom menu if we just named our price.  Someone threw out $75 per person (thinking this included only food and not tax and tip) and we proceeded to receive a feast.  There were more courses than I could count (and much more than we could finish) and everything was really delicious.  We also had a few hearty pitchers of sangria to go around.  The experience was great and I would definitely recommend this place to a larger group on their trip to Vegas.
this is a solid choice in a town of over-hyped and sometimes over-priced eateries. the venue is spacious and comfortable with an open kitchen for your viewing pleasure. i love the organized menu that has a section for each type of tapa (soups/salads, nouveau style, seafood, meats, vegetarian) and a separate selection of paellas. i recommend:

*fresh calamari a la plancha - the citrusy, salty evoo pairs well with the sweetness of the caramelized onions

*albondigas - tender, flavorful pork/beef meatballs with a light tomato sauce. eat this with a spoon

*beef and cheese - another nice sweet/salty combo. the honey really kicks this dish up a notch

*grilled lamb chop - a bit pricey for 1 chop ($16) but it's perfectly seasoned and cooked

both housemade sangrias are excellent. the white is refreshing and light...a good starter. the red is bold and delicious. the service was spot-on...timing of the dishes, attentiveness and friendliness. it's always a good time when i visit.
Stopped by for a quick lunch, and I was pretty happy with it. We ordered the following tapas (the lunch menu is limited compared to the dinner tapas menu):

- Gambas: awesome sauteed shrimp, definitely get this
- Brava Potatoes: nice and spicy, recommended
- Beef and Cheese: a giant hunk of meat on a piece of bread, almost no cheese. PASS.
- Pan Machengo: pretty bland, PASS.
- Spanish Tortilla: you would expect this order to have a tortilla, but you'd be WRONG. It is actually more like a quiche. If we had known that, we would not have ordered it.
- Stuffed piquollo peppers: my colleague ordered this and said it was very good.

Service was very good and attentive without being overbearing. I ordered a glass of sangria and it was unusual because it didn't really have any fruit in it. On the other hand, it was very strong which might be good for you if you're in Vegas.

I would definitely go back to Julian Serrano, but I would probably try the dinner menu instead because they have more options.
My wife and I ate at Julian Serrano's on 6/18/12. This was a top notch dining experience. They have an extensive wine list. We asked the Sommelier for guidance with a Spanish wine that would resemble an Oregon Pinot. She did a perfect job. We had several Tapas that were delicious. We shared the Mixed Paella and what a treat. For dessert we had the molten lava chocolate also very good. My wife ordered the Absinthe and they brought over a contraption that serves the Absinthe with sugared water. Totally cool and my wife enjoyed it very much. Julian Serrano is one of the better food experiences I have had. Definitely not cheap, but well worth it. My wife and I felt completey perfect after our meal.
Ohhh, Julian Serrano, how we love thee! My family and I had never been too partial to tapas, but Mr. Serrano has forever ingrained his delectable recipes into our "Vegas Hall of Fame."
But, really. JS is one of our favorite lunch options in Vegas and for good reason! We have been here twice and both times have cemented themselves into my mind, directly wiring themselves in my brain to the drooling mechanism....
Okay, enough with the gushing, let's get down to business: 

Ambiance/Appearance:

This is one heck of a dazzling restaurant inside of Aria. JS is delightfully colorful and has a welcoming yet upscale ambiance mood in the air. The hostess/seating staff is friendly and we've never had to wait to be seated, even on a weekend. The seating is comfy and, if in view of the bar area, you can catch up on your favorite sporting game/ESPN. I usually don't mention bathrooms in my reviews..but they have nifty Spanish lessons on the speakers while you do your business. 
...Soooo multicultural. 

Service:
Service has always been 4.5 stars. Only complaint is that water refills can be a bit delayed..and I drink a lot of water. No worries, though! This minor drawback is overshadowed by the knowledgeable waitstaff and accommodating manager (later on). 

FOOOOOD:

Julian Serrano has such a wide array of Spanish tapas, it can almost be a bit daunting when you first open the menu. The prices are extremely reasonable for Las Vegas, no less for such a fabulous restaurant. We have had our fair share of tapas, and I seem to remember the following (** designating favorites): 

**--Ahi Tuna Tempura: Fresh Ahi with just the slightest tempura crusting..not this thick coating that other places are enamored with that overpowers the tuna flavor. I want to say there are approximately 3 or 4 decently sized pieces. Great for a table of four! 

--Bunuelos de Bacalao: Essentially fried cod, but this fried cod was pretty tasty. It came with a nice potato puree that complimented the Atlantic cod quite nicely. If I had to pick between this and the tuna, though, I pick the Ahi Tuna every time. 

--Papas Bravas: Good potatoes, but I actually found this dish very boring. I wouldn't order it again. 

--Huevos Estrellados: Uses the above potatoes, but has Spanish chorizo and fried, runny egg mixed throughout to create an interesting, homogeneous mixture of egg, salty chorizo, and the potatoes. My dad LOVES this dish, but I found it semi-average, mostly because I don't like runny eggs! If you're a fan of that, then this dish is right up your alley. 

**--Stuffed Piquillo Peppers: OMG. I don't like pulling out the "OMG" card very often...but... OMG. These are so amazing. Maybe because I'm such a sucker for good goat cheese...and this has excellent goat cheese stuffed within the sliced peppers. I had never had a piquillo pepper before, and I'm kicking myself for wasting so many years not stuffing my face with these lovely red peppers. So delicious! 

**--Creamy Risotto: Consisting of wild mushrooms and aged manchego, mmmm. My mom orders this each time and I make sure to get my fair share. The manchego makes this item as good as it is. 

--Chicken Croquetas: Fried in the same way as a lightly breaded cheese stick (the only analogy I can think of). The base inside is a creamy Bechamel sauce. I can't remember too much about these otherwise. Still good! Give these a shot. 

**--Beef & Cheese: GETTT THISSSS. This may sound like the most unappetizing, boring name for a dish EVER; however, this is perhaps my favorite item we get each time. This was some of the most tender steak I've had in my years (and I've eaten at my fair share of steakhouses-- take a look at my review for SW Steakhouse at Wynn for my feelings about that!). 

--Pintxo de Chorizos: The pork was too tough for our liking...maybe we just caught them on a bad day. Skip this one unless you're a huge fan of marinated pork chorizo. We let our waiter know that we weren't big fans of this, and he took it away, and the manager came over and took it off the bill and apologized profusely. No worries, Neil Patrick Harris twin! (Seriously. This guy is a carbon copy of NPH). 


DESSERTS:
(~View my picture uploads for a peek at these desserts)

**--Churros: Served with a spicy chocolate sauce. Delicious churros. Being from the Southwest, I was a bit skeptical to try these...but my family loves Julian's take on churros! Crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Give these teardrop-shaped, fried pastries a try. 

--Flan: Creamy and over too liquid-y like some can be. Had a delicious fruit ensemble atop the flan with most berries. 

--Bunuelos: Pretty much like beignet donuts. We also enjoy these. Served with a butterscotch type of sauce...mm. I still prefer the churros, though! 

TIP: This place can get packed on weekend dinners. Call during the day for reservations. 

Bottom line: I can't wait to go back to get my tapas fix.
We stopped here two day's in a row.   Diane loved it!  One of the reason's I love Tapas Style dining is that allows people to try new things without feeling intimidated. We sat the bar, had a few drinks and tried a bunch of different treats. Since they were small and we were sharing, Diane had no problem trying dishes she would never have ordered on her own. We tried things with "Molecular" Mozzarella and Pineapple as well as, Pork Belly and Habenero Peppers. Diane enjoyed things so much, she suggested our return trip, which I gladly agreed to. Our Bartenders and Servers were fantastic, especially Primo, who kept us fed, lubricated and entertained for several hours!


EDIT
Just to clarify, The Bar itself is still not wheelchair accessible, but I adapted the situation by using an adjacent chair as my "table".
Julian Serrano, where have you been all my life? Recently had a ladies weekend in Vegas and a friend made reservations at this amazing restaurant in the Aria. We were all starving after a day at the spa and begged the waiter to bring plates out as they were ready. They were bringing plates out in what felt like seconds. And everything was amazing, but the highlights for me were the coca vegetarian, the stuffed piquillo peppers, and the churros. (Good number of items for vegetarians, by the way.) My mouth is watering now. Back to Vegas. Must go back to Vegas.
First off, I must say the food, sangria and service were all very good and high quality. But I only give it 3 stars because I feel the prices really are too high for the portions, despite the quality. 
6 of us had dinner here last night, with 2 pitchers of sangria and dessert, and the bill was about $435 with tip. We were comfortably fed, but frankly I could have continued eating. I would come again, but probably not for full dinner.

We had reservations and were seated right away, near the front open area, which was fine with us. There were open tables in back, we probably could have requested to be seated in a more private area if we wanted. Servers were attentive, made good recommendations when requested, explained each dish well, and kept our glasses full of both water and sangria. 

We had (multiples of many for a table of 6):

1 pitcher each, red and white sangria (both delicious! best I've ever had)
*White Ceviche (great texture, lots of lime flavor, good portion size)
*Seared Scallop (again, great texture, like butter, perfectly cooked, smallish portion, 1 scallop)
*Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (a favorite of the night! ordered a second round, 2 peppers per plate)
*Creamy Risotto (another best of the night! perfect texture and flavor, moderate portion size)
Beef & Cheese (simple name for a tasty dish, good quality, cooked and seasoned well, not super spectacular though, moderate portion size)
Tuna Sashimi Cones (great quality, well balanced flavors, but not something I'll crave on its own, 3 cones per plate)
Fried Calamari (very good but pretty basic recipe, nothing I can't get elsewhere, moderate portion size)
Brava Potatoes (crunchy outside, soft inside, tasty sauce, but still just potatoes, good portion size)
Spanish Tortilla (misnomer - this is not a tortilla, more like a potato layered quiche. tasty but nothing special - needed more salt, moderate portion size)

And for dessert we had the Churros and Spicy Chocolate sauce. I was a little disappointed with this dish after the rave reviews on Yelp. It was good, but I would have preferred more cinnamon on the churro, and it was a little too crunchy, in my opinion. 

Overall, it was a very good meal. I probably won't go back for dinner due to "price to fullness" ratio, but I would go for a splurge on drinks with appetizers. I would highly recommend the Sangria, and I marked the dishes with a * that I would definitely order again.

Many reviews have compared this to Firefly, and I would absolutely rate Julian's higher on quality and class, but maybe not quite worth the price jump for smaller portions. That's just my opinion and I'm sure others will disagree.
As reticent as I am to dole out five stars, I've got to say: Julian Serrano at the Aria is truly a five star experience. The quality of food in comparison to the price, combined with atmosphere, make this a great Strip restaurant. 

While Julian Serrrano lacks the great location (not a high floor, no views or windows) of other highly-touted celebrity chef restaurants in the Strip, it certainly does not suffer from subpar decor or ambience. Tables are spaced nicely apart, chairs are large and comfy, and the tables are big enough to promote tapas-style dining of multiple small plates shared amongst a group of people. 

Having had the real deal in Spain, I found that Julian Serrano stayed close enough to the real deal to pay proper homage to the tapas' heritage while still playing up to the level and diversity of palates you'll find on the strip. 

The pan tomate didn't shy away from liberal use of garlic, as most Americanized Spanish restaurants would. And the mixed olive plate was done in a decidedly citrusy brine with young, powerful green olives that offered great character and in-your-face brightness. 

The mushroom risotto was spot on, the arborio rice cooked to leave the perfect amount of tooth still on the grains (the pasta equivalent of al dente). We also very much enjoyed the truffled salmon, cheese plate and Spanish 'pizetttas'. 

Service throughout the evening was pretty impeccable: well-spaced, attentive, but not intrusive. What I also liked is that with the restaurant not garnering some of the popularity as other A-list chefs on the strip, Julian Serrano is neither too crowded or loud. It's all just right, and makes for a great experience.
Good as usual.  Wicked sangria both red and white.  Tried the paella this time.  The Mix Paella.  Awesome.  Good flavor, more traditional than most recipes.  Gambas were amazing.  Tuna raspberry skewer, pineapple lobster skewer, and the huevos estrellados are amazing.  The menu reads easy, and I'm sure everything is good.  Trust what you order if you are a spanish food beginner.  It will turn out good.
We went here on our last day visiting Vegas because I was craving a Cheese Plate. they did not have one on the lunch menu but they were accommodating and made me the one off the dinner menu I also got the meat plate both were very good. I would come back again.
I was reluctant to believe the reviewer who reported food poisoning, and so we eagerly ate at Julian Serrano. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner -- the food was great and so was the service. Then I got sick the next day. And 3 days later, I'm still not able to enjoy eating. As good as that may be for my waistline, it's a pretty serious indictment of the food storage and prep at this restaurant. The food may be wonderful, but if it makes me sick, I'll never visit again.
This was the restaurant my friends and I chose to reacquaint ourselves after several months of not seeing each other. We were dressed up and ready to take on Vegas. This was also the place I opened the menu, scanned the dishes listed, and exclaimed, "I'm too drunk to read the menu!!" 

All I remember was the food was great, the decor was fantastic, and the prices weren't too bad. I distinctly remember eating a bowl of mussels that were so juicy and flavorful. Even though it was tapas, meant to split between a group of people, there still wasn't that much to go around. Luckily, my friends compensated for my lack of decision making and ordered enough to make all of us full.
Yes, Yes every time Yes!  The food has always been delicious, delightful little morsels of yumminess.  Service has always been wonderful and attentive.  Eager to offer guidance on what to order/how much to order.    My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, the ceviche, and the mushroom risotto (FYI - I don't even like mushrooms).   I am giving four stars rather than five because I don't feel that they have perfected their paella yet.  It is a little too smoky/burnt in flavor for my palette.  Also, their sangria is just ok.  But - they have a full bar so imbibe in just about anything else and the dinner will still be amazing.   

So all in all, great great place to enjoy a great meal.
I came here for an early dinner tonight to enjoy the tapas.  For a resort hotel the food was very good. But overall, I found the food close to great but just not there. 

The risotto was full of flavor, but a bit too al dente and firm. It should have been a little soupy but the sauce was thick. 

The black rice was prepared the same. Full of flavor with lots of color and contrast and the squid was cooked perfect. But again, I found the rice a bit too firm for my liking. 

Lastly I ordered the monkfish. Cooked crispy, but a touch over seasoned with salt. The veggies underneath and the flavored oils were delicious. 

Service was a bit inattentive and I came early and it wasn't crowded. There's lots of intriguing dishes on the menu, but I'm not sure if I'd make this a dining destination.
Most disappointing dinner I have had in a long time. We got 4 Tapas and none were great. Skirt Steak was bland. Ahi Tuna was not so fresh. And the dates were tiny. I'd rate this place a must miss.
Came here on a Saturday night in July for a bachelorette party. Groups of 9 girls can be challenging...but not for Julian Serrano. We arranged for a set menu with Sangria ahead of time and were pleasantly surprised to have personalized menus and an amazing table upon arrival. The entire staff treated us like VIPS and the food was absolutely wonderful. It was a great experience an I know we are all looking forward to going back!
Checked this place out for dinner tonight and was very impressed.  I saw they offered an early dinner special on their website, but had to ask for that menu when I was seated.  The decor is very nice, the service was nice and the food was excellent.  I thoroughly enjoyed the chicken croquettes, the pork chop and the rice pudding - everything was seriously good!
Gaspacho - very good, beet soup with goat cheese - mmmmmmmm I can still taste it, Vegas at it's finest!
Love this place, have been multiple times.  I have had hit and miss with the servers but overall it is great.  Very expensive but worth it as I have had lots of tapas.  The chicken croquets are by far the best and I could eat a dozen.  The steak is great and I always over eat when I have their tapas.  The sangria is good and even when I was pregnant and ordered non alcoholic sangria (which usually isn't very good) was amazing :)

Will return for sure
Way too expensive. 

The food was great but wow was it overpriced. $44 for a pitcher of sangria! There's just way too much good food in Vegas to spend lots of money and leave hungry. Won't be coming back.
The white ceviche was epic. Only $11 too! My girlfriend and I stopped by here because we were craving ceviche. This seemed like the only place on the strip that had ceviche!
This was such a disappointment that two stars is being very generous.  We ate at an amazing tapas restaurant the night before and loved it so much that we decided to try this one based on a recommendation from another couple who had eaten here a few years ago.  We ordered the Sangria which the waitress told us they were noted for yet didn't even have fruit in it.  We ordered the steak sliders which were basically steak with what tasted like mayonnaise on it and they gave you only two sliders and they were extremely small (not to mention pricey).  We had the stuffed dates (again, the portions were so small , three dates and were nothing special , paling to the same dishes we ate at the Tapas Bar the previous night.  We did have one more dish, black rice risotto and this was palatable but nothing special. Food was cold and the water tasted like dish water so we had to order bottle water.  It gets better!  The waitress asked us if we enjoyed our meal so we  told her our opinion and mentioned thatnwe have never been in a restaurant where they didn't put bread or something on the table.  Her response was that they do OFFER bread and stuffed olives but you have to ASK for it.  Well, NOONE OFFERED so how would one know    My recommendation is this place is an over priced tourist trap with substandard service and food.  Julian Serrano should be ashamed of himself  If you want great Tapas and great service for less money, go to FIREFLY!
Very expensive but I do believe that you get what you pay for so this restaurant certainly did a good job on the quality of the dishes and service. We came late on a monday night and the restaurant is about 3/4 full, waited about 5 minutes for a table. we ordered the following:

Tuna Cones: ahi tuna filled inside won ton, very very good! 

white ceviche: white fish, goes great with the chips

pan tomate: toasted bread with fresh garlic tomato sauce very good!

traditional spanish chicken croquetas |

grilled angus flat iron steak 

grilled lamb chop

lobster saffron

marinera PAELLAS, the best I ever had outside spain! they say the portion is for 2 ppl but I think it is more than enough for 4 ppl!


Overall a great dinning experience here and will come back when I win big at the casinos!
I stopped in for a late lunch and sat at the bar. The wait staff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. I dig paella, but all the paella dishes were for 2 so I got a shrimp tapas dish and the seafood rice. The shrimp was good, a little spice in it and nice and fresh. The rice turned out to be basically paella for one and was a good size for lunch. Would love to go back for dinner again.
The owner is very friendly! I even got to take a picture with him.

Honestly, when my bf brought me here. I thought I wouldn't like it because I like to eat in big portion...Shockingly, their papas, lamb chops and chicken (i forgot what it was I remember it was a chicken) filled me..Expensive but tasty!!! Will definitely come back for the lamb chops!
The best thing about this restaurant is the service. However, the food was nothing special.  For the prices, the food should definitely be special.  If you are looking for unique food, you might be impressed.  The menu encourages a sort of dim sum style dining.  If you pick a few different things from the menu, your group can try a few different menu items.  The food was just okay.  I do  not believe it was good enough to charge the prices they charge.  I don't think I will dine there again.  No one in our group was impressed.
I've never had anything I didn't like from Julian Serrano. The paella, gambas, croquetas, beef and cheese, stuffed peppers, stuffed dates, churros with spicy chocolate dip and the chocolate cake with mango gelato. Great location, great service and great atmosphere. I keep coming back for more.
LOD 10

Been here a couple times after the pool.  Great spot to order n eat Tapas.

Everything we ordered was good - the stand out was a chicken dish that we had to double up on.
First time tapas experience for us both.

Great tasting items we ordered but I don't think I will eat here again. For the price we paid, I was still hungry after.

We ordered:
Beef & Cheese - was ok. 
Ahi tuna - not a fan of raw tuna, ever. but bf liked it.
Risotto - pretty tasty even though I don't like mushrooms.
Chicken Croquettas - wished it was all chicken.
Gambas - the BEST dish, so good!
Scallops - great!

Maybe if we had a resort credit offer again. Maybe.
So i'll finally write my review... after having dined here twice (once for lunch & the other for dinner on 2 separate vegas trip) this place was still A-OK to me. Firefly definitely beats this tapa's place.  i wish there be more tapas places on the strip tho! 

Ambiance was nice, a nice variety of dishes to select from, and service was perfect. It's a great place to share small bites but do keep in mind it ain't that cheap to dine here. 

But what ordered was all ehhh A-OK, only one dished stood out for us & we really liked was the Lobster Saffron.  The others listed below was mehhh A-OK from our dinner:

- Creamy Risotto:  very flavorful but the rice was a tad bit undercooked for our taste. 
  The manchego cheese was definitely a nice touch.
- Monkfish & Pisto: - seared monkfish, eggplant, zucchini, tomato was all very light 
   tasting but not an amazing dish
- Beef & Cheese: prime tenderloin, cheese, honey, walnuts. we didn't even taste
   much of the cheese in this dish but the meat was definitely tender. flavor was ok
- Santiago's cake: a pretty disappointing dessert. we should have gotten the
   buñuelos :P

This place could do if I need my tapas fix but we'll see if i'll shall return or not~
Absolutely amazing.  A girlfriend and I went here for dinner and were very impressed.  We ordered the mushroom risotto, spicy potatoes, oxtail, and colorado lamb.  The oxtail was to die for, I could have ordered seven.  The sangria had that slight hint of strawberry and cinnamon and was absolutely delicious.  We regretfully did not order the paella, but the couple next to us did and it looked stunning.  I will absolutely come back here every time I'm in vegas.
Stopped in for a quick bite at the bar before a poker tournament and was impressed with the food and presentation.  All I had was a Spanish meat sandwich, but the flavors were outstanding, particularly in the side shot of fruit gazpacho.   

I would love to return for a larger meal.
Came here for a quick dinner during my recent stay at the Aria. Hostess was very accommodating and our server was a very nice/honest guy. First off, very impressed with the decor. We ordered: Pan Manchego, padron peppers, avocado cannelloni, tuna cones, huevos estrellados, steamed mussels..I think that's it. Everything was pretty good, could've passed on the tuna cones though. However, the Pan Manchego was out of this world, simply AMAZING! I wish I had just ordered like 8 rounds of that instead of everything else. A close second was easily the steamed mussels because the broth was so good that you could literally just drink it, also it was pretty good portion/size. Would definitely reommend the huevos estrellados but might be a little heavy for some.
Julian Serrano is wonderful. We sat at the bar and our bartender Jason rocks! Everything we ordered (5 Tapas dishes) was fresh and wonderful. I wish I had more room, but it was so yummy!
After the drive to Vegas, we arrived just in time for our 8pm dinner reservations.  We had good service and lots of great dishes.

Mr R kept throwing around the word "incredible" but they were all for dishes/drinks that I don't eat.  He loved the White Ceviche and said it was the best dish of the night...I didn't try it, so I can't compare. He also loved his glass of the red sangria.

For the rest of the dishes, we shared:

Pan Manchego - bread, tomatoes, and manchego, its so simple and I can't figure out why its so amazing!

Spanish Iberico Sliders - pretty good, but nothing amazing. It tasted all beef, no pork?

Apple and Manchego Salad - I'm a sucker for apples and manchego and this was a great salad.

Marcona Almonds - I love marcona almonds although they were a bit oily. They were very good and a huge portion ... I wondered if it would be awkward if I snuck out my leftovers in a ziploc bag!

For dessert we shared the Bunuelos which were hot, sugary donuts. The Butterscotch dipping sauce was amazing - we loved the dessert. 

I was a very good dinner and we were very happy we tried it, but if I'm wanting tapas in Vegas, I prefer Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan.  Many similar dishes, but Jaleo is just better.
So Fantastic!  One of our best stops in Vegas!

Great Staff, awesome service.  Each plate was better than the next!  We even ordered items twice!  The risotto was amazing and I still think about it!  Yes, I know that sounds weird but its true.

Thank you for an incredible experience!
One word to describe this place amazing!!! Loved the atmosphere and the Staff was excellent! Loved the modern design and warm palette decor of Julian Serrano. I was amazed by the beautiful restrooms, which were covered from floor to ceiling with shimmering mosaic tiles and they even had Spanish lessons playing on the speakers (I had never seen or heard of restrooms with lessons). 

The food was amazing as well. Our servers were very helpful and answer all our questions that we had about Tapas. First time having Tapas so we had a lot of questions. We were very happy with their suggestions. At first I didn't' think these small plates were going to fill me up but I was wrong. My favorites included: 

             -Red Sangria: this drink was so refreshing.

             - White Ceviche:  this dish was so yummy! I usually not a big fan of Ceviche but this one was so tasty. I loved the lime taste.

             - Papas Bravas: I loved them so much!!! YUMMY!!!

             -Creamy Risotto: this was so good and tasty. I LOVE mushrooms and this was a perfect with manchego.

             -Chicken Croquetas: this was yummy and I enjoyed them.

             -Gambas: very good and flavorful shrimps with garlic and arbol chilies.

I loved this place and can't wait to come back!!!!
excellent food.
Wow, what a great restaurant.  After nine dishes 8 of the 9 were 5 star!  All dishes were very flavorful and plentiful for several people.  The black Cherry martini was also a hit.  The food came out promptly and the French waiter with red hair was pleasant.  Be prepared to spend a little but well worth it.
We love small plate restaurants and Julian Serrano hit the spot. I would highly recommend that you don't miss the risotto, scallops, and the churros for dessert. The chocolate/pepper dipping sauce with the churros is fantastic.

I thought the ceviche was really bland and the lobster saffron while good, it's not really worth the price. Many well grilled tiger prawns could top this dish.
Gorgeous design and luscious tapas make this a sexy spot to dine. We wandered into the Aria just to check out the hotel architecture and design but were quickly seduced by the lush look and feel of Julian Serrano. We weren't even hungry! 

The bright earthy colors, barren black trees that are interwoven throughout the dining area and the delicious smell of tapas were a wonder to take in. I sampled 2 tapas including a salmon and a spinach dish. Everything was yummy. The staff was very attentive. The restrooms were even aesthetically compelling as they were drenched in colorful mosaic tiles. Spanish audio lessons were playing in the bathroom (kinda weird...but who am I to resist an educational opportunity?) 

I highly recommend Julian Serrano for a sophisticated dining experience.
Definitely a big split for me between the service and the food, but man, the food was good:

Red sangria - Strong but well-balanced, not too sweet. 

Sauteed padron peppers - This is a big plate, better suited for four; between the two of us, we each had over a dozen peppers. Beware: the heat is cumulative, so you may be a few peppers in before your boca goes en fuego. 

Tuna cones - Least successful; Spago kills it with their tuna cones, though the tuna itself was good.

Octopus - As noted, the softest octopus out there, tastes great.

Black rice w/fresh calamari, lobster tail, sofrito, squid ink - Definitely the best dish, just orgasmically good and a must-order if you go. Also, since it's a rice dish, it has some nice, anchoring heft for your tapas meal.

Bunelos - We are not ashamed to say that we fully dipped each doughnut in the caramel sauce before consuming, and then we finished off what was left of the sauce on its own with our spoons. Gluttontastic!

Okay, so the service. Our reservation got us the worst table in an otherwise beautiful restaurant: right next to the service station, where servers zipped behind each of our chairs, even kicking the chairs a few times, with no apologies. Rather than attempt to guide us toward a complementary tapas offering, the servers (we had a couple) were more intent on getting the order and getting out. I really would have appreciated them noting, for instance, that the peppers were a pretty big order for two, or that there were three tuna cones for the two of us. There's nothing wrong with being efficient, and I can't knock them for being inattentive, but I felt set aside enough between the poor seating and curt service to pull the four-star meal into a three-star rating for the experience. I liked the food enough to want to return and hope for better service next time, though I'll probably give Jaleo a shot first.
Classy, great service!  Fun atmosphere.  Lots of interesting choices on the menu.  Our waiter gave us some good tips.  
the sangria was delicious and my husband said it was one of the best martinis he's ever had.
Good food but much smaller portions than any other tapas restaurant I've ever been to. So if you're  starving be prepared to order and spend lots. Our waiter Ernest was great too.
Heavenly tapas!

I just adore tapas and was excited to try this place for lunch, also recommended by my boss who had eaten here on a previous business meeting.  I wish I could tell you what tapas we had but we ended up just telling the waiter to bring whatever he recommends.  All were delicious but my favorite tapas was a shrimp dish with saffron, see pics.  It was yummerz!!  I also had their chorizo sandwich which came with a salad and I think a gazpacho shot.  The sandwich was dreamy, goat cheese on top giving it the perfect balance of flavors and textures. I would love to try their dinner which I was told has like a 100 tapas to choose from.
Went there last Sunday night while in Vegas... Food was ok, server was very nice.  

White Sangria - Ok

Fried Calamari - good

Octopus - did not like the potato cake underneath, but the octopus was good.

Mixed Paella - ok but extremely greasy.

Food was just OK, service was OK...  For the money we spent, we could have found better.   

** Note - I may have been bias since we went to Le Cirque the night before... there is a huge difference between food/service when dinner is $500.00 v $125.00.  BUT I have had better tapas and paella at Tapas Papas Fritas in Scottsdale.
We had a reservation that I had made through the "M Life" card program online, prior to our trip to Vegas, for a late dinner on Wednesday night, since we had a show first. 
 I was looking forward to the vegan paella dish, that was what got my attention on their website menu. For $40, I expected it to be fantastic, and it didn't let me down. Hubby and I shared it and we polished it off. It came in a large pan with some spoons to serve ourselves onto our plates. It made for a lovely presentation, i have to say, and it was plenty of food for the two of us. We also had just one tapas to start our meal, the spinach with apple, pine nuts and garlic? It was tasty. I would have liked to try some of the other tapas too, but with the paella coming, we wanted to not stuff ourselves till we burst. 

       The decor is contemporary, the black trees in front were interesting, and I had a view of the back where they have lots of crystal vases and such on shelves. I don't know why they chose to go with that theme of glass decor, but it was classy. Our waiter was a nice guy who answered my questions patiently. The paella didn't take more than maybe 20 - 25 minutes to come out of the kitchen, which he told us would be less time than the other types, which the menu says take 45 minutes, I think. 
We didn't have sangria or any other liquor, since i can not currently. 

       I hesitate to say.that we did have an issue with a hostess whom greeted us. 
She came off as rude when she couldn't find out reservation, and asked if we booked for that night, and then said to me rather snobbily, "this is SPANISH TAPAS". 
I wish I had replied with "Yes, and I was aware of that when I booked dinner here". 
Instead, she then seemed to find it and nodded to the other hostess, without any apology for her attitude. The second hostess then walked us to a table, and cheerfully chatted me up about our vacation so far. She was very sweet but was clearly also overcompensating for #1's rudeness. Sigh. After we finished with the paella, my hubby decided to tell the waiter about her, and asked to speak with the manager. He came over and listened then said he will take some things off the bill...so he came back and hubby tells me that he took the PAELLA off, as well as my ice tea. I was shocked, that was pretty cool of him to give us our $40 entree. 
 So then hubby was very happy, and I won't comment on my emotional state at the time. Maybe we will go  back in the future for lunch, not sure right now.


    After thought:  I was going to order the spanish donuts for dessert, but there was a long pause after I was given the menu for that, so I decided to forget it. I went to the patisserie instead, and had a fun cupcake, thus ruining my vegan diet.
I really enjoyed the tapas here.  The prices were not too over the top and the dishes I had were delicious and some had a really nice presentation.  I'm not sure how authentic the tapas are but they taste great and the beef based tapas I had were cooked perfectly and not dry.  The only downside was the fried calamari which was rubbery and a little bland.
I've had tapas all over including from Spain and I love my tapas. 

Serrano does a very nice job with service, decor, and ambience. No qualms there.

Their menu is average. They have your typicals like cheese plate, meat plate, patatas bravas, and Spanish tortilla and paellas. There are a few interesting tapas. But nothing that truly jumps at you. However, the tapas we tried were very tasty. I thought the Spanish tortilla was one of the best I've had even compared to Spain. The paellas were also one of the best I have had. We tried there mixed paella and the angel hair one. Both were excellent. 

The price is the main problem. It is completely over priced. It is literally double the price you'd pay normally in the USA and quadruple what you pay in Spain. Although the food is tasty, it's not THAT tasty to make it worth it. 

The alcohol menu is extensive but also completely overpriced. For instance, a bottle of bud light costs $6.50. We did order the sangria for $44 and it was a very good sangria. I'm just not quite sure it's worth it though. Maybe every once in a while?
Tapas are all about quality over quantity and Julian Serrano gets it right. There was so many items on the menu that I wanted to try but a girl can only eat so much! My friends and I shared the following: 

Tuna cones: So beautiful to look at I almost didn't want to eat it. The tuna was as fresh as can be. I was not a fan of the actual cone itself. It was a little excessive in my opinion and I would of much rather had it just wrapped in cucumber. 

Lamb: The meat was tender and overall delicious 

Steak and cheese: just mediocre 

Risotto: creamy and cooked al dente 

Cheese platter: 3 types of cheese along with honey, and fig. unlimited toast 

Drinks were on the strong side but at least you get your money's worth 

Overall, I loved our meal. The service was a bit disappointing though.
A blindingly long list of Tapas, from salads brimming with chunks of lobster to fresh meats and seafoods and desserts.  Very open air seating that lets in all the noise of the casino.  Good food, prompt service - not the kind of low-lights and cozy spaces your used to in a Tapas house.  More like shopping mall tapas, although with the Vegas glitz, glitter and chrome, of course.  Best value is probably the steamed mussels - a giant bowl of superbly steamed and flavored bivalves for just nine bucks.

Good for a quick bite between games in the Casino, or a decent business lunch if you're in a hurry.
Bartenders were awesome, especially Jeff. Made the best drink which I can't remember the name now but boy was it good. Food was just okay for the high price. Lobster gazpacho was refreshing with it's tiny bit of lobster. Shrimp gambas had a high dose of garlic and was swimming in butter.

Not sure if I'd spend my calories here since there's so many great restaurants in Vegas.
i totally agree with anthony n. 
the menu sounds promising but the food is definitely not good.

huevos estrellados* | fried potatoes | eggs | imported spanish pork chorizo 10
salty. everything with chorizo was super salty.

mixed seafood ceviche* | shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice 14 
one of the better dishes. i liked it because it was very tangy.

tuna cones* | ahi tartare | cucumber | crispy won ton | avocado | ponzu 14
too much mayo. others seemed to have liked it though.

seared scallop* | romesco sauce 12
wasn't salty surprisingly.  it wasn't over cooked either.  it was slightly raw in the center, just how i like it.

black rice | fresh calamari | lobster meat | sofrito | squid ink 12
salty.....
lobster saffron | half lobster tail | saffron oil | iberian pork | creamy potatoes | asparagus 14
unmemorable.  

roasted red peppers | fresh garlic | sherry vinaigrette | e.v.o.o. 10
didn't try. but some people seemed to have enjoyed it.

traditional spanish chicken croquetas | chicken | béchamel 12
flavorless.

stuffed dates | medjol dates | goat cheese | crispy pancetta | tomato marmalade 12
too mushy.  all the flavors seemed mushed together. 

creamy risotto | wild mushroom | aged manchego cheese 10
salty. do you see a pattern? 

mixed paella | lobster | mussels | chicken | spanish pork chorizo | vegetables | saffron rice 50
wayyyy tooo salty.

black pig pintxo* | iberian pork shoulder meat | caramelized onion 18
tough meat. everything else was unmemorable.

churros
fried spanish pastries | spicy hot chocolate $8
super greasy and tasteless.

pistachio tart 
almost like a pizookie.  it was ok.

surprisingly, it gets packed and people were waiting out the door. if i had to wait, i would've been super angry that i had to wait for mediocre food.  luckily, our reservation was at 6:30 and it was empty.
aria interior with access from lobby...spanish tapas 'n' paella...small plates or small bites...sangria pitchers tasty...requesting a tasting and restaurant deciding...tuna tartare seasoned light and well in individual crunchy cones..feeling a little gimmicky for $twenty-eight for six cones...goat cheese and sweet dates lovely snack throughout dinner...seared scallops tasteful, but wanted whole mouthful...avoid small or chopped....creamy cheesy risotto delicious and earthy...brava potatoes great bites with aioli saucing...chicken croquettes crunchy and fried...small bites and spoonfuls for six individuals...finding good, but nothing spectacular for pricing...tasting for $fifty-three per person tapas dinner...
OH-EM-GEE. This restaurant has made such an impression on my taste buds! I had mostly everything the table ordered, but I have to say the Lobster Gazpacho was divine, as was the Ceviche mixto and the Paella mixta. Red and White sangrias were delicious. What a treat to have been able to dine at this place while staying at the Aria Hotel Resort & Casino. 

I have every intention of going back there!
tapas restaurant inside of Aria.  I LOVE this place.  I have been there twice now and each time, I continue to enjoy it.  Great service and very tasty tapas, like ones you would find in Spain.  My favorites have continued to be the octopus, squid, which is grilled to perfection, patatas bravas (cube-shaped fries with a tasty and spiced pimenton/paprika-like sauce), and grilled flat-iron steak (so moist and juicy!).  They have really good and decently-strong red sangria, and if you are a fan of fruity drinks, their white sangria is nice too.  Feel free to ask for a sample... they do give them out.  Again, great service.  Really enjoyed Daniel!
As always, the best ceviche in town. The papas with spicy tomato sauce were great. The service, amazing. It was 11pm and this placed was packed. We will be back.
Oil.

I came here with my lady friend's family for her father's 60th birthday. I am the only person of the group that would have given the restaurant this rating. Everyone else was not loving it ... but I was. I'm a white guy. They're a Korean-American family. I feel this is important to note, in that it might not make sense otherwise if i told you that umma (that's Mom, gringo) unhappily commented that she wished we had just gone and had some sushi or Korean food across the street. The street was the Strip, so I'm not exactly sure what she had in mind, but that's not the point, dummo.

The point was that she was not happy with the food. It contained a lot of the first word in this review. She likes lighter food. So does the rest of the family.

But, me? I'm a fatso. I love the first word in this review. I would eat an entire meal covered in the first word in this review, every day of the week, every week of the year, every everyness of every everytime. So, I liked it.

The bathroom had some learn-how-to-speak-Spanish-audio-book thing playing. I always like places that do that. Learning and leaking. A fantastic combo to help you maintain the yin and the yang. Coming and going. Going and learning. Muy bien.
Tapas great, paella salty.  Never had it before thought it would be good here,  tapas were tasty especially the mushroom risotto ,  oxtail was tender ,  potatoes yummy,  garlic chicken was good but I ate a clove of garlic by mistake vampires beware.  However, the paella was way too salty.  And the service for a restaurant in the Aria was only so so.  Service was alot better in cafe in the Aria
Love this place, stayed at aria in June went here for dinner 2 nights and went back to Vegas this weekend and had to take my boyfriend there! Love the brava potatoes and the beef & cheese . Sangria on the other hand was not our favorite.
What a well run restaurant. I went here the last two night in a row it was so good. I think this is my top 5 favorites now.   The food and service were outstanding.  I love tapas style because you get to try so many more favors, and these dishes were all full of them. Don't leave without ordering the foie gras, spectacular.  Over two nights I tried 6 or 7 dishes, everyone spectacular.  The seared scallop was better then the crudo one though.  The presentation and attention to detail was magnificent. How they maintain these high standards In a busy restaurant with such quick service is a testament to the management here, they really are doing a great job.  While not cheap, there are so many worse ways to spend your money in this town.  I could eat here every night for the rest of my life and be happy.   This really is a don't miss destination. Also, the servers were super friendly, and the restaurant was very well staffed. I would go here for a third night if I didn't have a reservation elsewhere. I'll be back.
Love this place the red sangria is amazing!! the lamb chops are even more amazing!!! omg im craving it now!! Love you Julian Serrano!!
Pros: The food was delicious, the drinks were well made. The potatoes and "pizza" were really good.
Cons: it was freezing the entire time. We told our waiter who really didn't care. It was 55 degrees outside and since the restaurant is near the door leading outside, a ton of cold air gets to the restaurant with really very little heating. This ruined the overall experience. I also wish the customer service was better. For being a relatively expensive restaurant, I expected better service.

Overall: the food is great but our overall experience wasn't as  great given poor service and cold temperature.

Recommendation: avoid this restaurant as there are a ton of better places in the area.
I love the atmosphere of Julian Serrano, it fits perfectly with the Aria. Our favorite dishes were the Gambas a la Plancha and the mixed paella.
Excellent food. Great service. Fine wine.
The food was excellent but it was very expensive for the portion sizes. For three of us at lunch, the bill before tip was $105 & we didn't even have drinks. Service was good too but again I can't justify the price.
Here is my breakdown and why-

Food: 3/5
Atmosphere: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Would I return?  Yes

Food:
Although the selection of Tapas seems broad, the majority offer very similar ingredients (fishes, meats, cheeses) in similar patterns.  Having been to Spain I would have liked to seen a broader range.  I didn't see any Spanish style sausage and not much in the range of vegetables.  The food we did have was good.  We shared the tortilla, crab cakes, cheese platter, and something else.  I would have liked for the tortilla to be less runny.  The ingredients were fresh and higher quality.  One thing to note, most of the tapas cost about $10-15 and really are not big enough to share so expect to buy at least 2-3 tapas per person or you can share a paella which is about $50.  IMO this is more of a $$$ restaurant.

Atmosphere: 
Much of the vibrancy of this restaurant has to do with the aesthetics of Aria.  The restaurant itself has great colors and modern styling.  The restaurant gets very loud especially if there is a lot of noise from the casino.  The crowd here tends to be younger and more trendy.

Service:

I found the hosts to be friendly as they tried to accommodate many people coming and going during a busy time.  The waitress was friendly and we didn't experience long waits for service.  I also found the the waitress was knowledgeable and was able to answer our questions about the different foods.
Julian Serrano is amazing! I would give this 10 stars if that was an option! 

Initially, I didn't even want to go here..... because my first impression was that it was going to be tiny servings with a fancy bow & big $$$ tag, that would leave me still hungry for more. Boy, was I wrong! Every dish ordered was prepared and cooked to perfection. Bursts of flavor, fabulous presentation, reasonable portions, and just overall a wonderful experience for the tastebuds. Love the decor & ambiance too. 

Below are a few comments on the dishes I will be crawling back for :) And please note: I did not try all of the below in one sitting. The list includes dishes tried on 3 different sittings :) 

MUST HAVES! 
- Tuna Cones - this was my favorite dish! I wanted another order! But btw, i think it's only available at dinner. I didn't see it available on their lunch menu :( 
- Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - so delish! especially if you like goat cheese & mushrooms. Was my second favorite dish! 
- Ahi Tuna Tempura - maybe because I love both Ahi Tuna & Tempura, but I thought this was just scrumptious
- Tuna Raspberry Skewers - a nice twist of flavors. 
- White Ceviche - this ceviche was divine! My only complaint was it was a bit heavy on the lime, but then again I'm just not a lime fan ;) 
- Spanish Chicken Croquetas - kinda like fried mozzarella stick, but with chicken & creamy bechamel sauce! I really liked this. Note: I luv creamy/cheesy stuff.  
- Grilled Lamp Chops - very tasty & tender

GOOD!, but nothing to scream about: 
- Wild Mushroom Soup - again, it was really GOOD! but I would prefer getting a second order of something above if given a choice :) 
- Lobster Salad 
- Lobster Saffron
- Beef & Cheese
- Padron Peppers - i felt like it was a bit too salty (this coming from someone who LOVES salt!) Also, it's probably more ideal as a sampler dish for a large party. For my table of 2, I felt like I had enough after a few bites, and felt padron pepper'd out by the time we finished the plate :op
- Brava Potatoes - don't get me wrong, it was delicious. but as it's a pretty filling dish, i just felt that these were not out of this world, and I'd rather fill up on one of the many other tapas choices they have to offer

Overall, it was so delicious. Can't wait to head back here soon!! :oD
No complaints here.  Enjoyed muscles, octopus, croquettes and all were great.  The muscles were quite generous in size and in flavour.  Followed that up with a mixed paella which was delicious and a meal in itself.  No room for desert which I'm always ok with.
I love Julian Serrano!!  This place has great decor, excellent customer service, and a great menu.  I had the pleasure of joining some friends for dinner here and it is hands down my favorite place at Aria to eat now. 

Awesome Treats: 
Cheese Plate was tasty with great variety
Calamari with yummy sauce
Prawns in olive oil
Creamy risotto 
Lobster and pineapple
Stuffed peppers 
Tuna sashimi cones

Everything was great and presented perfectly.

Great wine and sangria.
This has been one of my favorite meals in Vegas to date! It's such a fun tapas restaurant with great service. My only major critique would be that I felt the plates came out a little quickly. Would have been nice to enjoy the courses a little bit more as they came out, we felt a little rushed. 

My favorites
- Scallops
- Ahi Tempura
- Asparagus
- Steak
- Lamb Chop
- Chicken Croquetas

Word of Warning
- The plate of peppers is not for those with a sensitive to heat, the same witht he La Bamba Meatballs. WHOA!
- Desert was good but not my favorite. We tried the churros, donut holes and pound cake with the three dipping sauces a spicy chocolate, sweet caramel and a strawberry yogurt blend. Good but nothing to rave about. Stick with the savory items here. 

Overall, a great tapas experience, amazing food and speedy service.
Best tapas I've ever had! Customer service is good.
Ive been dreaming of the The stuffed Piquillo Pepper & the Ahi-Tuna Tempura!! Both were amazing!
Being from Chicago, and having an wide array of Tapas style restaurants to try, I figured Vegas has to at least match in quality, no?  
Overall the restaurant is very organized, very clean, and deserving of prices it demands.  I just feel the dishes lacked that extra zing.  You know the little touch that makes you crave the food 24/7?  
The tapas menu has a very large wide array that mixes Asian with Spanish influences.  The menu is creative and ingredients that I have never seen before.  Props to that.  Noise level is comfortable and a great place to take a date to impress.  Every time i go to vegas, i do stay at Aria, however, for the price tag, i'm not sure if i would go back here again given there are sooo many options within the hotel.
Me and my friends recently  checked this spot out and as a lover of Tapas,   I thoroughly enjoyed our meal - every last bite!   

The small portions definitely fed the three of us - we ordered 5 tapas and two deserts.

It was an awesome dining experience and I am glad I went.
I can' t say enough great things about this restaurant - everything is great about this spot.  Fantastic servers, great bartenders, terrific menu and high quality everything.

My first dinner / drink visit was so wonderful that I returned for a second meal there in under 24 hours.  I was craving their Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, risotto and brava potatoes too badly to stay away.

This is a classy place - it looks beautiful and will be sure to treat you and your pals incredibly well.  I'm looking forward to getting back there for another great meal and some bartender bonding (these guys know their stuff, super fun to sit at the bar with).
Stopped by for lunch and enjoyed the casual yet sophisticated atmosphere, and the friendly service. 

The prices were expensive for tapas, but the quality of food was good. We ordered the mussels, calamari and other recommendations.

Mussels -- plentiful and enough for sharing 

Calamari -- good, but didn't like how the batter quickly fell off the calamari

Nothing we ate here was out of this world good, but food quality was good and I wouldn't mind eating here again.
Meh to the nth....My husband I went here wanting something casual as we spent the day hiking and were in no mood to play dress up.  He did enjoy his salad, which looked fine, he also got a "pizza" appetizer which to me looked like it belonged in the take out section of a Trader Joe's, he said it was ok.  I do not eat meat, poultry or seafood so I was happy that they had a vegetarian section, but the mushroom risotto was very bland and tasteless (and I am used to risottos) and I also got the roasted peppers which did not taste roasted at all, more like boiled baby food - no other flavors I could detect - it was actually a pretty gross cold mess.  (To be fair this place may excel at their meat and seafood selections which we did not have). The by cup wine is expensive, which is fine, but the selection is somewhat off putting - very generic.  The service was spotty.  We seemed to be completely forgotten after being initially served until bill time came, and my second glass of vinegary wine was never delivered.  I skipped dessert because I had no expectations things would get better.  I am not a super fussy person, (I am from Chicago - foodie heaven) and I had no problems with the prices but I expect something above just edible.  It made me sorry we did not go back to Mon Ami Gabi, where the food is reliable, the service and the wine selection is great and you can sit outside in the fresh air.  Alas.... I felt like I just wasted my time at Julian Serrano.
We had a very good meal here.  There were 9 of us and our waitress suggested that we go with the chef's selection of tapas.  We requested foie gras and pata negra to be included in our selections.  The wine list is large and after discussion with the sommelier, we selected a Rioja which was absolutely stunning.  The cocktail program is also robust and our pre-dinner drinks were all happily enjoyed.  

Our selections of tapas were all very good and portioned out so that there was enough for all 9 of us to have a taste (or more).  The foie gras was delicious as was the pata negra (the pinnacle of jamon Iberico).  Other highlights included the sauteed padron peppers, lamb chops, beef filet.  We also had ceviche, grilled calamari, scallops, chorizo ... all tasty.  The mixed seafood paella was definitely a letdown, the rice too soft and textureless.  Desserts were outstanding, in particular the churros with chili spiced dark chocolate dipping sauce ... that was DA BOMB!
Food: 2.5 stars
Service: 4.5 stars
Ambience: 4 stars

Lobster Gazpacho
Ceviche
Black Rice
Black Pig Pintxo
Mixed Paella
White & Red Sangria

Just wasn't what I expected from a name like Julian Serrano.  Against my wife's wishes, I kinda insisted that we try this place.  And I felt bad for dragging her there.  

Black rice (squid ink, hence the name) was the best of the bunch, but even with that nothing to write home about.  Everything else was - it pains me to say this - very average.  Considering the restaurant's name and the location, I have to say I was fairly disappointed.

What sort of saved the night was our waiter - Donovan - who showed what an attentive service can do when things just weren't right.  Apparently, the couple sitting next to us was having the same problem as we did and Donovan seemed to save their night too.
In town for business alone, I sidled up to the bar and had a great meal and conversation.

Bartenders were awesome, recommending the best dishes on the menu. The guy making ceviche let me in on his ceviche-making artistry. My neighbor, also a woman in town for business, was awesome. We shared bites of food so I got to try a few items on the menu:

Tuna-rapsberry skewer -- just beautiful, a piece of art. The molecular raspberry is unusual and delicious.
Beef and Cheese -- I would not have ordered if the bartender didn't swear it was his favorite. Turns out, it was mine as well. GET THIS.
Mixed Seafood Ceviche -- perfectly seasoned and just perfect. Among the best ceviche I've had anywhere -- including south america.

I had a couple of glasses of wine, which made the experience all the more enjoyable too.
I'm basing this review on the fact that it's a tapas restaurant because if it was compared to regular restaurant food it would only be a three stars. In saying this, Julian Serrano is a really good tapas bar. This place is located in the Wynn and is very large and open. It's great for people watching cause it's right in front of the check in. Let's get to the food

On the bill:
Fishermans Soup 
Tuna Cones
Mediterranean Bass 
Imported Spanish Serrano Ham 
Creamy Risotto
Stuffed Dates
Beef And Cheese 
Grilled Lamb Chop 
Mixed Paella 

The bill came out to $400, which to me seems very steep for 6 people but I was really full. Overall, a cute place to catch up with friends.
We wanted something small to eat, so we went to Julian Serrano for tapas. We had the marinated olives, albondigas (meatballs) and a flatbread. Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful. We especially loved the sauce on the albondigas! The red and white sangrias were also delicious. They were fruity, but not overly sweet. I would definitely come here again!
I came here with my boss for dinner on weeknight for some tapas and it wasn't too busy-- we were seating right away at the bar. 

This is located in the Aria hotel downstairs and it's pretty easy to spot. The decor is very modern and trendy-- fake trees (looks like cherry blossom trees but no blossom), colorful striped wallpaper, and the walls are all made out of glass.

-  Imported Spanish "Pata Negra" ham ("the most delicious ham in the world"): slices of beautiful pata negra, served with toasted bread and garlic tomato sauce. WOW. Im glad I got to try this! Wayy better than any other cured meats i've tried! A bit pricey for 10 small slices but definitely worth it!

- Olives: The assortment of olives was a good choice! All super fresh and nice to nibble on while we enjoyed the other plates and drinks. 

- Cheese Platter: Cana de cabra (soft goat's milk), one year old manchego (sheep's milk), Cabrales (cow's milk), La Serena (soft sheep's milk), and some sweet pasty looking thing that tasted like dried figs. Served with toasted bread. Great selection of cheese for the platter-- there was a soft cheese, mild cheese, a more pungent cheese, and a dense cheese. The sweet fig paste paired nicely with the saltier cheeses

- Spanish Tortilla: Not your typical flat sheet of tortilla! This one is at least 2 inches thick, soft, and made out of potatoes, onions, and eggs. You can taste the soft chunks of potatos an egg-- very tasty and savory.

- Sauteed Foie Gras: I HAD to order foie gras since I wasn't in CA. A slice of foie with a sauce that tasted like balsamic vinaigrette, served on toast and chickpea mash. I wish the slice of foie was bigger, but all 2 bites were amazing! Super rich and creamy. 

- Santiago's cake: A slice of almond cake, turron ice cream. This wasn't as memorable as the other dishes but the cake was super moist and the ice cream paired well with the cake (turron is an ice cream made with almonds).

Nice place to grab some BOMB Spanish Tapas if you're staying at Aria/Vdara!
Ate here with a half dozen people.  We probably ordered 25 dishes, maybe 30.  Nearly all were hits.  I'll say, this is a large menu and there is a lot to try.  So, we were adventurous and ordered out of our comfort zone on a lot of things.  But, the baby eel omelet was just a miss.  I don't recommend it and won't get it again.  And, baby eels look....exactly like you think they do.  I like how you order several dishes, they bring them as they are prepared, and you can then order again.  I think we had 3 or maybe 4 rounds of ordering.

The sangria is very good, as many yelpers note.  If you have enough of it, the bill can get away from you at this place.  Those small prices add up friends.  Be advised.
Wow this place was so freaking good!!!! Seriously loved it.

We started out with pitchers of sangria - both the white and the red were fantastic.  I may have liked the white a tiny bit more, but the red was really good too.


We ordered a ton of tapas, but my favorites were the meatballs, scallops, pan manchego, and the sliders.  But everything we ate was delicious, those were just highlights.

The service was great, the restaurant was well decorated, and it was nice to get to see the Aria hotel! Highly recommend.
This is my favorite place to eat. This place couldn't have been better. Fansastic!
I tried about 5 or 6 different tapas and they were all amazing! Small in size but BIG in taste. It worked out perfectly for the occasion. It was my first restaurant of this type and it was a great experience.
With no experience with Tapas at the moment, I'd say.....this whole thing blows.  With that said, the food was quite good but the portions I would have to say were quite small.....I mean small like a quarter (25 cents).

So, if you're starving and ya think'n....a buffet would be good.....this is not the place for you!

Keep in mind that some order may take up to a 1/2 hr to prepare so, make sure you have plenty of Tapas on hand.......and it could get pretty pricey.
Tasty foods, nice service!  The reason that I didn't rate 5 stars is that it was too noisy.
I popped in for a mid-afternoon snack on my last visit to Vegas.  I was flying solo, so took a seat at the bar.

Five stars for Jeff, the bartender, who introduced himself, asked my name, learned where I was from (turned out we have some connections in common in my current city) and allowed me to sample both the red & white sangria.  Both are terrific, not as aggressively sweet and alcoholic as some sangrias can be, and the cinnamon in the red sangria made it perfect for an overcast January day.  The cocktail that followed was also very well-made.

I'm less enthusiastic about the food.  I ordered two plates, the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs) and the stuffed dates with goat cheese & pancetta.  Each dish was $12, which gets you 4 meatballs and 3 dates.  The dates were insanely good, and the tomato marmalade on the side was a nice touch.  However, 3 of my 4 meatballs were a touch cold in the center, which sends all kinds of bad signals.  I was in a rush so didn't return the food (or even complain), but it was a disappointment.

The menu is sufficiently varied and interesting that I would return to try it again, banking on the fact that the meatballs were an aberration.
Went to have dinner there before the Zarkana Show.  Booked a 6:45p.m. reservation time, because they have a $39 Pre Fixe menu until 7p.m.  Never heard of Julian Serrano (the person ) before...

What a beautiful restaurant.  The $39 Pre Fixe menu was very generous did not even finish the food, there was too much.  The wine menu was extensive.  The service is 1st rate, 1st class, when you turn your head for a second, they are already filling your water glass.

I would give it 4.5 stars but yelp would not let me.
This place is so gorgeous and great location.  We went for a girls weekend before our show.  Made a reservation ahead of time and our table was ready right when we arrived.  Food is absolutely amazing!!  The paella says it serves two, but it easily served 5 of us, especially when you are noshing on all the various tapas before it arrives.
Been here multiple times on various trips and always had fantastic experiences. The decor is snazzy and the room feels very open and festive, plus it has a terrific location right off the Aria registration desk. The bar area is very large and the bar staff has always been spot-on. 

The menu is extensive and has terrific variety. Favorites are the albondigas (Spanish meatballs), the grilled octopus on solid potato cakes, and the cheese selection. Everything is colorfully presented and plated. I'm a particular fan of the white sangria, which is refreshing rather than heavy and overly sweet. It's certainly not cheap, but given the quality and the setting, it's worth it for a Vegas splurge.
This a good restaurant, but overpriced for what you get. There are better tapas restaurants in Vegas...you're better off dropping coin there.
Best tapas around. We had ceviche, seared scallops, ahi tuna tempura, brucetta all excellent and taste. We sat at the the bar & the bartender was very knowledgeable. recommended most of our dishes.
Overall dining experience was great. It's located over at the Aria. It's a great place with a group of people to share a meal. We ordered a bunch of tapas and just shared them all. Our favorite dish was the Paella - they took their time to prepare this dish and it was big enough to share with 4 people. 

We also ordered some red sangria. It was light and refreshing. Glad we decided to try this place to satisfy our stomachs.
Always good!!!!!!
I started off with a glass of the rioja wine and some tapas. I ordered the squid, white anchovies, and lobster salad. On the menu it said the squid was prepared with paprika. Holy jesus. The squid came out. Lovely cuts of squid covered (I mean covered) in paprika and oil. The squid sat overtop small slices of potatoes which were ehh. I ate one piece of squid and thought I was going into anaphylactic shock. I was sitting at the bar drinking water nonstop hoping my throat would stop feeling scratchy. Coughing and coughing....I couldn't continue to eat this awful dish.  Who would do such a thing to squid? I told the bartender that I couldnt eat any more because of the paprika and he was like okay...ehhh. Meanwhile I continued to cough and cough. No, "hey you okay there??" Regardless, my lobster salad came. I think there was lobster in it?? Next, sorry but we are out of anchovies. Ok so I opted for the seared salmon...don't order it.  I wasn't impressed especially with it sitting on a bed of brown goo. The chorizo was WoW!! But the potatoes were ehhh. The calamari with garlic was the best dish. Super tasty. The great thing about this restaurant is the decor and the red sangria. The sangria reminded me of my days in Madrid. I think the menu should be re-done. Kinda disappointed with the food overall.
One of the better restaurants at Aria.  
Used food credit from Expedia ($100)
Ordered the Squid ink black rice, Ox tail, green salad. 
Service was attentive and unobtrusive and quick.  

Not much around for other choices.  Mexican (we didn't go), Thai (little overpriced for thai) english bar ( we didn't go) cafe (similar to all the other hotels) buffet (definitely have to do this one too)
Mid range restaurant in Aria Resort that is kid friendly.  (Not screaming loud kids, but well behaved children were tolerated)

I expect Vegas to be pricey so I wasn't too suprised to find the bill coming up to $350 for 6 people.  What am I surprised with was the level of service.  Our waiter seemed to be having a bad night the whole time he was serving us.  No 'thank-you's', no smile and anytime we asked for anything, it seemed as if we were cutting into his standing around time.

Most of the items on the menu ranged from bland to good, but the stand outs were:

Atlantic Cod - served with a salsa verde sauce, clams, asparagus, green peas and hardboiled egg.  Even the picture looks great.

Steamed Mussels - served with shallots and garlic.  The mussels were a bit on the small side, but still flavorful.
Visited on a busier night than last time and again walked away impressed. Service and food were outstanding. We were celebrating our anniversary and got the memorable meal we were looking for. Sommelier was a bit pretentious but our server was great. Wild mushroom risotto, squid ink rice, and albondigas were standouts.
Julian serrano definitely deserves it's high reviews. I found the lobster gazpacho soup to be excellent with enough lobster meat to be noteworthy and the gazpacho to be puree style not my favorite style normally but worked well here. The gazpacho is very nicely spiced. I really enjoyed the mixed seafood ceviche, good amount of assorted fish and excellently spiced with well balanced mix of lime and cilantro and a nice kick to it. I was less enamored with the octopus and potatoes as i found it too greasy and just not noteworthy from a taste perspective. I am a real wine guy and while i am normally a red wine drinker i had to have white due to the fish dishes and i enjoyed the hondarrabi zuri ( by the glass) which is a nice crisp, refreshing wine with enough depth and structure to stand up o these tapas. After the gazpacho and 2 tapas i had room for dessert and a lot on the dessert menu appealed to me but i went with the santiago's cake which was decent but not great. I found it a bit heavy with no real compelling taste but did find the accompanying scoop of ice cream more noteworthy.
Excellent dining experience, and by far the best place I ate at during my vacation. I've never had tapas before, and these are certainly some of the best you can possibly get. Went with a group of 3 of us, and tried a little bit of everything (the filet mignon, scallops, potatoes, cheese platters, mushroom risotto, etc) and I don't think there was a single thing we wouldn't get again. Service was excellent, and the atmosphere was very relaxed. We went 2/13/13 for dinner at around 6:30pm and the place wasn't full at all, but it did fill up by the time we left. If I go back to Las Vegas, this is a place I will certainly frequent again.
Decent food and not too pricy, although tiny portions. I had the Lobster Saffron (excellent flavor but slight chewy lobster) & the Piquillo Peppers (meh). Followed by the flan for desert (what's with the mountain of raspberry coolwhip?)

Could even be a 3.5 or 4 star if the hostess wasn't so consdescending and unhelpful. I have to say that the level of entitlement amongst servers in Vegas is through the roof. I mean, get over yourself. Dudes at the bar were slightly more gracious.
I really liked Julian Serrano. I'm a lover of tapas restaurants and Spanish food in general. 
It's best to come here with a group of people so you can get a little taste of everything. 

Some of my favorites were the tuna cones and the white anchovies on toast. 
We also got a huge skillet of paella. It was filled with lobster tails, scallops, shrimp, mussels etc.

Although the paella was very good, it was a little dry. 

The service was great throughout the night. Overall, I would probably go again sometime.
The food that great chefs are made of, together with attentive and helpful service. Ideal for a post show dinner. Tapas are outstanding - the Gambas, Foie Gras, Patatas Bravas would hold their own in Andalusia. This is the fine dining is Vegas is renowned for.
I think I just expected more. The food was good but not enough for me to go back again. Portion sizes on Tapas are always small but some of the items we order were barely two bites.
A menu full (almost overwhelmingly so) of small dishes that will give you a great taste of Spain right on the Strip.

Tapas restaurants are always frustrating to me because I can never seem to order the right amount of food and as a result always seem to leave hungry. To make matters worse, the food always seems to be pretty pricey so I'm not only hungry, but my wallet is significantly lighter to boot. This place is no different. The prices on some of the items border on exorbitant, which wouldn't be so upsetting to me given it's prime Strip location, except for the fact that I didn't leave full.

OK, enough about the prices. The tapas were very well prepared and came out in a timely manner. Definitely order the ahi tuna tempura and a couple of beef dishes. My strategy with tapas is always to mix vegetable dishes, meat dishes, and fish dishes and I always get some sort of cheese. Even with all that, my buddies and I were still hungry so we ordered paella to supplement. The paella takes 35-45 minutes to prepare so be ready to wait. I tasted both seafood and meat paella and really preferred the flavor of the meat. Something about the seafood didn't taste quite right to me, but, everybody I was with preferred the seafood so I think it was just me.

This meal is best enjoyed with a pitcher of red sangria - watch out for the fruit at the bottom, it'll knock you out.
My parents ate at Julian Serrano previously and liked it and so I decided to take them back.  Lot of great tapas ranging from the tuna raspberry skewer, iberico ham sliders, salmon cake, squid ink rice, tuna cones, sauteed foie and a large paella.  The white sangria was excellent!  I wished there were more iberico ham was there were only a few slices.  Anyway, the place is good but pricey as expected from Vegas.
Food and service and atmosphere were all excellent.  Prices are not cheap, but they are on par with other Vegas restaurants of the same caliber.  Quite good overall, I will return.
Had the opportunity to dine this evening solo at bar.  The staff was inviting and made me feel quite comfortable.  Savored the Creamy Risotto with wild mushrooms as aged Manchego.  Perfectly cooked (and I can't say that for a lot of the Risotto I have had while dining out).  This is a Tapas style restaurant so plates are small and delightful.
I sampled the romaine salad and the brava potato, as well as the saute spinach, chicken croquette and lastly, the molten chocolate with strawberry sorbet. Among all of these items, I liked the brava potato the best solely because I'm a french fries addict. The flavoring and preparation of the spinach and romaine salad were nothing extraordinary. I found the chicken croquette to be quite unique in that they used finely shredded chicken in this creamy sauce and the sauce was excellent.

As I am not a fan of overly sweet food, I found the molten chocolate to be not as sweet as I'd like it to be for a dessert!!! That was a bit unexpected and I really wish the chocolate in the middle was slightly sweeter.
Ohh Julian, where should I start? Possibly with the Potatoes which absolutely melt in your mouth. As a Vegas local, I have been to a variety of different dining establishments. Off the strip, my favorite tapas place is Firefly. If you are on a budget and want tapas comparable to Julian, hit up Firefly. If you want the quality, variety and are not concerned about your wallet check out Julian. I have no complaints :)
Excellent food. Ordered the lamb chop,  picxto chorizo,  cannelloni,  manchego bread,  fried peppers I got two orders they were so goo.  Service is a little slow but good food if u don't mind the wait
Worst waiter ever.

This place was on my maybe list for my Vegas trip, only because they serve paella.  It turned out to be convenient, so we went.  It was 3:30 in the afternoon, and mostly empty in there.

I ordered the mixed paella as soon as the waiter from hell came to our table, as we were going to see Le Reve that night.
That waiter NEVER came back to see if we wanted drinks or anything else from the menu.  I had to flag his sorry ass down to order a beer.  They ran out of the one I wanted to try, and he said there was one not on the menu, he hesitated because it's "strong."  It was not.  He must be used to drinking piss water.  But it wasn't that.  He saw an Asian woman and applied his ignorant stereotypes.
That dip shit appeared to provide service to the few other occupied tables around us, but not us.
When the paella arrived, I took a picture.  After that, there was a very marked difference in that waiter's attitude.  All of a sudden, he became friendly.  Well what do you know about that.

He never took the menus from our table.  And some other guy came to take the other two place settings from the four top we sat, right in the middle of our meal.
A waitress, she was Asian, who had started her shift as we began our meal, came over right away and removed the menus.

The flavors of the paella were good. There was no crust to speak of, though.  Also, one of the handful of mussels in it had a broken shell.  So.  The kitchen sees this broken shell on a shellfish, and decides to just send it out as is.  Wth.  You're not supposed to do that, especially not for a $50 dish.

What a joke of a restaurant.  Except for that waitress, the only person in there who knew what she was doing. The hostess was great too.
Food is adequate. Service is good. But everything is way over priced. Go to a Firefly instead. Half the price; better menu and the tapas is exquisite.
After a disappointing lunch, we decided to live it up with some tapas. Tapas, for us at least, are a little exquisite, with good variety... and expensive. Julian Serrano about sums up these principals, but even as tapas go this place is real good.

We ordered four dishes here which filled us up, although we were looking for a light meal so it worked out. We got the Croquetas chicken, calamari, white ceviche and papas bravas. Everything was delicious, although the white ceviche was the clear winner while everything else was a tied for second runner up with no weak dishes to be had. A great experience with a very friendly waiter as well, making this the star eat of our Vegas trip.

As long as you are prepared for the tapas experience, can't go wrong with Julian Serrano.
I ate dinner here with two other ladies during a girls weekend to Vegas. We were staying at the Aria and wanted a nice dinner, so we decided to try Julian Serrano before heading to a show and club. I am a huge tapas fan so I was happy to try this place out. Located near the check-in desk and not too far off the casino floor, it is not a hard place to find. Additionally even though we did not have reservations, they sat us right away at 6:30 pm, most likely since we were dining a tad early by Vegas standards.

I'm still getting use to restaurants being hi-tech, so I was surprised when our waiter handed us an IPAD instead of a wine menu. However I didn't need to scroll too far once I saw they had an Albarino (my favorite kind of wine) on the menu. My two dining companions left the ordering to me which was really nice. Thankfully at the end of the meal they thought I did a good job or it could have been disasterous!

For food we got the seared scallop (3 come with the order), pan manchego, bravas potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, and the traditional spanish chicken croquetas, topped off with the molten chocolate cake for dessert. The scallops were cooked to perfection (they melted in my mouth) and the peppers had a little kick due to the goat cheese that oozed out of them. I have had better bravas potatoes at other tapas restaurants, but my dining companions really enjoyed them along with the pan manchego. The chicken croquetas were all of our least favorite dish - something about the texture just turned me personally off. The chocolate cake was a nice way to cap the meal and, needless to say, not one bite was left of it.

If Yelp had half stars, I would give it a 3.5, but am rounding up to four because we had very good service, really liked the atmosphere/ambiance of the restaurant, and pretty much all the food we tried was solid. It just didn't blow me away like other tapas places I have been to. On a future Vegas visit, I would come back with more people to try more of the menu as there were plenty of dishes that appealed to me.
Great menu! Great Tapas. 
A little on the loud side and informal but fun and nice for Tapas!
By far my favorite tapas restaurant! Took a girls trip to Vegas with 8 girls and we all loved it!! Everything was top notch! Each item we tried was amazing! Everything from their sangria to dessert is recommended. I don't think you can go wrong with any selection. We wanted to try everything so we even went back the following day; which is unheard of in Vegas. If you enjoy tapas, then this should be your first stop in Vegas!!!
a bit disorganized at the check-in due to design of reception area. once seated very interesting menu. great combinations among the tapas dishes. well presented and fantastic flavors. wait staff very timely and polite. Atmosphere was lively but too loud. would have given 5 but for the chaos at front desk and stingy wine pour.
Spectacular ceviche, fish dishes, atmosphere in the aria. Debated between this and jaleo, wasn't disappointed! Could have done without the Spanish tostada, too potatoey for my taste.
The hubs and I stopped in for a few drinks and appetizers before heading out to dinner at The Cosmopolitan and had a great time! We were staying at Aria and wanted to grab a quick drink before heading off to dinner -- enter Julian Serrano. Easy location and no wait? Score. Overall it was a great experience. The service was top-notch and the food was awesome! Honestly it was hard to narrow down the menu to just two small plates since we were going to be eating dinner elsewhere. We settled on the pancetta and goat cheese stuffed dates and the bravas which were both delicious. For drinks we both had the sangria which was excellent as well. Will definitely return for dinner next time!
Actually we were wanting to visit the restaurant next door and since that was closed for lunch we decided to try the tapas here. We ordered the Valenciana Paellas & the grilled lamb chops. Both of them were flavorful & exquisite. Service was very good as well. Will definitely return for another visit whenever in Vegas.
Tapas! Yes, the hot food trend is front and center at Julian Serrano. And he does a magnificent job weaving ceviches, charcuterie and (of course) paella throughout your table.

There is so much to choose from on the menu that there's really no sense in describing it all. Just try a little of everything and enjoy! Thoroughly! Each bite is so full of flavor your pallet will never get bored.

The decor is ultra modern but casual like almost everything in Vegas and it's right off the main Aria lobby. Service was impeccable - not hovering but also there whenever you need it. Friendly, helpful and attentive.

Don't be fooled by the relatively low cost per plate. It adds up quickly to a hefty dinner tab. But, what doesn't cost a bundle in Vegas these days? Enjoy the magical culinary adventure that is Julian Serrano Tapas and worry about your bank account tomorrow!
BEST DINING ECPERIENCE!!! The food and wine was exqisite and the service was over the top. This was our first time here an we had no idea what to order. The waiter was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu as well as the wine menu. We we're NOT dissapointed at all. Definitly recommending this restaurants to all of our friends!!
We ate here prior to attending the Zarkana show this past weekend.  I was really impressed with the food and service.  The bartender serving us, I believe his name was Premo, was so attentive and funny.  He made our experience all the better.  I would definitely go back the next time we are in town.
Always a great time!!!
Fun lil tappas place. Good atmosphere. Different areas for intimate dining, group dining or entertaining view from the bar. Server was informative without being pushy. Portions fill you up just enough.
Food was good, however I was expecting a lot more based on the reviews.  The atmosphere is also slightly off. It is located with in the lobby of the Aria, and does not have walls to close you off, so it has more of a the feel of a food court.  With all of the fabulous places in the Vegas, this is not one that I recommend
This place is so good. The drinks are good especially the Sangria-- Wowser it is strong. I have been here many times and tried many things on the menu. My favorite is the mixed grill paella. The ceviche is also a favorite. The only problem is if you go with 3 people there is always that odd moment of who is getting that extra piece. The plates usually come with 2 or 4 pieces. So if you go in a group of 3, get ready to fight. It is totally worth it. Or just order extra plates.
Great: lobster gazpacho, mixed seafood ceviche, risotto, sangria
Really Good: ox tail wrapped in pancetta, ahi tuna tempura rolls
Good: cheese plate, pistachio tart, chocolate lava cake, chorizo and chicken paella
Disappointing: warm spinach salad
I wish I had a place like this where I lived. Good simple foods, nice service, and not to upscale but classy enough to have atmosphere. I have never had a bad meal here, and the drinks are fantastic! The tile work in the place is really nice, and be sure to try their Foie Gras! Outstanding! Everyone we have sent here has loved it!
Add to the list of entrees you can't pass up: the mussels. So, so tasty. Also don't miss the Spanish tortilla (eggs, potatoes, carmelized onion) and the albondigas.
Decor is nice, and looks trendy but that's about it. Very expensive - I don't mind expensive if it's good. And it was mediocre. First of all, it is very loud because half of the place is open facing the lobby of Aria. We had 9:30 pm reservations - quickly seated. We ordered 4 tapas - sautéed spinach, bell pepper, seared scallop, and bass. The portions were super tiny. I have had tapas before but jeez- for $15 a place- they were the size of a lemon. Ridiculous. Spinach was good but had some weird white chunks that tasted sour. Red bell pepper, the size of a ver small lemon was cold and lacked any flavor. The scallops ( came with 3) were ok, seared not quite well on outside and a little undercooked on the inside. The bass- 2 little slices- were ok- sautéed so skin was crunchy but for $20 it was crazy. Service was just so so, I noticed service was better at bigger tables or tables that ordered lots of alcohol. Seems like this is the place to go to be seen and to show off, nothing about the food or service impressed. It was beautiful on the surface, but nothing else. Will not go again. Save your money and go to a nice expensive Buffett.
We were both were really looking forward to this place because we saw they had churros for dessert and they were a tapas place.  We got the the restaurant and had a reservation through open table (we requested somewhere where we could see the entire restaurant because it really was beautiful, they sat us in the back next to a pillar which blocked the entire restaurant BOO)

We ordered first the whitefish ceviche (really really good) .  The taro chips complemented the ceviche perfectly. Then we had the tuna cones, they were really good as well.  All their seafood tasted really fresh (for being in a landlocked state).  Next was the soup, I thought it was ok but a but on the salty side, but the BF loved it.  We had the pan manchengo next, soo light and good.  And our last dishes were the lobster with the mashed potatoes and asparagus and the beef and cheese.  These were really good the lobster was cooked very nicely and seemed to be wrapped in prosciutto, very nice and crispy and the beef and cheese was nice and medium rare.  Really good beef but a bit on the heavier side.

Overall it was a really nice dinner and we really enjoyed it.  Sadly we could not order dessert, we we just way too full.
We would definitely come back next time and those churros are on the list.
Let me start this out by saying that my feelings about this place fall somehwere between A-OK and I'm a fan. I had a reservation, made through Open Table, for a party of 4. Two people arrived early and were seated right away. When I arrived, a drink menu was promptly delivered...actually it was an iPad but same thing, and our drink were ordered. The atmosphere was loud in a Saturday night kind of way. Unfortunatley, two of our dinning companions were a bit older and hearing was an issue for them. I suspected this might be a problem, as Tapas restarants normally promote drinking and plate sharing which leads to lots of guest interaction. But I just went with it. 

We ordered the Tuna raspberry skewers, the spicy tuna cones, a serrano ham plate, truffle risotto, a salmon dish, galic chicken, and artichokes. I woudl say 50% was delicios, the other 50% was just meh. The artichokes were little grease bites, the salmon was forgettable and the raspberry tuna skewers looked better than they tasted. My favorite was the spicy tuna cone. It had great texture and the flavors worked really well. The serrano ham plate was simple and everyone gobbled it up. The risotto wasn't the best i've ever had but the truffle flavor was intense and I'm a sucker for truffle anything. 

Dessert: Churros with chocolate dipping sauce & Almond cake. The churros were hot but plain, no sugar or cinnimon sprinked on them. The chocolate sauce was thick and slightly spiced with chili, yum. I prefered the almond cake. It was simple and a nice finish to the meal but nothing I would specifically recommend to a visitor. 

Drinks- I have an obsession with Aviations and the one here was really good. Not a great as the ones made at the Vesper Bar but still very tasty. They also had a nice wine list but the waiters knowledge was not that extensive to be able to make suggestions without pouring multiple tastes. 

Easy to get a reservation and fun if you want to mingle. Dishes are different that your typical tapas fare, even though there are the staples, and its always fun to try somethinig new.
Tapas - small dishes - are an excellent way to spend an evening, enjoying the flavored and a great glass of red!  Enjoyed the white ceviche, garlic chicken, tuna, sliders et al!  Service was prompt and pleasant.
The Ceviche was amazing! Was surprised that this place was able to pull off such a dish! We ordered a dishes but by far, Ceviche was the best.

Service is great! Our server, Eddie was phenomenal! The atmosphere was relaxed, not too crowded but just busy enough to give the place life.  The only thing that keeps me from going back is parking at Aria. What a mess that is!
Amazing simply the best Spanish food I have had so far in the US. The ceviche is mind blowing. Came here 2 nights in a row!
I love this place!! I'm regretting waiting so long to try it but this is a go to place when I'm in town.  All the food except maybe one thing we ordered was excellent.  We ordered 10 dishes and I think the one that stand out the most was the Rabo De Toro.  Other favorites was the risotto, Foiegras, short ribs and the donuts!. Can't miss that with the Churros.  You can double dip the chocolate and the butterscotch from the donuts!
Went here last weekend for a bachelorette party. We had planned to start the night out with a light dinner here. Reservations for our party of seven were made in advance because we had plans to get to a club by 11. We showed up a few minutes early for our reservation and the hostess says it will be a few minutes, you're the next party of seven. Now I have no problem waiting 5-10 minutes for them to clear the tables or whatever but we waited over 45 minutes. By this point we were starving and worried about making it to our later plans. I wish I could have given this place 5 stars because the food really was great and the service (after speaking with the manager about our dilemma) was awesome. The food was served quickly and the prices were pretty reasonable considering everything on Vegas is a little pricey. I'd go here again but only if I wasn't in a rush to be somewhere!
Went to see Zarkana afterwards we were hungry and tried this place. The food was pretty good but portions are tiny. Ordered the garlic chicken which had a lot of fat on it also got the lamb chop which was ok and again had a lot of fat. Black rice was pretty good, salad was good, steak tartar which was good. Also had some other dishes as well.

I would not go there again not worth the money.
Having no expectation of this place and a pretty bad experience with Spanish cuisine, I must say I was amazed at how Julian Serrano has proved me wrong and makes me want to return to try more tapas.

For two people, we split an order of paella (takes 40 mins to make, enough for 2 according to their menu, enough for 4 if you are ordering some tapas). We started off the meal with the sliders, ceviche, and chicken croquetas. We might have ordered a dish too many as we were waiting for our paella, but oh well! I loved their croquetas. Crispy outer layer with a creamy, juicy chicken filling. It's like a bite sized pot pie! Although the dish is quite petite, it can be quite heavy. The ceviche I ordered contained white fish, octopus, scallops served with these chips reminded me of some root (I'm guessing its a lotus chip. ) it's a good light and appetizing small dish. The chips balances out the not too overwhelming lime juice. The tentacles weren't tough to chew, not overdone. 

We had the mixed paella with Spanish chorizo, lobster,  mussels, chicken, artichokes, peas. Some of the other paella sounded tastier but I couldn't decide between chorizo and lobster so why not both? It's a fragrant dish served fresh on its hot plate, with the steam with juicy chicken and fresh seafood seeping out of the saffron rice. The dish isn't extremely dry, overlooked, or salty. It has been way too long since I've had paella like this.

I couldn't finish half my paella since I do want to make some room for desserts. We split the molten chocolate cake with blood orange sorbet. After tasting some crappy fake blood orange flavored sugary ice with food coloring, I'm glad to have some real blood orange sorbet that is on point! It's a must for me to have some tarty flavors in case the chocolate gets too sweet and overwhelming. The chocolate cake itself is actually semisweet. Good on its own, great with the sorbet. That warm and cold mixture just gets you when you're indoors at somewhere with super high AC but you're still in the desert. The cake is not dense at all, very airy textured, just enough to hold the warm chocolate filing in the center.

Definitely worth my dollars. Can't wait to come back and try more tapas!
I had my favorite meal during my 4 days in Vegas here at Julian Serrano.  The menu is impressive, there are so many plates to choose from.  It's tapas style but I was stuffed after ordering 2 dishes.  I got the gambas a la plancha (head-on prawns), a bit of a mess to eat, I think I would try something else next time but delicious.  My favorite was the Rabo de toro (oxtail AND iberico?).  can't go wrong with that one.  I ordered a glass of russian river pinot noir that was delicious (@ $18/glass, one would hope so).  ONe thing that turned me off was one of the bartenders who served me.  He pushed sangria on me, saying it was the best drink to order.  1) it was the cheapest (not that that necessarily means anything and 2) it was the sweetest and I told him I don't like sweet drinks.  The other bartender who served me completely cancelled this guy out though, he was awesome and attentive.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular here.  The prices are reasonable and meet my expectations for the quality.  A delightful, and polar opposite experience to Bar Masa.
Fan-frickin-tastic.

I admit I went to this more than a year ago but our meal still stands out as one of our better Vegas dining experiences.

The 'atmosphere' is a bit odd, just between the Cosmopolitan and Aria but the food and great service make up for any oddity.

I know I should have taken notes because I can't remember what we had, but I doubt there's a 'miss' on the list, just go for it.
I love this place. There, I said it.

If I could pick a secret super-hero dining tool, it would be an extending fork. I love to try everything - all of it. A perfect meal for me means I have sampled it all.... Shared with my neighbor and snagged a little something from your plate. No need here, small plates built to share means people like me are happy campers!

Although its billed as a Spanish tapas joint, it has a more American flare.

My faves of the evening:
- goat cheese lollipops - ohhhh we ordered more!
- steak
- donuts
- churros (clearly I have a dessert problem)

My not faves -
- calamari - table loved it, just not my thing
- paella - my muscles were a bit strong

Fantastic drinks, people watching and service. We dines with 8 people, and had a ton of dishes. The bill slit was 120 which seemed pretty good. Great value, and super convenient for the cirque show.

It didn't hurt that we sat next to a fabulous bachelorette party dressed as Air Force pilots (nice one ladies)

Ill go back. Loads of fun and great food.
Had multiple foodgasms.

Living in Spain for a while, I have to say I've had better Tapas here than I did back in some places in Spain.

I got the croquettes, potatoes, white anchovy tapas, stuffed dates (OMFG), and then finished it off with Churros con chocolate (OMG x2)

Words cannot express the feelings I got when I was eating all of this food.

Too bad it's pricey and 2,000 miles away from my home, because I'd come back here every weekend.
Recently was in Vegas for a roller derby game, and a group from my team came here for dinner.

We had a 9:30 reservation, and showed up with 4 of the 6.  They still seated us, and brought us drinks.  We went with a sangria, which was delicious, and got our evening started off right!

The other two in our party ending up being really quite late, so we went forward and ordered food.  They were very patient and pleasant when the remaining party members did show up.

Here's some things that the table ordered:

Goat Cheese Salad
Tuna-Raspberry Skewer
White Ceviche (YES.)
Black Rice (So good!)
Brava Potatoes 
Asparagus
Creamy Risotto (Must have.)
Stuffed Dates (We almost ordered another, so good!)

They have an entire vegetarian / vegan menu, so don't be shy about asking.  Also, we didn't partake in them, but the paellas looked AMAZING that were going out to the other tables.

Overall, we had a great experience.  Pleasant wait staff, delicious food and drinks, great atmosphere.  Definitely would return.
The service was good and the atmosphere is nice...but the food...a joke. We ordered the rib eye, the chorizo, the sauteed shrimp and the steak tar tar to start....and to end. We took a few bites and realized we had to go somewhere else and eat pronto. The rib eye was 2 slices of a decent steake but verrrry fatty...and that was the best part of the meal. The chorizo was less stellar than Jimmy Dean and i dont even eat that garbage. The shrimp tasted like it went from the freezer to the microwave in bacon fat. And the tar tar... which my friend ordered and he has worked in some of the finer NY restaurants including Ciprianis.. was laughable. When the waiter came to ask if we needed anything more we said the check and the nearest decent restaurant. I said the "chef should be demoted to bus boy". He summoned his manager who was nice enough but insisted that his chef was "one of the best in spain". Insert laughter here. Ok well congratulations to him but this food was nothing but overpriced. He comped the two dishes we left on the plate (which was not our intention) and apologized but we left hungry and very disappointed. And btw i have been to Spain and the food there is not spectacular as rule but the great Tapas places are all about quality which this place lacks.
Overall a really nice restaurant. Great food. 
I did think that some of the portions sizes were a little small or maybe there were just too many of us! 
My favorite dishes were, Spanish tortilla (excellent) brava potatoes, scallops, lamb chop. 
We also ordered the mixed paella. It was just ok. The mussels & lobster in it were delicious, but otherwise it was just bleh! 
I don't drink sangria but the other 8 people in my party loved it. 
Overall a good dining experience.
Get the stuffed dates and foie gras!!! Stuffed dates have pancetta with its wholesome self crisped around it. The gin cocktail with pureed apples and thyme, perfect. Short ribs a bit tough, lime sweet potatoes were delicious. Seabass was executed nicely... great flavors, perfectly crispy skin. Make sure you ask for your temperature on the sliders, ours came it well. Manager was great and gracious enough to attend time with us and explain everything. Our server on the other hand, not attentive. He did not have suggestions, didn't know the menu, spoke way to quiet, and stood around across the room most of the night. Nice kid but not up to par to serve at a complex strip restaurant.  Bussers and management were at our table 98 %. I would come back hopefully service is better.  Prices are a bit high but i knew and expected that. 3 1/2 stars.
I'm not really one for eating tapas, but our group ate here after a little convincing and it was quite good. The pace of tapas coming to the table is a little too slow for me, but Serranos seemed to pull things off quite nicely.

If you like tapas, I'd highly recommend. Everyone in our group thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
Ordered three plates: (1) yellowtail "tiradito" - very good (loved the fried string sweet potatoes with it. The portion was very small (only three pieces), (2) white ceviche - decent, but had better, (3) Heirloom tomato salad with mozzarella ice cream- tasty.  Overall, the food is good, but portion is very small and it's pricey. I know it's a tapas place, but I've had bigger portions at other tapas place.
Very nice restaurant with excellent food but the service that day was lacking.  So many people there friday night with at least 2 brides to be :). The waiter was quite apologetic and kind but my hubby got quite annoyed when the last dish did not appear for 20-30 mins.  They happily cancelled it though when we requested it to be cancelled.  I really enjoyed their sangria too.  Overall, they just need to hire more waiters and chefs so that they can boost their ratings.  I would give it a 4 but my hubby would give it a 2, so average is a 3 :)
Hmmm too expensive ! We were there this evening and are very disappointed. We ordered the red sangria, which was ok ( I only missed fruit in it ).  As in Europe, we ordered tapas. The patata bravas too expensive, sorry. They are selling shrimps in stead of real gambas. The abodigas were just ok.  We made a complaint and only got the answer : I'll let the chef know.....
Nice place to sit, not too cold inside. Anyway, we will not return.
Excellent food! Ahi tuna cones and white ceviche were amazing, so was the rib eye. Great service too!
From atmosphere to food to service- from drinks to tapas- Julian Serrano is a must when even close to the Aria Casino. If you are a fan of Spanish tapas, you will be as close to heaven as you will ever be. We are huge fans of tapas, the smaller portions and the many flavors that will explode on your taste buds. So many varieties and all of the tapas were beautifully presented on great, long rectangular plates that facilitated the three of us getting to all that was available. Favorites included the Spanish tortilla de patata, the octopus, the scallops, the ceviche was so delicious. We tried everything we thought we would like including the lamb, and then because we had a great rapport  with our waiter, we let him pick some of his favorites for us to try. 
We had reservations for 9pm and ate easily for at least 2 and a half hours, as a matter of fact, we actually closed the restaurant down and were never made to feel that we were a bother. It was a birthday celebration, and they brought the most beautiful plate complete with candle! (see pictures) Rarely will you find a restaurant that gets all of it right- but at Julian Serrano all of the stars aligned for us to give us a perfect meal.
Great Tapas
AMAZING thank you yelp for allowing me to find this place bu its amazing reviews. We went here Wednesday night this restaurants is located in the Aria hotel. I looked to see the items that you MUST order and i did and was extremely impressed. I started with the lobster salad omg lobster was cooked just perfectly and a decent portion too. Also the fish ceviche very good, and their advertisement has the tuna lollipops. that you just must try i cannot explain how good they are. Also the salmon with the truffle sauce and mushrooms. Great place a must try if you are a foodie !
Came here expecting a nice ish tapas restaurant but turns out its a bit more casual. Its in the lobby of the Aria and despite being labeled as "$$$" there are a lot of people in flip flops and still wearing bathing suits or what have you from the pool. 

We had reservations for 9 and arrived 20 min early and asked one of the hosts if we could be sat a little early. He said he would check and then disappeared for 10 minutes. People that just walked in were sat down before us as we just waited for him. He eventually came back and looked at us then walked away. Ok. After another while and more walk ins being sat in front of us a waitress finally said to follow her and sat us at our table. It was already past 9 at that point. He could've just said "Sorry we can't sit you earlier" and we would have happily sat at the bar and ordered a drink. What a pointless waste of our time as we stood by the hostess stand. 

Food was ok. A couple hits and a couple misses. Overall wish we had gone to Jaleo instead. Food was not super creative, the tasting menu especially was really generic with caeser salad, chicken, and molten lava cake. Not very Spanish-y at all I imagine it was trying to appeal to the mass audience/flip flop crowd.

Started off with chicken croquettes with bechamel, yummy and really creamy/fried but not very reminiscent of Spanish croquettes. The pan con tomate and manchego was unremarkable. We were pretty excited for the black foot pig ribs with beans and the black foot pig shoulder on toast with caramelized onions. Black foot pigs are fed only acorns and their meat is supposed to taste amazing. The ribs were ALL fat. Honestly could not tell you what the meat tasted like because there were only tiny scraps of it attached to white blubber. The beans were ok. The pork shoulder had good flavor but was so tough. Its a shame to overcook such good quality meat like that. With the onions and toast it would've been lovely if properly cooked.

The dish I most liked was one of the specials, coca with goat cheese, figs and arugula. The coca bread was soooo good. Cannot wait to get that again somewhere. Its like a cakey thicker tortilla. With the fresh figs and goat cheese and arugula this was perfect.

The chicken with chorizo and potatoes was super flavorful and a lot of food. It came with salty whipped cream which I imagine you were supposed to mix into everything else but I was not quite fond of. It could have used a fresh/vegetable element since everything was very heavy. 

They forgot my lobster saffron rice but at that point I was full so it was fine. 

Looked at desserts but they looked pretty meh. The table next to us ordered the churros and they looked pretty unremarkable. The almond cake with turron ice cream sounded better but after the meal we were reluctant to order it. Would probably not return here.
Wow! Tapas and service galore. Make sure you ask for April, then start with a glass of Spanish Red wine.  When you start your order, keep these specialties in mind., goat cheese salad, mushroom risotto, tuna cones, salmon truffle.... Need I go on...
We will be back!
The service the night we dined led something to be desired. In total we had at least three servers come by our table taking various orders or dropping items off which was confusing as to who was actually in charge of our table. After waiting 15-20min to place our order of three tapas and sangria, we received our food which was only a meat plate, cheese plate and tuna cones after 15min but no sangria until the end of our meal. We told our third waiter we wanted the sangria taken off our bill since it was ridiculous to be served our drinks after we were done, especially since we could see if was permeate in a giant glass jug with a spout on the bar. The manager was nice enough to come over and discuss our lack of service and took half off our bill including the sangria, which was appreciated. So I would give it a second chance because the food was excellent and the manager acknowledged the lacking service without us having to call him over.
Yum! Love this place and will definitely return! Everything was delicious and service was fast.

faves:
white ceviche
gambas
spanish sliders
I am writing this update because I had such a bad experience. My first was fine and this was just horrible. I made my reservation for 5:30 for 4 people. We sat down with 3 people waiting on the 4th. The waitress took about 10 minutes to reach our table. We told her to brig the Sangria ( which tasted like pure sugar water this time) and a calamari for and app. She brought the items and we told her we would be ordering the Paella because it takes 40 minutes to cook. She said fine and walked away. 

After about 25 minutes I called her over and asked if we could order. I also just wanted to double check with her that she put the paella in for 4 people . She looked at me like I was crazy. She said no, she put it in for 2 people. WHAT??? We have a table of 4. She said we should just order an extra item off of the menu if we were still hungry. I asked for the manager right away.

The manager came over and I explained the situation. He said he would try and get a 4 person paella expedited for us. He came out 5 minutes later and said we were so lucky because someone else had ordered a 4 person and he would just give us theirs. After we had all of our small plates, which were good they brought out the paella. OMG was this a joke? You could see right away that the rice was not cooked. We asked them to serve it up and they just glared at us and left a spoon. We tried eating it and the rice was so raw it was literally sticking to our teeth. We were picking it out. I called the manager back over. We asked him to taste it, he did and said that is how they serve it. What a liar. I have had the paella here so many times and never tasted this kind of crap. 

He took it away and we just ordered the donuts for dessert. We ordered 2 orders so we could all have some. They brought out 3 and also a flan that tasted horrible and no one ate. The manager came back over and said he had removed several things off of our check. When we got the check, they charged us for half of a paella and 3 orders of donuts. WHAT??? GET THE MANAGER!! He came over again about 10 minutes later with a new check and said "oh here is your real check". Are you serious Mr. Manager? Nice try ripping me off. 

This was a disaster and I will never return to this restaurant. What a joke! This place is not cheap and they should have it together by now. That waitress and manager should be fired for playing silly little games. Oh and by the way even after the removal of the paella we still spent roughly $300- So we were really not looking for a free meal, just good food and service.
I'll keep this short and sweet: if you want amazing tapas, go to La Cave at the Wynn. Julian Serrano is good, but the portions are very small for a very high price, and I think La Cave's food is better...
Love this place. It was a Tuesday night and the place was packed. Luckily we had a reservation and we were seated right away. The service was fairly quick. The ambiance is lively and bright, it's loud but bearable, everyone looked like they were having a good time.

Continue on to the food. There are many selections on tapas, price ranges from $11-$30 each most of them are at $14-$16 which are fairly reasonable being a restaurant at the Aria. We ordered the Mixed Seafood Ceviche, the Lobster Saffron and the Bomba (spicy meatball) to start off. All were delicious. Then we shared a Mixed Paellas $50, can be shared among 2 ppl, (lobster, mussels, chicken, spanish pork chorizo and vegetables over saffron rice). The rice was a little hard for me but the seafood were cooked to perfection. Hint: all the dished we've tried was a little on the salty side, that's how they get you to drink more. We also had a pitcher of white Sangria which was way more than enough alcohol for the 2 of us.

By the end of the meal we were too stuffed to try dessert. We'll be back next time to try other tapas.. they all sound so good.
I've always been pretty suspicious of tapas restaurants. All to often restaurants use "tapas' as an excuse to serve up small portions at high prices. And while Julian Serrano is no exception to this, the small plates of deliciousness served up here are worth it if your a tapas fan.

Couple of items I definitely think are worth checking out: goat cheese lollipops, Spanish sliders, brava potatoes and of course churros for dessert. However beware, the ribs here nothing but flavored fat. The food was delicious without a doubt, I could probably eat most of those dishes again without hesitation. 

Julian Serrano like the other restaurants at City Center looks great. Nice open spot, very hip and service was nothing to complain about. Hit up OpenTable to get a reservation unless you like waiting.

JS is definitely more expensive than some of the other tapas restaurants around the Strip, but hey... you are eating at Aria after all. Around $10-$20 for most plates but the portions are small. I couldn't help but be disappointed at how small the plates were. Each tapa usually translates to only 2-3 bites when sharing with the table. I doubt anyone can leave this place satisfied for under $40. 

Last minute tip: check out M-life to see if they have promotions for this place. Bringing down the price makes JS definitely worth it!
Love this place.  I had eaten at BarMasa the night before and was not impressed there, but am so happy that I stumbled upon Julian Serrano.  Nice atmosphere with awesome Tapa's.  We sat at the bar, which was more like a table for 4 and had a great time and awesome meal.  Ordered a not so expensive bottle of wine and just kept ordering off the menu one at a time until we were full.  DEFINITELY try the ahi tuna.  Unreal and worth a second order.  

Service at the bar was exceptional and it was a fun evening.  

It was packed, but in my opinion sit at the bar tables if its just a few (or two in my case) of you.  I think its a better more social scene there and you aren't shuffled off into the bowels of the restaurant (actually its pretty open, just saying the bar area is better).

A fan here!
I am a slut for patatas bravas. It's the truth. That spicy aioli, the potatoes...crispy on the outside, velvet on the inside. It doesn't really get any better than that. 

Oh wait, it does! 

When patatas bravas are joined by a nice glass of wine, the delctable, savory paquetitos (manchego and artichoke mixture wrapped with JAMON), a  BOWL OF HOT, GLISTENING CHORIZO, and a handsome smiling man...I become THE BIGGEST SLUT IN THE WORLD. What's that touching your crotch? Oh, nothing. JUST MY HANDS. 

JK JK JK 

But really, I had a lovely time here. A lovely time that was made even lovelier with my smartly dressed hunk of a boyfriend. 
The staff got a nice, fat tip, because they were positively PLEASANT, despite the madness of a busy lunchtime crowd. 

A few negatives: 

- I like chairs with backs, I found the stool situation to be a little uncomfortable
- the space is TOOO small! Yes, it's intimate, but I shouldn't have to be grinding with strangers as I wait for seating!
Amazing food. Got the ceviche, patatas bravas and some cocktails and we were very happy campers. Great staff. They manage to create a great atmosphere despite the fact that you're dining in a mall.
Had a very nice lunch here. I believe it was $19 for three courses. Started with lobster gazpacho followed by a very nice salmon entree and a piece of almond cake for desert. Wife had the gazpacho, the chicken and flan. The chicken was very delicious. A great value for lunch in Vegas.
While on a girls' trip to Vegas, we came here to eat - the fact that we could order multiple plates and share them was enticing. We started off with a pitcher of Sangria that was really refreshing. 

For plates, we got the following dishes, and I put them in the order of what I liked the best:
1. short ribs (my favorite but we had 2 orders - 1 fall of the bone amazing, 1 kind of tough)
2. white ceviche
3. stuffed dates
4.  brava potatoes
5. garlic chicken
6. spanish tortilla

Tips/Info:
- Get roughly 2-3 small dishes per person.
- Make a reservation ahead of time
- It's inside ARIA just past the main hotel check-in desk
Tapas bar is trendy and modern.   I am a 61 YO pharmacist and was the oldest person in the dining area.  The hostess stuck us in the far and dark corner of the restaurant but we told her to seat us near the front.  We got a tiny table  which was not big enough for the small plates that were served to patrons. It was like a juggling act.  constantly tried to transfer food from many plates to our very small dinner plate. We had to stack the plates due to lack of table space.  Our server had a slight attitude toward us but just ignored it.  The food looked great but tasted average.  I wish I would have given the $90 to a homeless guy/girl instead of wasting it at the tapas bar.  If you are under 35 yo , I think you will get great service.
Tapas were good.  Definitely would go again.  Really liked the goat cheese lollipops.
The food here is DE-LISH-OUS.

We stumbled upon Julian Serrano after previous dinner plans had fallen through.  They were able to squeeze in our table of 7 without a reservation.

At the bar, they have three types of Sangria, red, white and blush.  Of course, I tried the red sangria which was probably one of the best I've tried.  It was not too sweet which means less of a headache later in the night or in the morning.

Here's what we went with:
      -Octupus:  Octopus on top of potato in a butter paprika sauce
      - Black Rice: Calamari, lobster, sofrito and squid ink
      -Mixed Paella: lobster, chicken, mussels, chorizo, veggies

The tapas where some of the best I've ever had and the Black Rice was the star of the show.  It was so different and so good, I can't think of anything I could compare it to.  The Paella was good, but not great.  I would recommend spending your money on the extensive tapa selection that is available.
Fabulous. Expensive. But fabulous.

We ate here a few weeks ago during a tour of the grand loop. We opted for the early theater menu with wine pairing. Definitely a great experience.

Started with lobster gazpacho (awesome!), and chicken croquettes for the other half. Then salmon for one, pork chop sous vide for the other (both fabulous, pork with dried fruit and some amazing sauce concoction).

Molten chocolate cake was only topped by the santiago cake, both are, like, to die for, so to speak. A well paired glass of wine with each course, the red being the best of the three.

All in all, $39 pre-fixe + $19 wine pairing, you're talking like $150 tax and tip. For a fabulous three course meal and wine in Vegas, I'd say it's not too bad. Friendly service to boot. Definitely a treat.

Thanks for listening!
Delicious food, great atmosphere. It was just loud, we had a hard time hearing one another. Small portions!!!!!
Oh, yum. Everything I had was really tasty! Tapas are usually expensive, so I didn't see this place being that much more expensive than others, but for a few extra dollars you get a lot of flavor. They have a lot of "new" kinds of tapas that are a fusion of other ethnic foods but you also have the traditional spanish tapas such as mussels, gazpacho, and the like. 

What did we get?
Asparagus
Spinach
Chicken croquetas (Don't get this. not worth the money) 
Spanish tortilla
Mussels
White ceviche
Yellow tail dish (it was 3 raw slices of yellow tail that was wrapped around this sauce filled with what they said was "sweet potato haystack"...JUST GET IT.) 
Gazpacho w/ lobster (MY absolute favorite, had this ball that broke open in your mouth that had this super savory broth in it) 
Paella valenciana (for 2)

Oh, and a glass or red wine sangria and a pitcher of sparkling white sangria

Man oh man. Bill turned out to be 212 dollars or so. Not too terrible for a tapas place.

What dishes were the stars in my opinion? 

1. Gazpacho- it was one of the BEST i've ever had. Lobster pieces were BIG too, and that weird sphere thing was tasty! Hard to share, since it's soup, though. BTW it's kinda cute that the waiter warns you that it's a cold soup. I guess people have made that mistake before, but don't get put off by it- it's SUPER refreshing! 

2. White ceviche- ohh...so orgasmically delicious. I wish they would put more taro chips on there with the ceviche...and I wish they would have a separate plating of the chips and ceviche so the chips won't get soggy. 

3. YELLOWTAIL ...it's pricy.. 3 pieces for 16 bucks so it was basically almost a 6 dollar bite you're paying for (plus tax and tip)  ...but it was so worth it. We didn't know it was only 3 pieces or else we wouldn't have gotten it, but if you're a baller...get this dish. it's extravagant, delicious and PERFECT. The best 6 dollars you'll put in yo mouth. 

4. I personally loved the spinach. It might not be worth it to some, but it was cooked great with pine nuts, raisins and apple pieces all lightly sauteed. it was perfect. 

Things that weren't so great: 

1. Mussels: I've had better mussels at other places. These mussels were small, and kind of sad. They all came out luke warm, too. Not that much broth in there either. My favorite mussels are from Cha Cha Cha's in San Francisco. These...just didn't keep up.

2. Croquetas. bleh. I was expecting something else. some other girls in my table liked it but I wasn't impressed especially with the price.

3. Worst was the tortilla. I really, REALLY wanted to like this. They gave you one small slice of an already made portion- I get that part. But I've had and had made spanish tortilla before and I get why it wasn't made to order.  The reason why I didn't say it was that good was because it was way too salty. Across the table, every single person in our party said it was salty...and it was. The texture, the flavor was all really, really nice... it was just the excess salt in the dish that made it not quite as tasty.

Overall, a really nice experience. The paella was good and the portion for 2 people is enough for tapas for 4 or 5 or even more. For 4 girls, we got 2 tapas each and a paella to share and I think that's more than enough. We were stuffed beyond belief. (The waiter said 2-3 tapas per person..but i think you can get away with 1-2..and share a paella) 

The sparkling sangria and the red sangria were both excellent. I'd love to come here again..but I'm ballin' on a budget so if I go to another expensive restaurant it's gonna be at a new one so I can try 'em all.
If you have the chance, eat here. It is the best food I've had for under $60/pp. BY FAR.

We ate at Julian Serrano on a Monday night. We had made a reservation prior to sitting down and only had to wait a few minutes before being seated. We were a large group, so we ordered a lot. I'll go dish-by-dish and tell you what we thought of every item we ordered.

Heirloom Tomato Salad: This was excellent, albeit expensive. It's essentially four tomatoes with a mozzarella ice cream on top (really more like a very creamy mozzarella). It's two bites per piece, but those two bites are absolutely incredible. 9/10.

Steak Tartare: Delicious. The strip of steak tartare is very flavorful, as are the chips on top. The crunch is very nice and really counters the softer texture of the steak well. 9/10.

Yellowtail "Tiradito": Three pieces of yellowtail with sweet potato crisps in the middle. I don't even like sweet potato. But this was the best dish of the night. The fish is magnificently flavorful, and it literally melts in your mouth. If you're going to Julian Serrano, you NEED to get one of these. 10/10.

White Ceviche: There is a but of a spice to this, and the fish is certainly flavorful. It's very good, though not extraordinary. There really isn't anything wrong with it; it just doesn't have the wow factor of the other dishes that we ordered. 7.5/10.

Tuna Carpaccio: The worst of the dishes we ordered. The tuna has a great texture but lacked flavor. It could have used some more seasoning, and the pine nuts and capers don't add much to it. 6/10.

Salmon with Truffle: The salmon is lightly cooked and the truffle sauce is delicious. The proportions of the different components are perfect and the truffle béchamel adds great flavor to the fish. 9/10.

Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas: These were delicious, but I'm not so sure they were worth the price. Still, they were so moist and delicious that I would highly recommend them. 8.5/10.

Spanish Iberico Sliders: Not your everyday sliders. The beef, pork, and onions mix perfectly with the lettuce and tomato, and together they make up the best sliders I've ever eaten. 9.5/10.

Short Ribs: Delicious, melt-in-your-mouth flavor. They are ridiculously flavorful and tender. We ate the short ribs at Aureole the night before, and these were even tastier than the ones at Aureole. Highly recommended, 9.5/10.

Service was consistently great as well, especially for a casual place like Julian Serrano.
Has 1 tv screen.  Full bar n trees with no leaves
Delicious restaurant, everything in Vegas is pricey, but I didn't think it was that bad here. The quality of both food and drinks were worth it. Loved their white sangria!
I am a huge tapas fan.  So of course, I had to take Mom here for her ongoing birthday weekend celebration.  Everything here was perfect -- the decor, the service, and of course, the food!

First of all, the decor is very classy -- fancy yet inviting.  Secondly, the service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive and patient, answering all of my questions and letting us take our time ordering without rushing us at all.  And at the end he even surprised my mom with a birthday dessert!

And finally, the food! Yes, the food... Every dish we ordered tasted so good. Every dish was so pretty, so delicate, and tasted so yummy.  Here's what we ordered:

--Tuna-raspberry skewer: almost too pretty to eat!  But each bite is burst with flavor!
--Stuffed dates: sooo good.  Just the right mix of sweetness and savoriness. And the cheese was blended perfectly with the dates along with the crispy texture of pancetta... Wow, one of the best I've had!
--White ceviche: Wow, the ceviche comes with taro chips!  TARO chips! That was a every pleasant surprise! I love taros!  The fish was fresh and light with just the right amount of tartness..
--Fried calamari: Very crispy but with the perfect amount of batter.  Tasted so light yet so flavorful.
--Pan tomate: Simple dish yet nice blend of toasted bread with tomato sauce and garlic season.. yum!
--Red sangria: One of the best I've had, although I am not much of a drinker :P

--And the complementary birthday dessert! Santiago's Cake:  The subtle nutty flavor of the almond cake and turron ice cream -- OMG sooo good!  And we thought we had no room for dessert! It was too good not to finish... :)

Like I said, it was a perfect meal! I would definitely come here again the next time I am in Vegas!
Had dinner here with the wife and it was amazing. We ordered the following:
Black rice, tuna cones, brava potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, rabo de toro, molten chocolate cake and the churros. Everything we ordered was very good. Would definitely be back the next time we're in town
Pretty darn good. Nothing I didn't like and we had a bunch to eat.  Small but very tasty tapas.  Get a table in the back, the front area isn't that hip but the tables in back with super comfortable chairs were nice.
Easily the BEST tapas restaurant and bar i have ever been to!!

When i found out there was an upscale Spanish Tapas spot in Vegas I was very excited!!

It's located inside the amazing Aria Hotel and Casino.

I am a huge fan of the food, concept and culture. Julian Serrano 110% exceeded my expectations.

The atmosphere was very cool. 

Staff was very friendly, attentive and accommodating.

I ordered the Piquillo Peppers stuffed with Goat Cheese and Mushroom, the Calamari with an incredible Aioli, the Salmon atop a Portabella Mushroom with a Truffle Bechamel, the Chicken Croquet's and the Red Sangria.

I was thoroughly pleased with every dish. The flavors and taste were out of this world!!

The esthetics of the restaurant were very modern. The music played in the background was a hip Spanish style.

I will most definitely return to this restaurant to try the rest of the menu ASAP!!!
I think I would give this place a 2.5
Went here on a weekend awhile ago and it was busy(as expected) and not to mention we had a party of 9 so we were bound to wait. Finally got seated and were given the menu. It was really fun looking at the menu because a lot of things actually sounded really good but I ordered the salmon and the seabass and had a sample of some other stuff like ceviche and mushroom risotto. I thought the mushroom risotto was pretty good but the ceviche was kinda bland. It was refreshing but it fell short. Out of the two fishes I got, I really like the seabass. The salmon wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special. Both the dishes looked really nice though but the seabass was cooked to perfection and it had a really nice crispy skin layer to it which made it mmmm. Get a fork and slice through the fish and get some skin = mmmm goodness. 

I think the things were a bit overprice for how much you're getting and the taste is only decent. I wouldn't really come back as I have had better tapas places. I understand you're suppose to get small quantity but it kinda fell short for me. Service was nice. Maybe its just my opinion of course so if you haven't tried it, you are welcome to. The food was pretty good, I just didn't think it's worth my $.
My husband and I had a late lunch here and it was easily one of the best meals we've had in Vegas.

In total, we ordered the white ceviche, lobster saffron, cheese lollipop, albondigas, spanish iberico sliders, beef and cheese, and seared scallop. Everything was really good. I thought the white ceviche and albondigas were only okay, which surprised me since so many people go crazy over the ceviche in reviews. It actually tasted a little bland to me, but still was very good! Everything else was fantastic and presented beautifully. I was glad it was only me and my husband because we would have been fighting over those dishes if there were more people!

The dishes came out really quickly, and our waiter was attentive. Oddly enough, he seemed very rushed when we came in and almost rude to us taking our initial food and drink order. As we continued to order more food and more drinks, he became quite a bit more friendly and attentive. LOL, funny how that works!

My husband drank Riesling and I had a cherry sort of martini I can't remember the name of. It was really good, not too sweet and a little tart.

Overall, I'd highly recommend this place! Come hungry!
I got upsold by the person who greeted us right after we sat at our table and ordered the paella for 2.  doh!  $45 for paella that had chicken and was not that great at all.  Mistake.

Otherwise, the tapas were good, not great (except for the heirloom tomatoe tapas, that one was sooooo good).  Everything here was good, nothing too impressive and nothing a disapointment, except the paella.
Out of about 10 trips to Vegas, I think I've finally found my favorite LV restaurant in Julian Serrano. After coming here for my 30th birthday dinner (what a great choice upon coincidence) we decided to come back the next night before our red-eye. I'm obsessed with their cheese platter and have found a new favorite cheese with their new monte enebro .. AMAZE.

Mozzarella ice cream? Whaaaaat. I thought my friend was brave to give this "Heirloom Tomato salad" a try, then was overly consumed with jealousy when I tasted it and wished I got one for myself (I got one the next night, don't you worry). This is a dish that proves to have a top-notch chef behind it. So creative, mind-blowing, and just absolutely delicious.

Goat cheese (can you go wrong with anything involving goat cheese?) and tomato marmalade cake... just get it. Like the Mozzarella ice cream, this dish was created by a mastermind. Interesting blend of flavors and textures... you have to try it.

The spanish pizza AKA Coca Vegetarian was alright, but did not compare to my other dishes. I usually avoid all fish in Vegas because it just never seems as fresh as the Boston-right-off-the-water seafood I'm used to. However, I did give the fried fish of the day a try, aka bunuelo, since it's fried I figured how can that go wrong...but as usual it just did not taste right. My boyfriend got a bunch of red meat-related dishes that he loved as well, and my friends all enjoyed the same dishes as I.

Sangria was also unique with a hint of cinnamon. I wish I could make Julian Serrano a regular spot in my rotation, but it will just have to wait til my next trip to Vegas!
We got the beef w iberico pork and caramelized onion slider and it was excellent. I got the mushroom soup which was just OK and a friend got a seafood soup which she said was good. We also got the Mixed Paella which came with half a lobster. It was very good but I think next time I'll get the Paella Valenciana. A bit pricey but if you're staying at the Aria, what the hey.... I would go back for lunch.
Excellent variety of tapas; great service with very tasty and interesting menu selections. Prices were very reasonable; with cocktails and wine, our large party had a great meal and fun experience for under $100 per person.
i totally enjoyed the food here. They have delicious food and sangria
This is what i ordered. 
Short ribs
Stuffed Dates
Pan Tomate
grilled rib eye steak
lobster saffron
yellowtail tiradito
Cannot come to Las Vegas, and not come to my favorite restaurant of all time.

The tapas here will leave you speechless.
Las Vegas has become one of the new food meccas in the world.  This place makes that list.  The food, presentation and quality ingredients will want you coming back for more.

They recommend usually 3-4 tapas per person, well sorry - I had 14 (not including dessert)  
the must haves: 

the fish ceviche
the pulpo
the gambas al ajillo
the beef tartare - was phenomenal
the manchego lollipops
the meatballs
the dates with manchego and tomato marmalade (I would like them better without the marmalade) but that's a personal choice.

The sangria (white, red, bubbly) was some of the best ever.

For dessert - the churros! OMG

you may  have had tapas many times, but not like this... even the ones mentioned above have a special treat, presentation or spin.  you will love. I want more please.
Fantastic food-I found this place through Yelp and am so happy I tried it. The sparkling sangria was light and refreshing. Mixed green salad was pretty standard except for the trio of nuts which made it all the better. Brava potatoes were delish with just the right amount of spice. Ahi tuna cones were great but hard to figure out how to eat gracefully. My favorite part was the spicy lamb meatballs-they were out of this world!! The reason for a 4-star instead of a 5...terrible service. After taking our order we didn't see our server (Name on receipt said Richard L. was our cashier - not sure if that's the server too) again until bill time-others brought our dishes and no one stopped to ask how anything was. No offers to get us another drink, no water refills, nothing. Surprising that such poor service is tolerated in a nice place that is not inexpensive.
This restaurant has a great vibe and vibrant, bright decor that just gives our dining experience a fun feel.  We enjoyed our dinner and tapas, only complaint would be that the food came out way, way too fast.  We sat down at 7ish, ordered soon after (about 5 or 6 different tapas), and by 7:30 or so all of our food had been served.  We hadn't even finished our first glasses of wine yet.  Lesson learned: only order 2 at a time so you can spread out the meal.  We ended up ordering another dish just so we could sit and relax for awhile, and my husband was still hungry.

The food itself was excellent, hence the 4 stars.  Highlights were the lobster gazpacho, Spanish tortilla, ahi tuna tempura, and Spanish iberico sliders. Avocado cannelloni was good but a little rich.  My husband also enjoyed the olives.  For dessert we had the bunuelos (Spanish donuts) with butterscotch and caramel; they were ok, would have been much better with just caramel or dulce de leche, no butterscotch.
Man this place seems to be all hype. The few things we ordered were extremely salty and pricy. The bite size is pretty small, I thought the whole idea behind empanadas were they were to be shared, but the portion size might not satisfy two. In fact we went here to have the paella, I have had paella in Spain and Miami and I really enjoyed it, but the one they serve here was not that great. We left very disappointed, maybe I just walked in on a bad day at the kitchen...
Excellent service, mixed paella totally uninteresting for 50 bucks and luke warm.  Ate here before, pretty much the same mediocre and overpriced food.

Gotta love Vegas, they don't get better just pricier.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE EARLY EVENING DINNER TASTING MENU -- $39/PP

APPETIZER 
- lobster gazpacho | traditional chilled spanish soup with lobster meat
(upon receiving this order .. I thought this was going to be a rich dense soup but it is really light and a nice chill taste. highly recommend this dish as an appetizer)

- stuffed piquillo peppers | goat cheese | mushrooms 
(one of my favorite tapas menu item to order. Nice spice and the goat cheese was cooked to perfection)


ENTRÉE 
- fish | fresh seasonal selection
(fish for the day was a salmon. I usually rarely order something I can make myself at home but the fish was cooked perfectly. nice slice and seasoned well. paired with baby carrots and seasonal vegetables. I would opt for the other items available if possible but still a nice entree)

- pork chop | sous vide pork chop | baby carrots | dry fruit | px demi
(entree is HUGE! might take 3 people to finish this course. the dates and prunes were a great addition to the dish. sauce was amazingly flavorful. a definite try)

DESSERT 
- molten chocolate cake | baked meringue | blood orange sorbet
(best dessert available. blood orange sorbet was beautifully crafted. chocolate cake was so gorgeous)

- santiago's cake | almond cake | turrón ice cream | caramelized nuts 
(server recommended this cake over the the other option. Can't get Turron ice cream like this anywhere.


OVERALL
Julian Serrano is known for his work over at Picasso at the Bellagio. His tapas inspired restaurant at the Aria is bit more casual than his offering at the other hotel. I definitely will be returning to try his popular tapas items. Highly recommend this restaurant to all of my peers visiting in Vegas.
Best tapas place on the Strip...the bathroom intercom also speaks to you in Spanish :) sounds cheesy but it's certainly a quirky add on to this hip spot. Loved every single item we ordered, but the dates are a must-try!
My experience here marks the official end of on-strip dining for me. People who enjoy being ripped off and know nothing of food quality will be pleased with Julian Serrano, but the rest us, who have standards and work hard for our money, will be incredibly disappointed. 

It's hard not be attracted to this restaurant, with it's dazzling modern decor, and long line of people of waiting, you'd think it's a sure thing ... only it's not. My epic fail of a meal started with a $16 lamb chop tapa, which came with 1 lamb chop, ONE, which translates to about 3 bites of food. I get that tapas are small, but for $16, that's roughly $5 a bite! In Spain tapas are either free or extremely cheap, so this is just ridiculous. I also saw a stuffed pepper appetizer come across my table that featured 2 teeny tiny red peppers (about the size of half a crayon each). The tapas I sampled were good, but for those prices, they should have had gold nuggets or loose diamonds in them. 

Next up was paella, at $22 per person, this was literally the most offensively bland dish I have ever had in my life. EVER. And we waited 40 minutes for it! The Chef might as well have come out and openly laughed in my face at that point, because that's how I felt, like a damned fool. Rice-a-roni from a box is exponentially better that this crap. 

Now I know why Julian Serrano is the executive chef at Picasso because no professional chef be would be caught dead at this establishment.
This place is way way too over priced for what it is! The food is not even that good, any novice could make the same dished at home for a 1/4 of the price. Also makes you feel like your dining in the casino lobby, definitely not going back.
With all the amazing places to eat in Vegas, Julian Serrano is not a shining star, but maybe a distant cousin you invite over once in a while.

The food portions are tapas, so smaller but the price of a main entree. If you're awaiting a table else where or just want some snack before the club, this is the perfect spot. 

Recs:
Sangria
Ceviche with taro chips
Bacon wrapped dates.
Great happy hour.
Get the croquetas!
Get the foie gras! Kinda pricey but so, so yummy.
Don't get the potato items! Unless you want filler food! They give so much! And they become filler food! 
Get the drinks during happy hour! They're regularly $14, but half off during happy hour!!!

The dessert menu was seriously the best I've ever seen (according to things I like: flan, almond stuff, ice cream stuff). I wish I had more room in my stomach to eat those desserts. Instead, I will have to try it another time. But seriously, can someone please try the desserts so I can read the wonderful yelp review of them?
I greatly enjoyed this place with my girlfriend. Our idea for coming to Julian Serrano was to eat a lot for a good price, be full, but not too full before our showing of LOVE at the Mirage. We love variety, and Spanish Tapas definitely fell into this category of food exploration.

The ambiance is very open and colorful matching Aria's theme. You aren't locked up in a restaurant, and you hear everything that is going on within Aria. While away from the casino floor itself, you feel like you are in a mild busy cityscape.

We had a early dinner reservation at 4:15PM on a Saturday and the place was not packed at all. We sat down, and pretty much knew what we wanted to order and how we wanted to order it since we did our research on Yelp before coming, so here's the breakdown of how everything was. The order going down is how we ordered with the category that it is in. We went in 3's as the tapas come out very quickly!

1. Tuna Raspberry Skewers - Unique twist on sushi. Square in shape, and eaten like a lollipop, I never thought tuna and raspberries would work, but they do! The tuna was soft, the raspberries sweet, but still tart. The crazy thing is that the raspberry is on the side, and they are filled with wasabi. So you eat the tuna skewer + the raspberry with wasibi, and wala ~ tasty tuna sushi. Rating: 4/5

2. Creamy Risotto - The risotto was cooked perfectly, and the wild mushrooms stood out. The manchego cheese was pungent, but tasty tasty because of it's different texture. Rating: 4/5

3. Stuffed Dates - So good! SOOOOO SOOOOO GOOD! This one stood out for us. The date covered in crispy pancetta with the tomato marmalade stuffed with goat cheese. Melt in your mouth FOODGASM. Rating: 5/5

4. White Ceviche - This was a really zesty and fresh ceviche. The white fish was soft, and the mixture of peppers, red onions, and cilantro gave a good bite. Served with crackers, I felt that there may have been too much lime juice. Rating: 3.5/5

5. Spanish Tortilla - This I felt was a take on breakfast & hashbrowns. While many will say it is nothing special, I am a hashbrown feen, so I found it delicious lol. Rating: 3.5/5

6. Octopus - I've NEVER -- EVER -- EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR had octopus this soft before. It was ridiculous how soft it was. I don't know how they got it like this, but some parts just tasted like bone marrow consistency. With potato & Spanish paprika, it was a simple delight. Rating: 4/5

7. Yellowtail with Yam - The crispy yam made this tapa stand out. For if there was none, it would of just been sashimi, and I wouldn't have paid for it. Fresh fish, crispy sweet yam. A sweet and savory combo that worked. Rating: 3.5/5

8. Lobster Saffron - Half lobster tail, saffron oil, iberian pork, creamy potatoes, asparagus. The lobster was wrapped with the iberian pork. The tail was juicy, the potatoes as well. This felt more like a little entree. While delicious, I'm not sure if it was worth getting. Rating: 3/5

9. Albondigas - Oh fluffy fluffy meatballs. So simple, yet so good. Great light sweet tomato sauce. Succulent juicy meatballs that just melt in your mouth. Potatoes in squares lightly crispy. Can I get a side order of rice to fill my Asian needs, and pasta to fill my love for Italian please? Rating: 4/5

So that was the meal, and as you can see, we ordered a good amount for two people. It filled us, but it didn't overfill us, and that's what we enjoyed. There was nothing bad about the meal, and everything was prepared well. For the price, some may question it, but it's Vegas. I would complain if the food was horrible, but it simply wasn't. You can go ahead and spend $60-80 on a piece of steak medium rare, or come here and experience more for your money! Julian Serrano gets 4.5/5 from me! I may get adventurous next time around and eat things that Yelp has yet to see from here.
On a Thursday night at 7:15 pm, this restaurant was packed, but without a reservation, we were able to get seated immediately.  Julian Serrano's Picasso is one of our favorite Las Vegas dining treats, and we expected his signature tapas restaurant to live up to his reputation.  Unfortunately, we didn't have that same experience. First off, let me say that in a way comparing Julian Serrano to Picasso is like comparing apples and oranges . . . two totally different types of food, different dining styles, etc., but one would expect that the quality and service for each respective restaurant would be of the same caliber. This was certainly not the case.

Fortunately, we had a lovely couple seated at the table next to us who were very familiar with the tapas style. The own a Mexican restaurant in Texas. They were almost finished with their meal when we were seated, so we were able to ask them about their choices. According to them, they ordered half the menu just to taste everything!  We started with the Yellowtail "Tiradito" (sliced yellowtail with sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream and ponzu sauce. It was a hit . . . We followed that with the Black Pig Pintxo (Iberian pork shoulder meat with caramelized onion). It was divine! As our main course we ordered the Mixed Paella which serves at least two -- mistake!  Our waiter had emphasized to "order the paella with your appetizers because it takes 40 minutes to prepare".  Imagine our surprise wWhen he brought it to the table BEFORE our appetizers; his excuse was that they had a large party and had already prepared enough in advance. I asked them to take it back so that we could eat our food in the order in which it was intended. When the paella did arrive, it must have been the same one he brought out 30 minutes prior. The rice was dry, the lobster chewy, the mussels over cooked . . . the only tasty thing among the ingredients was the Spanish pork chorizo that brought a little flavor to the dish. Seriously a miss!

Hubby ordered the pistachio dessert and said it was heavenly . . . so maybe consider coming her for dessert and coffee instead.  One five star element was the Drunken Cherry cocktail I ordered. It was one of the best cocktails I have ever had -- Effen Cherry vodka, acai, pomegranite and lime with a garnish of Spanish cherries soaked in brandy. Our waiter redeemed himself when he asked if he could bring me dessert, and I said, I'd love a few more of those cherries . . . and he brought a plateful! 

I wouldn't say we had a bad experience here, just not as good as we expected.  Funny how the last two restaurants I've reviewed are sister restaurants of two of our Bellagio faves, and the Bellagio outlets are far superior!
I tend to think when I go to high end Las Vegas restaurants, you know what you're getting yourself into. High price, low quantity.  I guess it's just not my scene.  There are exceptions where I think the food is worth it, but this one is not it.

I came for lunch and that was that.  However, one thing I can say is service was very good.  Excellent wait staff and very friendly.
Had their prix fixe menu: stuffed peppers, pork chops, dessert. It was all very good and reasonably priced. Our server was very good and I liked the decor.
Having recently come back from Spain earlier this summer, I was anxious to try out Julian Serrano Tapas. I made reservations a day beforehand for an early dinner around 5pm since my group had to catch Mystere at T.I. for the 7pm showing. The reservation was not necessary. In general, whenever I walked by this restaurant throughout the day, it did not appear to be crowded, so I do not believe you really need a reservation. 

My group decided to order many items off of the Happy Hour menu. I believe Happy Hour goes from 4-5:30pm everyday. I ordered the sparkling sangria, which was very refreshing. Others in my group ordered the red wine and red sangria, and they seemed to enjoy it. For the food, we ordered the spanish tortilla (my favorite), brava potatoes, tuna-raspberry skewer, spanish iberico sliders, and bomba. I really liked the bravas and the spanish tortilla. Very reminiscent of the ones I had in Barcelona. The tuna-raspberry skewer was different. I didn't find it amazing, but it wasn't bad. The bomba was good. It's a fried meatball of veal & pork tenderloin. Very spicy indeed. I was not a fan of the spanish iberico sliders. It was tasty, but very very greasy and oily.

Service was good. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. He was aware that we had to catch a show, so he came back frequently to ask us if we wanted him to put in another order. 

I would love to try the paella sometime here when I have time to dine without any constraints. (The menu says to give 40 minutes for the paella)
My family and I dined here for tapas. At first we were worried that the kids might not have anything to eat here. But everybody loved what they ordered. Price is reasonable. We would come here again next time we're in Vegas. If you have to order Paella, order it ahead of time while waiting for your table since it takes about 30 min to prepare. It will cut down on your waiting time.. Paella is good for 2 people if that's the only thing you're ordering but if you have tapas on the side, 3-4 people can actually share it.. Great service too.
Delicious tapas, but the paella needed some work.

I came here last year with some girlfriends and we had a delicious dinner of a variety of tapas. Because of my past dining experience, I made another reservation for my birthday dinner this past weekend. 

As I remembered, the tapas were delicious. We had the albondigas, ahi tempura, and the yellowtail with jalapeno. All were super flavorful and tasty. We also ordered the seafood paella and added shrimp. For a $60 dish, I expect to be blown away. But, the paella was really al dente - almost crunchy. The seafood was good, but not great. About half the mussels didn't open up either, so I was sure to discard them. 

I would definitely go back again for tapas, but I'm steering clear of the paellas.
I really enjoyed my meal here!!  I'd say it's in my top 5 of Vegas restaurants. 


Stuffed Dates - 5/5 - must get these so delicious!!

Short ribs 5/5 - tender and flavorful!

White ceviche 4/5 - large pieces and is lightly seasoned wish it had more kick

Seared scallops  5/5 - I love scallops!! Too bad they weren't a little bigger, but was cooked perfectly 

Beef and cheese 3/5 - did not like the texture of the meat and did not like the combo with the cheese and walnuts and honey

Creamy risotto 4/5 - wish the rice was just a tad softer and less salty as it was verry salty

Churro 3/5 - I think I was hoping it would taste like the Disneyland churros but it's just lightly sugared fried dough you dip in chocolate sauce, much more authentic I'm sure

The sliders looked good but I didn't get to try it. The sangria was good.

Can't wait to go back!!
Swanky tapas, Vegas style!  Who doesn't like the sound of that?

I certainly don't, so that's why I made a beeline to Julian Serrano for my first night's dinner on the Strip.

First of all, Chef Julian Serrano's eponymous restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  It overflows with bold, colorful tile that's a feast for the eyes.  It's also *very* loud in there, since it's directly adjacent to the Aria resort lobby, a mere feet from hordes of tired hotel guests checking in and out.  And, no, there are no walls to keep out the hubbub.

After taking a seat at the long, comfortably, and classy bar, I was quickly helped by one of the friendly and efficiently bartenders.  After ordering a glass of Sauvignon blanc to whet the palate, I browsed the mouthwatering -- and **long** -- menu of tapas options.  The menu is nicely organized into fish/ceviche, veggie, and meat/poultry tapas, making it easy to navigate.  There's also a catch-all "new style" tapas category, as well as paellas and "platos grandes" for those of you with larger appetites.

Four items were just enough to fill the belly without making me uncomfortably full.  Here's the rundown of what I tried:

1.  White ceviche.  Everyone knows I love a good ceviche, and this one was a knockout.  The white fish was tender and flaky, with just the right amount of heat and tang from the lime and cilantro.

2.  Brava potatoes.  This dish was a little less exciting than I thought it would be -- it's essentially just fries with aioli.  That said, the flavors were excellent.  There's a *lot* of aioli provided, so I ended up taking the excess off to prevent the potatoes from getting soft.  I did enjoy eating the potatoes with the little skewers provided.

3.  Tuna cones.  This dish was the weirdest and also my least favorite.  It consisted of 3 wantons (rolled into ice cream cones), which were filled with avocado, and then ahi tartare and aioli on top.  Again, my issue was the overabundance of aioli, which overwhelmed everything else.  I couldn't taste the tuna at all.

4.  Santiago's cake.  This was an almond cake dusted with powdered sugar, with a side of almond ice cream.  Simple but very well done.  My only gripe was that the cake was a little dry, but this was remedied by letting the ice cream melt all over it.  

All in all, Julian Serrano was a great dinner, although the little hiccups along the way make me hesitant about rushing back.  After all, you're paying Vegas Strip prices here (most tapas are in the $10-15 range, but some are more), so you tend to expect perfection for your buck.

That said, with all the amazing options on Julian Serrano's menu, it'd be hard to resist the temptation to try them all.  =)
Awesome Tapas dinner last night!!  Here's the rundown of all the deliciousness my friend and I tried:

Goat cheese tomato marmalade cake, beef & cheese, calamari a la Plancha, tuna cones, creamy mushroom risotto, stuffed piquillo peppers, pan tomate and the chicken croquetas!!  

Order any and/or all of the above and you will be a happy camper!  There is nothing we were disappointed with nor would have ordered differently.  Our waiter was great too- we thank him very much for recommending the red sangria, however, the pitcher is huge and even though it is perhaps a Vegas "bargain" at $42, it is quite excessive for only two ladies.  Save it for a bigger group and order by the glass if there are less than 3 ppl, unless you are a lush.
Good food. Exceptional service!

I miss foie gras. Therefore, you can imagine how thrilled I was when I perused the menu at Julian Serrano and found that it was offered as a tapas dish for $20!

I received a generously thick slice, seared to perfection, and beautifully presented atop a toasted brioche. Delicious!

I was so delighted that I returned the next day with 4 of my girls who were also excited about the foie gras. When we received our plates, everyone was happy...except me. Where everyone else had gotten a repeat of the lovely foie gras dish I had received the day prior, mine looked like a burnt, shriveled up piece of unrecognizable offal placed on a piece of bread. I hemmed and hawed about whether or not I should suck it up and eat the damn thing, or speak to management about the difference between my dish and everyone else's. In the end, I opted to speak up because I was paying the same amount as everyone else and felt I deserved the same quality.

The staff was very sweet and the manager was quick to have my dish taken back and replaced with something that more closely resembled what I had in mind. I felt that they handled the situation very graciously and professionally which really enhanced our dining experience.

The foie gras was obviously the star of the show, but we also enjoyed the oxtail, salmon with truffle, garlic chicken, ahi tuna tartar cones, and poached lobster...among the many dishes we ordered. There were too many things to try, the tapas menu was vast to the point of being overwhelming! They also carry a nice selection of cocktails and wines.
*** REVIEW IS FOR LV RESTAURANT WEEK 2013 ***

I have been meaning to visit Julian Serrano for awhile. After all, for all food connoisseurs in Las Vegas, surely Julian Serrano must be somewhere on their list. Tucked away inside the alluring Aria by the front desk, yet ever so far away from parking garage is this spot of expensive tapas paradise. To be of note - it IS a tapas place, hence why I haven't been on pins and needles trying to come here. Always in the back of my mind was the voice saying, "So expensive for just tapas! Just go to Firefly instead!"

Luckily LVRW2013 has rolled around and I enjoyed a meal here with friends on a Tuesday night at 6:30 PM. Before being seated my friend and I ordered cocktails at the bar (all $14). I tried a fruity type drink that provided a nice start to my meal. Not too sweet, not too alcoholy, but still pretty steep in price. After drinks we were seated in the dining area further back, which is nice since it is over carpet, which brings the sound of the clacking of feet down to a minimum and it also hides your table from the casino. Chairs are plush and comfortable, lighting is perfect, and the ambiance is classy. 

Service was excellent. Our server was prompt, kept our drinks filled, and in general was a very courteous gentleman. I ordered a chardonnay from the Bordeaux region of France ($16). A lovely wine indeed and of the two options (another which was from California) I am glad I splurged. Worth every drop.  

On to the food...

Chicken Croquetas - Simple yet tasty is the best way to describe these. The dish is not the most pleasant to look at, but the taste was deliciously fried on the outside and creamy on the inside.

Salmon (with mashed potatoes and baby carrots) - The main dish is what let me down and which brought down my rating. The salmon was cooked well enough, but the portion size was disappointing. My friend got the chicken and after seeing her dish I was wishing for chicken. Also, the horseradish cream served on the side of the salmon just did not go well with the fish, to me personally. I am wishing now someone else in my party had wanted to do the paella, but in order to have that option you must have more than one person ordering the dish. *womp womp*

Molten Chocolate Cake and Blood Orange Ice Cream - I do love blood orange ice cream and sorbet and this one was refreshing to have with the very decadent and very good chocolate cake. If anything, this may have been my favorite part of the dining experience, coming in second to the glass of chardonnay.

Overall - I realize I am reviewing the LVRW2013 menu, but even so, this food reflects the establishment. I think the big thing was how flat the salmon fell for me. After all, it was my main dish. While the other items were good I believe they should have been better considering the establishment. 

Would I be back? I would try happy hour. I would even go back for a birthday party I was invited to here... or some other special event. BUT, I do not believe I would come back for a full-out full-priced meal.
Had dinner here a few nights ago. Everything was outstanding! The stuffed dates and iberico sliders were awesome. Also the sommelier was very helpful.
I'm coming off of a yelp hiatus to write this review! We went here last Friday for my friend's bachelorette dinner and it was absolutely amazing to say the least. Everything we had was amazing. We had the ceviche and it was hands down the best I've ever had. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The service was exceptional as well, the manager even came by and gave our party some desserts. Loved the ambiance and everything about this place. Will definitely be back when in Vegas!
While visiting Las Vegas and staying at nearby Vdara, we decided to have dinner here as it was listed as $$ which was important as we had already spent a lot of money.  The food was fantastic and in spite of the location being right near the casino, it was lively and had great décor.  As the food is "small plates", we had Kale Salad, Bravas Potatoes, Asparagus, Chicken Croquettes and Beef/Pork Sliders.  They asked if we wanted them spread out or all at once and we chose to have one at a time.  Each dish was perfectly sized for two people to share and we were stuffed by the time we were done, unfortunately leaving no room for dessert.
I am a big fan of Julian Serrano's food!  So many wonderfully authentic dishes, and several amazing options.

My only qualm is that It is on the Strip and you are paying for that fact with your wallet whenever you come here...still if not for the Strip we would not have the vast culinary options that we do in Vegas, so I can't really hate on that.

The ambiance is on par with other eateries in the Aria, and what you would expect from that type of property.

As tapas go, there is nowhere else in Vegas I would rather go.  It is hard to go wrong with options here.  The one thing to keep in mind is that lots of the items are made in a traditional Spanish style...dome may throw the casual diner for a loop (ie chilled Lobster Gazpacho.)

I also love their selection of Sherry.  Not much more traditional to drink with Spanish food that a Spanish Sherry.  ...and so many options are affordable and are incredibly food friendly!  I'm not recommending that you experiment here, but if you want a nice selection of Sherry, Julian's is your place.
Julian Serrano Tapas is conveniently located at Aria by The Crystals. It is a beautiful restaurant; my parents and I love the atmosphere and decor. The place is so huge that I don't think it is necessary to make a reservation but don't take my word for it. I like tapas because they are small and tasty. Tapas at JS were exactly that. They are fairly expensive though. So if you are really hungry I suggest you go somewhere else or be okay to spend a lot of money at this place. Desserts were amazing. Our waiter recommended 'Bunuelos'; 5 stars! We also treated ourselves to 'Santiago's cake'; divine! All in all great restaurant, great food, awesome service, yet think twice if you're on a budget.
I was in Las Vegas for work and looking for places to eat that were good but not too expensive and I came across Julian Serrano in the Aria Hotel.  I took a seat at the bar and had a wonderful meal.  I started off with a Spanish beer which they had to make sure they had and luckily they did as it was great.

For my meal, I got the white ceviche which was so good and really had a kick.  So stay away if you're afraid of that but otherwise embrace it because it's amazing.  I also had the sliders.  It came with two of them and I wanted three because they were so good.

Highly recommended spot in Vegas.
Good food - slightly excessive pricing, but it's what you'd expect for tapas on the strip.  I liked the Sangria and was impressed that they had a gluten free menu.  Tapas are, however, meant for sharing...so when you go with a group of 6, just know that you need to order 2 of each item, so each of you can try a bite.

I'd go back if someone was buying me dinner or I could comp the meal.  Otherwise, I'd go to Firefly.
My friend and I shared potatoes bravas, chicken croquetas, and creamy risotto.  The food was  delicious, but on the expensive side for tapas.  I know it's Vegas and that's expected.  We also shared the red sangria pitcher which was pretty big for the value.  Would definitely come back.
This is a wonderful and a competent restaurant with great food and a very competent staff. The best part is that one does not get "sticker shock" when handed the bill. We had a wonderful meal at a very reasonable price.
Went here with another couple during our recent trip to Las Vegas. I have always enjoys Spanish tapas and was lured by the extensive menu at Julian Serrano. We had been spending some time walking along the strip and went to the restaurant around 8 PM on a Friday night without a reservation. Luckily they were able to seat us right away at a "high-top" bar table, which was in a cool spot near the kitchen so we could see all the plates coming out. Our server was prompt and polite, and the wine and drink list is nicely organized on an i-pad for easy browsing.

We shared a bunch of small plates for the table, all of which were nicely presented and very tasty:

mixed seafood ceviche
| shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice: 4.5/5 - very bright flavors with nice acidity and a bit of heat. Seafood was perfectly tender

gambas
| sautéed shrimp | garlic | arbol chilis - 5/5 - amazingly succulent, tomato-garlic broth was addictive

fresh calamari a la plancha
| lemon parsley e.v.o.o. | caramelized onions - 5/5 - star of the night - grilled calamari was so tender and flavorful - we ordered a second plate!

monkfish and pisto
| seared monkfish | eggplant | zucchini | tomato - 4/5 - very moist with a good crsip sear - lots of fresh paprika flavor - wish it were bigger

sautéed baby spinach
| pine nuts | raisins | apple | shallots - 3/5 - well prepared but not overly interesting - though we ordered it without the nuts and raisins because of allergy. the crunch of pine nuts would likely have made it more well rounded.

cheese lollipop
| herb bread crumb | manchego cheese | red wine poached pear - 4.5/5 - little bite of crispy cheesy goodness - crunch on outside and fluffy creaminess inside. A touch of mint leaf added a nice pop.

spanish iberico sliders
| prime beef | iberian pork | caramelized onions - 5/5 - super moist, salty goodness. One of the best burger bites I have ever had

creamy risotto
| wild mushroom | aged manchego cheese - 4/5 - very good mushroom risotto


Everything was really good. Would not get the spinach again. There are a ton of other veggie options that looked good though, so there is plenty for non-meat eaters.

Would love to go again and try more tapas!
Came here on a recommendation of a client of mine who tends to be fairly particular (in a good way) about what she likes. So I thought it has to at least be decent! Right? Well let me tell you I am Spanish... I have lived in San Diego California since I was 9 and have NEVER found a tapas restaurant I cared for. Eating the food at Julian Serrano took me back to my child hood. The food was authentic with a modern twist! So creative.. GREAT SERVICE!! Will make this place a must go to for every Vegas visit!! Would highly recommend trying a little bit of everything
I hate to be the kill joy of all those beautiful review writers but .. I am not a tourist. I live here. I go to those places several times in a year. What I noticed is that they all start beautifully and slowly go down to become a so-so or ok restaurant. I am so sick and tired of those wannabe so called "high class" restaurants with excellent food that whip you with high prices and have mediocre waiters. Went last night, had a bottle of champagne. Started well. Wine guy served it well... then came that girl... and as always, attitude. Called her attention once (thought she was free but, she was actually still in the process to pour water to a table nearby), "Miss please', and she gave me the "how do you dare call me why I am in the middle of something" look, showing the palm of her hand as a "wait" , "hitlerian" style.. how about "just a minute" with a smile and just her index up? Ordered Serrano ham, then came lobster saffron.. She didn't change plates. ate my lobster in my ham plate. I would expect a little more attention to details when paying 19 bucks for 3 slices of ham... now serving champagne wasn't an issue. I had to stop her once since we hadn't touched yet the previous pouring.. then had 2 more tapas.. plates was changed this time.. then she came and asked me if I wanted a "fresh" plate.. good... except that I had nothing else coming. Then came the bill, I paid, gave her an undeserved 20 bucks and we left. She was right there, passed by her, she looked up at me , not a smile or  "thank you for coming" or "have a good evening", you know, the kind of things humans say to customers... I made sure to let the hostess know since there were no "obvious" manager minding the business... result: NO MAS. AMERICAN FISH was my first choice... I should have stuck to it because their service or their food is way superior.... The End.
It was okay. Not the best, not the worst.  I was expecting something nicer.  I found that most of the tapas were too salty.
Question:  Is tapas Spanish for diarrhea?  Terrible experience.  Charged for bar nuts and seeded olives.  Awful servicer, recommended shittiest items (assuming) on the menu.  Chef ran out of all seasoning and herbs other than salt.  Charged for extra order of bone-in ceviche which was not requested.  Misery of experience long lasting.  Save yourself discomfort and dine at Sage, directly across the hall.
Ate here as a solo diner at the bar. Premo the bartender was phenomenal, although he made me a drink he assured me I'd "love" but I wasn't overly enamored with. 

The food came out freakishly fast. I guess that's good if you're not trying to make a night of it but I can see that being a little irritating if you are with friends. 

I ordered the lobster gazpacho. I love gazpacho and this is really one of the best I've had. The lobster really works and isn't overpowering. 

Next I had tuna rice and raspberry concoction. I was pretty skeptical that I'd enjoy this but I was just floored. Probably one of the most memorable things I've eaten in a long while, highly recommend this. The raspberry worked PERFECTLY with the tuna and rice, it was like they were always meant to be together. 

Next I had the white fish ceviche. I was really looking forward to this but I found it a little too salty.  Definitely edible, but not the best ceviche I've had. 

Next had the anchovy on some toasted bread. Very delish. Wolfed it down so fast I can't really remember the details!

Also ordered some olives at this point which were ok if you are into that sort of thing. Nothing new here. 

Finally I had the oxtail and pork with mashed potatoes. Wow!!!  Talk about flavor.  This was just phenomenal in terms of texture and sheer deliciousness. 

Overall the food makes this an easy 5/5 experience. The price is a little higher than your typical tapas/small plate restaurant but I didn't think it was a ripoff by any means.
There isn't much to say for this, other than you will find all your typical tapas menu items and they're all really good.  It comes out quickly and it tastes good.  Two things I will point out though.

One is that the chicken croquettes are excellent, and not at all what I was expecting.  It's crispy and firm, but when you bite into it's like you just had a spoonful of soup.  It's was surprising for the first bite, as it is creamy and does not have the solid consistency you expect when you bit into it, but once you accept the oddity of it, it's really good.  

Two is that the sangria is really, really good.  Get the one with champagne in it.
We had a very good meal. Everything was at least "good" if not "very good". Service was excellent. Menu is varied. The price was reasonable. I think we shared 12 plates, 2 drinks, and 3 desserts for $230. We were stuffed by the end.
Came here Saturday night for my sisters bachelorette party. The service was excellent, food was yummy and the whole experience was top notch. We sampled all sorts of yummy stuff - my favorite was the mixed seafood ceviche and the lamb special. The prices were not too outrageous considering the location and when a dish we ordered arrived super late after we had already finished eating the server graciously took it off our bill. I would highly recommend this place, you can't go wrong, it was delicious and super fun inside.
This place, with the food and service, deserves 5 stars!
Julian Serrano Tapas is an excellent restaurant inside Aria. The staff is extremely friendly and the food is delicious. The menu is filled with classic Spanish fare. Our party truly enjoyed the Valenciana tapas as well as the ahi tuna tempura.
Loved this place. Fun, inventive tapas, great drinks and our server, Chelsea was really helpful. A must if I go back to Vegas any time soon! We tried about 8 different tapas...way more than we should have, but they were so good we wanted them to just keep coming! The raspberry tuna one was amazing. Other standouts were the mixed seafood ceviche, black rice and stuffed piquillo peppers. I can't say enough good things!
This was my second tapas place to visit in Las Vegas. 

The food was ok, nothing really stood out other than the paella. It was a 40 minute wait, but worth it to try at least once!

The service was top notch, from the moment you walk thru the entrance to the wait staff, manager, everyone made you feel welcome. 

The price, OH THE PRICE!   Only complaint I would say.  The entire menu is seriously over priced, even by Las Vegas Strip standards. It's the reason it will not be coming back. There are far better places to go for tapas on the Vegas strip for a better price & value. And important a better selection.

The atmosphere is great!  Plenty of light, open, not stuff. It has a bar area as well. The noise level is on the average. And the place is clean, they did a pretty good job clearing the table as you was done.  

All in all, I thought this place was OK at best.  But there are much much better places to visit.
Good sangria, great selection of tapas, fun ambiance & great service.
 Highlights: mixed cerviche, pata negra ham, heirloom tomato w/ mozz ice cream,  gambas (best i've had!)
 *allergen menu available 
 *open for lunch
Hmmm maybe coming back from Spain I have a higher bar for Spanish tapas, but to be honest I feel Alta in New York has better tapas than this place! With so many other choices for food in Vegas, I don't think I'll be coming back here any time soon. 

I have no complaints with the service which was impeccable! The moment you walk into the restaurant they make sure that your every need is attended to. My mom is allergic to eggs and I appreciated the fact that they made sure that none of the dishes we ordered had any egg in them. Service is 5 stars!

Ambiance is also wonderful! It's cozy yet classy. Price on the other hand not so wonderful, beware it is super duper expensive! It is overpriced by Vegas or NYC standards so, if you're on a budget, this is not the place to be. 

Now on to the food....I found the food to be uninspiring. The brava potatoes which are hard to mess up....were bland and had way too much sauce on them...so disappointing. Stuffed piquillo peppers...full of oil! Arroz vegetariano....alright, but nothing special. The chicken sandwich.....again nothing to write home about. Overall the food was just eh...

If in Vegas...skip this restaurant and save yourself some money and instead go down to the Wynn where the restaurants are much better!
On my recent trip to Vegas, I brought my husband to Julian Serrano for their happy hour. The happy hour runs Sunday - Thursday from 4-5:30 pm. Yes it's a bit early, but completely worth it. We went on Sunday and got there slightly after 4 pm. The restaurant was pretty empty, so it was no problem getting two seats at the bar.

We enjoyed the white sangria for $4.50 per glass (red and sparkling sangria will run you $5) as well as a ton of food that cost between $3.50 - $7.00. We enjoyed the spanish tortilla, brava potatoes, pan tomate, fried calamari, and the stuffed dates from the happy hour menu. We also ordered the scallops from the regular menu. Just like my last visit to Julian Serrano, our scallops were cooked to absolute perfection and melted in my mouth. It was truly the highlight of our meal. Everything else was good, although none of it was better than what I have had at other tapas restaurants.

If you don't want to blow your wallet on eating and drinking, I highly recommend checking out this happy hour!
I went here last weekend for my cousin's bachelorette dinner.  It's a tapas place situated within the Aria hotel.  The restaurant's interior design is modern and chic revolving the theme colors black and red.  Our servers were attentive and friendly.  As for their food, I thought it was amazing, but the portion (given that it's a tapas place) wasn't all the fulfilling to satisfy seven girls.  On the bright side, we got to try different dishes.  Among those dishes that we ordered, my favorite ones have to be the braised oxtails, mushroom risotto, and fries topped with a fried egg and sausages.  We also got a pitcher of sangria.  My cousin got buzzing a little from eating the pieces of fruits that were heavily saturated with alcohol.  Overall, it was a nice experience at this place but pricey considering the small portions they served.  Each dish is roughly $13-19 on average I think, but then again it's Vegas so I guess that is normal.  Would I come back here again? Hmm...Yes but only  if I win lots of $ at the craps table.
After doing some research, my husband and I picked this restaurant for dinner. We enjoyed our meal. Everything was delicious! 

Since it is tapas, there are tons of things on the menu. We were a bit overwhelmed and didn't know what to pick. Thanks to our waiter. He gave us some really good suggestion. 

Here are the things that we ordered: 
1. TUNA-RASPBERRY SKEWER - beautiful presentation, refreshing. The sesame crust gave the tuna some really good texture. Unique dish. 

2. AVOCADO CANNELLONI - OH MY!!!! This was our favorite dish! When you look at it, it doesn't have the "wow" effect. But wait until you taste it! It is amazing! Who knew seaweed would have that much flavors! I wish I can eat this all day. 

3. White ceviche - Good, but not mind-blowing. It is a ceviche after all. Like the taro chips though.

4. FRESH CALAMARI A LA PLANCHA - 2nd favorite of the night! Tender calamari with tons of flavors. Great pair with the sweet caramelized onions. Very satisfying! Almost need a 2nd order!

5. Monkfish and pisto - Fish was seared crispy on the outside and cooked perfect. Really like the eggplant, zucchini and tomatoes. Good dish. 

6. Traditional spanish chicken croquetas - Crispy crust with creamy chicken bechamel filling. Pretty good, but not incredible. 

7. BEEF AND CHEESE - Interesting flavors. Beef was juicy and tender. Went so well with the sweet honey, creamy cheese and crunchy walnuts. 

8. Iberico black pig ribs - Thought we would love it. Flavors were good. But we ended up thinking the dish was on the heavy side. 

9. Churros - Not impressed. They ran out buñuelos, so we got churros. We have no idea what real churros taste like. Maybe Disney's churros have turned into the standard of churros. Anyhow, we didn't like it. I felt that the churros were too thin and over-fried. The chocolate dipping was nice. 

We were hungry, so we ordered that many things. Our bill was about $140 without taxes and tips. But I think 7 - 8 dishes would be fine for 2. Overall, service was great and fast. Food was tasty. We look forward to come back one day when we are in town.
First time a tapas restaurant and loved it. The food came out at a steady pace never leaving the table empty. The combination of flavors were amazing and the portions were perfect for sharing with my husband. The only thing I could possibly complain about is the drink menu is not with the regular menu when you sit down. You have to wait for the server to bring it.
Extraordinarily good. Make no mistake. These are smaller tapas and pricey. But quality of ingredients is first rate. High end presentation and plating. Lively and hip atmosphere. Highlight were the avocado n salmon n seaweed canneloni, the filet on crostini with walnuts, honey n goat cheese, the kale n mixed green salads and the arroz con leche. Friendly and warm service at the bar by David. Return Ratio= 100pct
My favorite part of the meal was the Agua de Serrano, an awesome alcoholic drink that I am still craving. The ambience was alright for a big restaurant on the strip; it's not billing itself as fine dining, and the restaurant reflects exactly what it is--a place to get a quick bite before you head off and do other things.

The portions were HUGE for tapas. I guess that they've had too many tourists who don't know that tapas are meant to be small plates. I am not complaining, but I have just never seen such large portions at a tapas place. The patatas bravas were good, though I again found that they must have been bowing to an uneducated public by calling them by the Americanized "brava potatoes." I liked the pan tomate well enough. The dish that was a huge miss for me, however, was the vegetable paella. Not only was it just not good, but it actually tasted kind of meaty. When I asked the manager, he said that that was the saffron and that saffron just tastes meaty. I cook with saffron a lot, and that's just not true. Besides which, vegetarians don't like the taste of meat, so they really should have gone with a better flavor profile. Apart from the bites of the dish that tasted meaty, however, it was flavorless. Just not a good dish.

Still, I thought that the manager was respectful of my comments and listened to my concerns. I also saw him be particularly gracious with a crazy woman who seemed like she was just out for a free meal, so props to him on remaining courteous in a difficult situation. 

So all in all, I give the drinks and service 5 stars but the ambience and the food get 3 stars.
Everything we had was incredible; very conveniently located in the entrance of Aria
Recently patronized this establishment. Was. Nice place, the sangria was good as was the stuffed dates. Actually the stuffed dates were so amazing we had to do 2 orders. That's really about the only 2 things that really stood out, the portions were very small an while the Waite staff was good they took a half full glass of sangria from me. That is nearly an unforgivable sin. All in all still worth going and would recommend but probably won't go back even for the dates or sangria.
I joined Yelp specifically to review this place. Yelpers have helped me out quite a few times, so I found it necessary to write this review because I chose to go there specifically on the recommendation of the yelpers. I was there last Saturday for dinner with my Gma. We only did small plates, having six different selections.

5 star food
-Mushroom risotto- I could've eaten a giant bowl of this. Absolutely PHENOMENAL!
-Garlic chicken thighs-crispy skin on the outside, nice and moist chicken on the inside.

4.5 star food
-Stuffed dates- great play on sweet and salty, just wished there were more than. 3 on the plate. I get the small plates concept, but compared to the huevos, three small dates seems skimpy.

4 star food
-Huevos estrellados- really great flavor, just a little too greasy.
-Iberico sliders- nice sliders, but for the best ham and beef on the market, I wasn't blown away.

3.5 star food
-Lobster salad- GORGEOUS presentation, nice vinaigrette, lobster was slightly overcooked. 

Honestly, I'd give it a 4.5 overall but since half stars aren't possible, I'm rounding up :) Definitely will head back here next time I'm in Vegas!
Delicious flavors but these tapas can definitely add up so choose items that will fill you up! Definitely a tapas place, not really made to eat for a full lunch. 

Octopus: worth a try if you are looking to try something different, great texture and mix of spices to go with
Ahi Tuna Tempura: just OK, ahi tuna is a staple at other fancy restaurants and this just wasn't as good, probably a pass if you go here
Grilled Lamb Chop: so delicious you will be licking the bone for sure! be aware that yes, it is only one chop :(
Creamy Risotto: definitely filling and delicious, for the cheese lover in you :) 

Our service could have been a little better, however we did meet a friendly bartender that changed our minds a bit. It has a really ideal location as you are entering ARIA, I'd recommend this place as a fancy snack if you are looking to spend some of your extra winnings from the slots :)
I highly recommend this to place to other tapas lovers. We had a 50 dollar dinning credit for Aria and picked the best reviewed restaurant here. We spent well over that and it was worth it! 

We began our meal with a their version of sangria made with Spumante, (usually red or white wine is used) but it I was excited as it had my favorite kind of champagne. Sweet, fruity and not overly dry. It was light and refreshing but contained very little fruit perhaps due to being served in a small champagne flutes. The tuna tar tare cones were amazing! The light and airy crunchy cones they came in provided for a wonder contrast with the tuna which melted in our mouths. The dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with goat cheese, were phenomenal as were and the breaded manchego cheese pops. Whitefish ceviche was yum but we wished there were more taro chips to go with it. Yellowtail was just eh. 

We finished up the meal with simple but delicious donut holes with butterscotch sauce and a very nice port wine. It was a perfect combination and end to a superb meal. Our server Donovan provided excellent service and was very attentive yet unobtrusive. He provided wonderful descriptions of items offered and he was very helpful with recommendations when we had questions on what was best to order.
I don't know about everyone else, but I don't tend to lean towards latin flavors when I come to Vegas. Straying away from burgers and buffets, I decided to try out Julian Serrano and if you're looking for some latin spice, this is definitely a place to check out.

The Place -
Julian Serrano is located inside the Aria and very easy to find. Located on the first floor next to the check-in area of the Aria, Julian Serrano is known for it's latin inspired menu with an upscale twist. The place itself is very open and by, no means, in a separate building or room. The restaurant blends very seamlessly with the main lobby of the hotel and can attract many guests as this is something they see first upon entering the Aria. The place is bright and, obviously, has a lot of latin-inspired decor. The bar is a VERY good size as it seems to wrap around the entire entry way. In addition to that, the restaurant itself has a very decent sized real estate being able to accommodate parties of any sizes. As with a lot of restaurants in Vegas, depending on where you are seated, people have a good few of the back of the house as well, which is always comforting knowing you can see the people handling and cooking the food. Not to mention, it's just always bad a$$ to see the chefs conjuring up everyone's dishes. Very nice place to come and relax for a few drinks or casually dine before hitting up all the various night clubs Vegas has to offer.
**** 4/5 Stars ****

The Service -
It was a Friday night and I was struggling to find a place to go eat at. I was in town for a conference and it was the night before I was scheduled to fly back so I knew I didn't wanna stay out late or walk any place farther than I needed to. After perusing through the many options on Yelp and the dining guide, I settled on Julian Serrano. It was fairly early in the evening, around 5:30pm-6:00pm, so I managed to beat the dinner crowd. They had also just opened for dinner service so I lucked out and was able to walk right on in and pick my place at the bar. I was greeted by multiple friendly faces at the hostess stand one of which was the hostess herself as well as, what seemed to be, upper management preparing for the evening. The hostess smiled and politely let me know that the bar was available for open seating. I gladly obliged, took my seat, and was promptly greeted by the bartenders tending bar that evening. They took my drink order, handed me a menu, and gave me a few minutes to browse. The bartenders were very friendly and made themselves available to answer any and all questions I may have had about the place and/or the menu. The great service continued throughout the evening making sure that I was well taken care of and I always had a full glass in front of me. Great job, guys and thanks!
***** 5/5 Stars *****

The Food -
Prior to arriving at Julian Serrano, I glanced at the menu, as I always do, trying to figure out what would be appetizing for me to order. I decided on the short ribs dish; however, when I got there and looked at the menu more, I switched my choice and, instead, got the Crispy Baked Chicken (See Picture) and I'm glad I did. First, the accoutrements...the chicken was served with sauteed potatoes, Spanish pork chorizo, red bell peppers, and onions. The chorizo gave an excellent salty contrast to the chicken and I couldn't get enough of it. I wish they would've put more of it on there cause it was just that good. The bell peppers and onions were cooked throughout and gave the dish the bitterness and spice that it needed to balance everything out. The potatoes, unfortunately, left something to be desired. I'm not sure if it just happened to be the potatoes I was served, but they tasted really bland and stale to me and got to the point where I just ended up pushing a majority of them to the side. If it weren't for the deliciousness of everything else and combining the flavors, more of those potatoes would not have been eaten. Now, on to the main star of the dish...the crispy baked chicken. This has got to be, by far, one of the best baked chicken dishes I've had ever! The chicken, which are two boneless breasts, was cooked perfectly and very moist. The crispy breading that they coat it in, didn't just have a crunch to it, but also had a caramelized effect to it, which made it REALLY good. I'm glad I switched my choice from the short ribs to the chicken and I only want to come back for more and to try out the other dishes that Julian Serrano has to offer. Delicious!
**** 4/5 Stars ****

Overall -
If you're looking for a change of pace and need some latin flavors while you're in Vegas, I recommend giving Julian Serrano a shot. A nice, relaxing place with great service, great food, and a great atmosphere...you can't really ask for more. Thanks, guys!
Great tapas!!! A 5 on tapas.  Paella a 1. The rice was undercooked or something.  Been. Struggling for 24 hours since I ate the paella.  Service was a 5
To say our experience and the related food here was sub par would be a vast understatement. The great reviews on Yelp along with recommendations from friends made us very excited to come here and boy were we shocked. Every item we ordered off the menu was poorly executed (read over/undercooked and a total lack of seasoning). This was only further exacerbated when I asked our server how an item on the menu was prepared to which he stated he wasn't sure but he would go ask the chef. We didn't hear anything from him for about 15 minutes so I finally flagged him down to follow up, only to have him state with a dumbfounded look that he did not have an answer because he "could not find the chef." We ordered two more entrees after this, 1 fish (the one which I had the unanswered question about) and 1 chicken. Suffice it to say, the fish came out horribly overlooked and chicken undercooked (YIKES I KNOW), and again both were completely under seasoned.  To top it all off, for a $300 meal the service was completely piss poor, the waiter never came by to ask how things were nor did anyone ever follow up.

So in summary, considering the server could not find a chef in the entire restaurant, our experience is far from surprising albeit inexcusable. That being said I can't help but feel robbed in 2 ways, one of the over $300 we spent on this terrible meal, and two of the amazing culinary experience we were promised and went to enjoy on a very special occasion.
This place got me to eat meat  (first time in 20 years) and then ask for seconds!! Don't worry, I'm still a pescatarian but damn that oxtail dish was good! 
I also usually don't eat tomatoes but the tomatoes were so flavorful topped with mozzarella and balsamic that I ate them up.  The other 7 or so dishes were great too. Big shrimp, octopus  .. Yum!
We sat at the bar and really enjoyed watching the food preparation and the banter with the bar tender.

All of the food was impeccably executed and delicious.  We had been at Jaleo two nights before and while Jaleo is in a flashier / club-goers setting, Julian Serrano beat the pants off Jaleo where food was concerned!
I made reservations here on Thursday 7pm but decided to cancel for the happy hour instead from 4-5:30. I'm so glad we did because many of the dishes I wanted to try were half price.

Ranked most favorite to least:
1. Iberico Sliders- one of the best sliders I've ever had. Caramelized onions were a nice addition.
2. Seared scallop- perfectly seared, but you only get 1.5 scallop for the price and it's not on the happy hour menu.
3. Black rice-Very rich squid ink garlicky flavor. This is a good small option if you don't want to order the paella.
4. Albondigas- really nice flavors. One if my favorites.
5. Mixed Ceviche- this was good, but nothing special. It is a great balance for the richer plates.
6. Tuna-rasberry Skewer- nice presentation, but the tuna lacked flavor. They also hide wasabi inside the raspberry which gave an unexpected kick. Sorry to ruin the surprise, but my boyfriend choked on it. I'm glad I paid the happy hour price on this one.
.
Overall, they had great flavors. I prefer this over buffets and fried food. I was still stuffed after the experience. Service was impeccable. There are so many options at Aria as well as other hotels, but I would eat here again when I'm in the area.
Ugh this place is so overrated. It was crowded when we went and very loud as well with drunk people. The person behind me kept bumping into me, since the tables are pretty close together, and at one point dropped his glass which shattered next to my leg. Yay. The restaurant isn't even enclosed within walls, which made it seem less like a high end restaurant. Our waiter was extremely rude to us as well, and stood on the far end of our long table (we had a big party) to take our orders. When he couldn't hear what we said, instead of coming closer, he made us shout across the table as he impatiently made us repeat ourselves. He had this look on his face that screamed "I hate my job".

We ordered something that was supposed to be like fancy fried rice, but I've had better fried rice at a takeout place. The tapas are nearly impossible to share with a big party, unless you plan on splitting that asparagus into 6 pieces, forget it. Food was definitely not what I expected from a high end Vegas casino restaurant. I left still hungry, and wanted to go get some In-n-out afterwards.
Rolled up to Julian Serrano for a bachelorette party here with 13 other girls and it was the CRAZIEST dining experience I have ever participated in!

The reviews on Yelp raved about the paella, but we were short on time and couldn't afford the extra 30 minutes...so we were trying to figure out the best selections for a group our size especially given our time crunch.

We finally decided on the pre-fixe menu and the GM came over with his own recommendation. He said he'd do something special for us similar to the pre-fixe menu...he just said "Trust me".

Holy eff.

We gave the go ahead and it wasn't long before our heads were whirling with a flurry of arms and dishes swarming around the table. He literally had us try everything on the menu and plates and plates were whizzing by. I looked around the table and all the girls were eyes-forward, head-down just eating as quickly as humanly possible. We had sliders, kabobs, skewers, ahi, meatballs, etc etc and it was incredible.

The entire waitstaff was incredibly nice (most were incredibly good looking too), and the food kept coming at a comfortable level, where it was fast, efficient.. but not stressful! lol..

They also hooked it up with a sampling of all their desserts...and oh snaps, we were so SOO happy with the line-up. mmMmMmmm..

everything together cost a bit more than the pre-fixe especially cuz we had drinks (Sangria!!) and cocktails...totally about $80-85 per person. SO. Worth. it!
I absolutely love the happy hour here.  They have a very nice selection of half price tapas and sangrias which makes it easy to try a number of different things without spending too much.  Love the chicken croquettes and the stuffed piquillo peppers but especially the bacon wrapped figs.  The convenient location right off the casino floor makes it a must do for us every time we visit the Aria.
Great flavor. Nice decor, good variety of cuisine. Expectational gourmet selection.  Very good service, great spot in the hotel.  I would recommend this place on a Friday night before a show or before hitting one of the clubs.  Come see the manager johnny V.  Hospitality pro.
Very good food! Service was awesome. It is a bit loud though since you're right by the lobby.
I really wish I could give this place a few more stars considering how much money we spent there.  We came here for the foie gras but were told that it's no longer on the menu.  Given that we were all starving we decided to start with a bunch of appetizers.   Besides the stuffed dates, the appetizers warn't very good.  We kept ordering more and more tapas hoping to get wowed, but everything  that came out was mediocre.  Our final dish was the paella, and we hardly touched it, it was more like a jambalaya than anything else.  Finally it came time for dessert and we ordered the chocolate lava cake and the fruits.  The chocolate lava cake was amazing but the fruits made us all giggle.  It was a bowl of pretty much all apples with some whip cream on top.  I don't know, I guess we all expected a little bit more considering it was in Aria and it was highly rated on Yelp
The worst paella I ever had in my life. If you're looking for real or at least good paella this is not the place. Very good sangria.
I had the stuffed dates, they are chewy.  Firefly has better tasting stuffed dates, they are crisp and have a nice sauce with it in a pan you can keep dipping in.  Plus the portions here are smaller.  

The Sparkling Sangra is one of the best out of the 3 for me.  The red feels like I might get an instant headache it I finish it, The white is a little better but doesn't measure up.
Whimsical, beautiful plating. Interesting flavor combinations. STRONG sangria. 

I loved Julian Serrano at Aria, and I would absolutely come back.
We chose this place as I couldn't go to Picasso during this Vegas trip due to my thin wallet :(
(don't ask me what happened at Casino lol)

Yeah, Julian Serrano, I Luv ya for having this wonderful tapas place for budget food hopper like me

Well... this hidden gem turns out to be GOOD choice, especially for its $19 lunch (even though this special menu only came after I asked)

I will visit here for its weekday magic hour selections(hopefully soon!)
My husband and I were celebrating our 25th anniversary in Las Vegas and wanted to take our friends out for a special dinner (we love tapas!), and we were not disappointed with the tapas or the restaurant. When making reservations, I requested a table away from the entrance (it opens up to the hotel floor, and I wanted to have a little more privacy and intimacy). We were seated at the very back of the restaurant, and our waiter was very good. As soon as we were seated, I ordered two paella dishes (Mixed and Valenciana)--I am allergic to shrimp so we opted out of the Marinera), since they take 45 minutes or so from the time you place the order. I asked that as we ordered the tapas, they come out slowly. I did not want to feel rushed. There were nine of us, and I also asked that as we order dishes, they are set up so that enough of us could sample each dish (meaning that if I order sliders, perhaps bring out two or three of the dishes--not just one dish with two sliders). Looking back, I realize this wasn't communicated very well. We ordered twelve tapas (vegetarian, meats, seafood, new style), and everyone was pleased with all of them. My only wish was that they weren't coming out so fast and that there were more on the plate to try, but the red sangria was fabulous and that kept coming! The paella was served tableside to us since the dishes were so large for the table. The lobster and mussels were excellent, but again, not enough to go around or it was that half the table was served the lobster, and the other half had none. We ended up cutting things up and redistributing plates so all could try things, but again, I wish there had been more seafood in the dish. Also, the paella seemed very wet to me. It wasn't one of my favorite paellas that I have tried (others at the table raved about it though).
The cost of the tapas and paella along with the rush of serving them is what gives this restaurant a "very good" rating. It is expensive, but so is all of Las Vegas! I wouldn't not go to Julian Serrano for tapas but since I have already been, I will just try another tapas restaurant when visiting Las Vegas.
SMH... Service was OK, atmosphere was LOUD and Tapas were mediocre at best. I would pass on this if you are looking for a quality Tapas. I may be spoiled coming from LA but I wouldn't go back!
My boyfriend and I had the lobster saffron and the stuffed dates. OMG they were so delicious! And they deliver the food quick! I personally loved this place. The reason I gave it a 4 star is because the portion was sooooo tiny and expensive. I left hungry. I know tapas isn't suppose to be a large portion, but it was like super tiny. I think next time I go to Vegas, I will go there if i win some spending money at the casino.
Wild mushroom soup is way too salty! Seared scallop is very fresh and nicely done, on the greasy side. I expected more... it's ordinary. Raspberry tuna skewer is only for fancy presentation but taste is lack of character especially it doesn't match with the red square jelly kind of thing on top and there is wasabi inside a raspberry! Strange combination.  Service is very good though.  I was sitting by the bar.  I did enjoy dining here although the food is not as impressive as what I expected.
I. Love. This. Restaurant.

I'm in Vegas, tons of great places to eat. And I eat here twice. In the hotel. Lame, I know, but I really enjoyed it.

I like that there are good places to eat as a single in Vegas. I sat at the long bar, lots of other singles hanging out for dinner with me.

Bartender Premo (pronounced Primo) was fantastic. Knew the food, made great drinks. I ask him how many tapas most people order, he says 2-3 per person. I order 6 plus drinks and dessert. He doesn't flinch.

Night one:
Manhattans with Templeton Rye. Many.
Goat salad
Beef tartar
Short ribs
Ox tail
Beef and cheese
Lamb
Creme brulee and espresso

The tapas were fantastic except the Beef and Cheese, that was just okay.
 
Night two:
Old fashions with RI1. A few.
Romaine salad
Yellow tail
Scallops
Tuna cones
[Premo can't stand my drink routine so he tries to throw me off. Suffering bastard and then a Whiskey smash. Oi.]
Creme brulee and espresso

Tapas are large. I was completely packed. Highly recommended.
I mostly liked but didn't totally love this restaurant. 

My group had been staying in the Vdara and had a gift card to use at Serrano, so we ventured over and ordered a good amount of the lunch menu. As with many tapas places, some of the items were stellar, and some fell flat.

Patatas bravas, a standby at most tapas places, just fell a bit short for me. The aioli was overly garlicky (even for an aioli), and the tomato portion of it fell flat.

The pan tomate fared better, but the bread didn't have quite enough bounce to it. Padron peppers are hard to mess up, and those came out nicely here. The garlic chicken felt a bit limp and underseasoned, but my garlic taste buds may have just been blown out from the aioli that came with the bravas.

I love ordering gambas at tapas places, and this one was nice, especially with the chile de arbol touch. The albondigas were tasty, as well, but the bombas didn't fare as well - it was a bit mushy.

The valenciana paella had some great moments in it, but the chicken was dry. The pork should in it was lovely, though.

Service was brusque and mostly absent. Drinks were good, if a bit Vegas-y in their pricing.
We choose this restaurant for its selection of Tapas and small plates. Located in the Aria hotel which in itself is a very beautiful property the restaurant has a upscale appearance and lively vibe to it. Service was good but not great as we had to coax the waiter to explain each course. Reservations are a must and we where seated on time. Great place to dine and grab a light bite after catching a show which is what we did. I would return and recommend
I would give Julian Serrano 3.5 stars if I could. 

I love small plates...totally my thing. The food overall was enjoyable. Nothing was out of this world, but everything was good. Among other things, we had the white ceviche (white fish, red onion, rocoto pepper, cilantro, lime juice), which was bright and clean and delicious, the huevos estrellados (fried potatoes, over-easy egg, chorizo), which was rich and flavorful, the yellowtail tiradito (sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream, ponzu sauce), which I expected to like more than I did, creamy risotto (mushrooms, Manchego), which was a great texture but I wanted to be mushroomy-ier, and the stuffed dates (goat cheese, crispy pancetta, tomato marmalade).

The service was less good. The waiter was keen on the upsell...must have tried to get the couple seated next to us to order another round of cocktails at least half a dozen times. The food also came out way too fast. Our table was tiny, and they kept bringing dishes that wouldn't fit, so we had to rush to finish the thing we were currently eating. We were out of there in something like 30 minutes because they brought everything so quickly. If I'm going to pay that much for a meal, I'd like it to last a bit longer than that.
Delicious. Definitely a solid 4.5 stars, but worth rounding up for! TBT, I came here for lunch feeling a little rough due to a margarita fueled evening the night before. But the food was absolutely delicious and had my stomach forgiving me for the previous nights abuse.  The concept is simple: tapas/small plates. They recommend 3-4 per person, but I made due with two. I kicked it off with the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs in a (slightly spicy) tomato, sherry sauce, which were delicious. Then I had the braised short ribs (one of my all time fav foods to begin with) over a creamy risotto --OH.MY.GOD.  I wish I had time for dessert but I was rushing out to catch my flight home. Will definitely be back for a reunion with the short ribs and to try some new delicacies as well.
I ordered four tapas & seafood paella. Other two friends and I shared all of them. The tapas were all fabulous, especially black rice which is with squid ink. The other three are salmon & truffle, octopus, and lobster & saffron. But seafood paella did not reach my expectation, cuz I did like the rice inside, however the prawn really nice!
If you sat at the bar, ask for Primo! 

I asked Primo to recommend me a drink with rum since other hard alcohol doesn't go well with my body. He brought out the drink and it was delicious! And strong! And I still have no idea what it was! 

We ordered the oxtail with mash potatoes, and white sardines over red bell pepper and toasted bread. 

I would have never ordered sardines at any restaurant but since Primo recommended and my husband insisted that I would like it... I was reluctant to take the first bite but then I immediately fell in love with it! Thank god my husband doesn't like sardines so I had the whole plate to myself! Oh and the oxtail was fantastic too! 

We always have a great time and awesome food here. Thank you Primo!
one of my favorite restaurant of Las Vegas. from contemporary ambiance to colorful plates. Spanish charcuterie platter is delicious. Paella Serrano was perfect, simply delicious. Bravo Don Serrano!!!!
We stopped by for an appetizer and wine and love the place. The bright colors and design elements are reminiscent of Spain. The Chiliwich placemats are a nice touch. We had the tuna cones and each bite was delicious. The avo-cilantro on the bottom of the cone was a fun surprise. 
Our bartender was amiable and  solicitous. We will certainly return to explore the mulitple offerings on the menu. This is how tapas should be, little plates of adventure.
So delicious. I would give a 4.5 if I could.

Came here for a bachelorette dinner and shared about 8 tapas dishes and 2 desserts between the 5 of us. 

The ceviche was probably my favorite dish. Everything tasted so fresh and the lime wasn't overpowering.  I really enjoyed the brava potatoes and the steamed mussels too. I'd pass on the croquettes next time. 

The tapas menu is very extensive and there are tons of dishes I'd love to try. The service was efficient and never intrusive. I'd definitely stop by again if I ever stay at the Aria!
We had a wonderful experience here.  The service is top notch, and the wine selection is outstanding.  We ordered the yellowfin tuna appetizer - nice blend of flavors and textures (ponzu contrasts with crunchy fried veggies); ceviche that had generous portions of shrimps and scallops, and some oxtail (not at all greasy or fatty!).  Finally, the paella!  Took 40 minutes to cook, but well worth the wait.  We ordered the black blood sausage version.  Generous with the saffron, and the texture was perfect.  Only criticism was that the meat was a bit on the scimpy side.  While somewhat pricy, well worth the price...especially after making a minor killing on the the $1 slot machines right before (love those double diamonds!)
Wonderful dinner, beautiful restaurant, great service!!!  Perfect for a family snck/light dinner before a show!
Completely disappointed!  I went this past Sunday night with a party of 3.  We ordered about 7 or 8 dishes and not one was outstanding.  They were just ok, with the standout being the bacon-wrapped dates which were just awful.  We ordered wines by the glass, and they were small amounts of wine.  I'm not talking about just because it's in large glasses.  The wine pours were small.  Overall I just felt frustrated that I'd spent $300 in this place and felt like going to McDonald's afterward (which I didn't).  I see zero reason to ever go back here.  The positives are a nice atmosphere and cool furniture.  The food is just bad to mediocre - there's so many better restaurants in Vegas!
I thought the ambience was great, music was good. The hostesses were a bit rude, but our server, Richard was great! We tried about 9 different menu items, only about three were impressive: oxtail, the mixed ceviche, and fried calamari. We tried the cheeses, the meats and they just seemed bland. The white ceviche was my least favorite, also bland.  I would recommend making reservations if you would like to try it out.  Overall would be a great place for drinks with friends.
I would give 4-stars if judged on the food alone, but unfortunately this review must end on a sour note. 

I usually do not give many negative reviews and I've come to expect great things from most Las Vegas restaurant experiences. Our experience at Julian Serrano fell a bit short.

When we arrived for a Saturday night for an 8 pm reservation for 2, we were promptly seated in the back among other 2-person tables. The restaurant was energized, and full of big groups, which made it pretty loud inside. I was seated across from my husband and we had to shout a lot to hear each other...not a big deal, but a little awkward. 

We didn't receive our drink menus right away, which made it difficult when we were asked by one of the waiters what we would like to drink. I asked for the drink menu and was told it was coming (in a slightly rude manner). Luckily, we were able to order some delicious cocktails and they came quickly. Our waiter made an appearance and right away I was not impressed with the service...he barely even made it known that he was our server for the night and was bent down near my husband's ear trying to pick out some things that we should try on the menu. I felt an odd disconnect... My husband asked how ordering usually works (since it's a tapas place), and the waiter said that we could order everything at once, and he "would take care of it." We ordered a few fish items, a cheese plate, the Spanish tortilla, chicken croquettes, the beef short rib plate, and a few veggies. 

Here's where things got annoying. The Spanish tortilla was brought out first. It was tasty but slightly cold (not sure if that's traditionally how it's served?). Before we could even dig into the tortilla dish the waiters brought out the beef short rib. That was a WTF moment to me. Within minutes of receiving the beef dish they brought us the warm monkfish dish and the cheese plate. Our tiny table was filled with foods all getting cold because we hadn't even made a dent in the tortilla. We weren't even half way through our cocktails and half of our meal was in front of us. We had to tell them to slow down (luckily they did). I felt like I was at an Applebees. 
 
If I were in a hurry, this would be good. But at 8 pm on a Saturday night in Vegas, we were not in a hurry. We like to slow down and enjoy our meal. I was irritated by the order of the dishes that were brought out as well as with the pace. Who wants beef short ribs as the second dish?? Typically you would want salads, fish, vegetable dishes brought first. They didn't even see if we wanted a bottle of wine to pair with the bigger meat dishes. I found the order of everything all very strange and felt rushed. 

On the plus side, the food was all very good. Everything was beautifully presented and cooked well. We LOVED the cheese plate. It ended up being glorious to eat cheeses between small plates (while our beef and fish dishes got cold, haha). I would go there again for the cheese alone! 

So maybe it was just a bad night...I never thought I would complain about too fast of service, but I am. There are times where it's appropriate to rush through dinner (like before a show, etc), but there are other times where you want to relax and enjoy good food and conversation. Unfortunately, this was not the place for that experience. I guess I just expected more for the price. We got an Applebees experience for great food worthy of better service.
I really wanted to like this place.  I've stayed at Aria a few times and always pass by this restaurant, but this time... I decided to give it a try.  I read the warnings from other Yelpers about the tapas being small and expensive.  We weren't that hungry, so we had dinner here.  What can I say... not my thing.  Way too fufu.  We ordered the brava potatoes, gambas, short rib, rabo te toro (oxtail), and lobster saffron.  She had a white sangria and I went with the red.  Everything (including the sangria) was bland.   The potatoes... I've had better from Ore-Ida.  A little crispy, but hardly any sauce... so it was a bowl of potatoes with virtually no seasoning.  The gambas (shrimp) were ok.  The short rib dish had the most flavor, but there just wasn't enough of it.  The oxtail was wrapped in ibérico and... I couldn't get past the texture.  Way too chewy.  Finally, the lobster dish was so small (and unremarkable) that... we quickly asked for the bill.

We left hungry.  The only other time that's happened to me... Melting Pot.

Oh well... at least I tried it.
Very good food, nice service. Ambience a bit lacking.

The portions are on the small side, but presentations are nice, and not too expensive.

The oxtail and the black pork ribs are awesome, the tomato cheese plate was awesome.  The mediterranean bass and lobster was more average.
Great food, great service - need I say more? :-) The lobster gazpacho had a very well rounded taste. The heirloom tomatoes salad was delicious, even though it is not really a tomato season (Christmas :)
More like 3.75 stars really, but I'm rounding down cause of the prices. But I guess it is Vegas. I mean the food was delicious, but the prices were steep. I love tapas and Spanish food. But $45 for their seafood marinara... Steep!! It was yummy and there was a lot of seafood in it, but still. Most tapas dishes ranged in the prices between $10-18. And the dishes were pretty small too. The goat cheese stuffed dates, really yummy but $12.50 for three pieces. The braised short rib, one rib for $16. 

And the desserts were alright. At $8 a dish I was expecting heaven in mouth. The desserts were definitely unique - pistachio tart, almond cake with almond ice cream. But it didn't have that "you're totally worth paying for" quality. 

If I were to write a review based on the deliciousness of the food, Julian Serrano would get 4 stars. However, my review is based on the overall dining experience.
Fun atmosphere, tasty plates and great people watching within the confines of the Aria complex. Food? Wow - competition is steep here in Vegas, places must constantly revamp and recreate to stay on top, in my humble opinion. I liked their fusion concept it was good and it worked with most dishes. We went for lunch, and shared several plates among the three of us. I felt that it was rather difficult sharing with three and yet if we ordered 2 of each plate it would have been too much and we would not have had the chance to try so many things. I wasn't overly excited enough to want to go back here, I would most likely want to try another place rather than return.   In most restaurants, I know right away if I want to come back or not. No single dish stands out to me as being so delicious and tasty that I want to come back or even try to recreate it at home. (I love to cook too!) Plus, being located in the mall isn't the most interesting place to dine in Vegas. Quick bite for lunch...great option, like most places in Vegas at this level. Presentation of food went well beyond the taste, and so for this place artistry ruled the afternoon. Three stars is all I can do...taste needs to be at the same level as presentation.
I was looking forward to eating at Julian Serrano's, with the recent health problems at Firefly I have been looking for a new Tapas spot. I am disappointed to say that Julian Serrano's will not be that spot. The food was okay but nowhere near the quality implied by the pricing and not nearly as good as Firefly. Also, worryingly, two out of the three diners in our party got sick shortly after eating, one of them violently ill. The service was nothing special, courteous but when asked for a suggested dish I got blank stares.Disappointingly Julian Serrano's is exactly what it's desperately trying not to be, a run of the mill Las Vegas casino restaurant with a fancy facade. The food is not horrible but for the price you would expect much more.
I have to admit that I was pretty drunk while visiting. I can't say much about the place since I don't remember a lot but the one thing that I do remember is the incredibly small tapas. Yes, they're tapas and I understand that but when it comes to lamb chops -- it was a chop .. Some of the dishes were just poorly sized when held against their prices. I feel like it could have been more for the price.
I have eaten here before and it was good so this review is not on food. We were vacationing in las vegas in summerlin and drove all the way to the aria to go to jullian serrano's happy hour. When we got there we were told rudely by the host staff that they are not doing happy hour because there was a convention in town. The second host didn't even look up from what she was doing. No where on the website did it say they were not doing happy hour and how greedy can you be that during a convention you won't serve happy hour because you know lots of people will be there and you want to make more money. This place has lost my business which is too bad because the food is good. If you are at the aria and want a good happy hour go to american fish. The staff is great and the food is served tapas style and is delicious.
We stumbled in here during a business trip for a quick lunch and were blown away by the flavors of the tapas served here.

Our team shared the following tapas:
Lobster Salad
Ahi tuna tempura
White ceviche
Tuna carpaccio
White anchovy fillets
Traditional Spanish chicken croquetas
Fresh calamari a la plancha
Creamy risotto

The tapas that hit me as the best have to be the ceviche, calamari, and the tuna carpaccio.  The calamari was fork tender and perfectly accented by the acid, the carmelized onions added the needed sweetness to round out the dish.

The execution of the carpacio left me wanting to order another order, but I had to sustain.  The carpaccio is sliced thin and placed over pine nuts that gave the dish a perfect, and when I say perfect I mean crunch.  The vinaigrette was refreshing while not being too overpowering of the fish.

The restaurant is beautiful, and the fun vibe of Tapas makes it a great experience.  A must check out if your in Vegas and anywhere near the Aria Hotel.  Price is on the high side, but quality, service, and most of all flavor get the high marks for me.
We had a company dinner here. Although the service was rather slow( took them a while to bring our drinks and refills), the food is quite nice.

My favorites: Potatas Bravas, Ahi Appetizer, pan manchego, mushroom risotto, Rabo de Toro and the amazing Red Sangria

Disappointing:the spinach salad and the absolutely horrible paella. I was looking forward to it, but the flavors were way off and the rice was over cooked. This is one dish that almost no one on our party ate.

I would come back for some drinks and apps, but would skip the paella for sure.
I ordered the huevos estrelladas expecting something like a Spanish tortilla. I got a fried egg on French fries with sub par chorizo (all fried in a corn or vegetable oil). I had to send the ceviche back, it was inedible. Everything just tasted salty.
When I feel like enjoying an awesome meal with tons of variety, Julian Serrano is my go to place. I have yet to have a bad plate of food here. The price isn't the cheapest, but I know this walking in the door. It usually costs me around $200 for 2 people with a few drinks. Some of my favorite items: Brava Potatoes, Roasted Red Peppers, Short Ribs, Croquetas, Imported Spanish Ham, and the Crispy Chicken Breast Plate (the peppers and chorizo complete this plate perfectly) Finally, the best item on the entire menu are - THE CHURROS. Simply the most fresh, and delicious dessert you will taste. Don't waste your time dipping it in the chocolate sauce though, it takes away from the churro experience!! Enjoy!
Excellent!  One of our favorite restaraunts in Vegas. Only down side, tad pricy but worth it.  Highly recommended.
Gourmet tapas is about the only way to describe a place like this.

I came recently with a date and was immediately struck by the open atmosphere.  It is simple and modern - almost like a fine cafeteria - but it works.  It doesn't feel too stuffy for its price or its setting, and yet due to the decor and the staff it still feels like it has a touch of class.

We ordered several things off the menu, with a few winning and few losing.  The lobster gazpacho was... a bowl of cold soup.  It was started with a tapioca capsule of soup on your spoon, and the overall taste was light and refreshing with a hint of cucumber.  But at the end of the day it was still cold soup.  If you're into it - you'll probably dig it.  I was not.

The winner was the creamy mushroom risotto.  Absolute simple brilliance.  It was just delicious.  I can't and won't say too much more other than it is definitely worth an order.

I love tapas places because you can order a bunch of things and come away with a decent tasting for a decent price.  Julian Serrano essentially delivers this, with a place a few steps up on the price rung than the rest.  It was too expensive, about $35 a head without drinks.  But it was enough to make you wonder whether all of those orders you'd happily picked out were worth the price after they were finished.

Go.  Enjoy.  But choose wisely if you're picking up the tab.
Great food, horrible service.  Service can make or break a good meal, and unfortunately the horrible service overshadowed the delicious food.

 We dined on Saturday, 2/9, at 9:15.  I originally had made a reservation for 12, but 2 people did not make it. The hostess and server adjusted our table no problem.  Once my whole party arrived we were seated. After that, service declined until I spoke with the manager, Carlos.  

Our server was Janice and it appeared from the beginning as if she had checked-out for the evening.  Once we were seated we were handed ONE drink menu by our unknown server at the time.  Everyone was getting a little impatient while they waited for the drink menu to reach them.  It would have been helpful if water was at our table before we were seated.  I asked Janice for another drink menu then she brought over a couple more in ipad form.  Thank you. 

I also had to ask about the specials and the prix fix menu I read on the website.  Janice did not opening offer this information to us and did not communicate it to the whole table.  One of the girls in my party communicated our options to rest of the group.  Everyone except one person in our party opted for the Chef's Special Selection Menu, but Janice did not know that because she didn't bother going around to ask each person what they would like to order -  she assumed everyone was opting for the chef's menu. Someone  had to tell Janice that one person wanted to order off the regular menu.  

Janice is not all to blame for the lousy service.  The bussers and food runners were not on top of things and appeared not to communicate with one another.  A food runner brought our paella and Janice had to take it back to the kitchen.  After I spoke with the manager he informed me Janice would try to be more attentive.  Janice was great at refilling our waters and sangria, but she was still not very friendly towards us.

I appreciate Carlos for sending out dessert at the end of our meal to make up for the poor service, but unfortunately the poor service really did break our special group dinner.  

I recommend assigning a more outspoke and friendly server to large parties in the future.
Made a reservation through yelp and specified a gluten allergy. We got an awesome table and the waiter already knew about the allergy. You can't beat the atmosphere and service here. The front house guy was helpful in choosing a wine and even gave me a tasting before I bought a glass.  The portions are small plate style, so assume 2 per person if one is meat and 3 per person if choosing from any of the other categories. The kale salad is good, a bit oily. Beef short ribs we tender and the glaze was awesome. The highlight and must have was the chorizo- the perfect amount of warm hear, crispy outside, juicy inside, and topped with a mini roasted potato.  The dessert was delicious as was all of the food, and although I loved the pistachio tart, it is definitely a warm cookie and not a tart. Sounds weird but the flavor of the crema catalana was reminiscent of Trix cereal- ok, but I wouldn't get it again.
Great tapas bar in aria..tuna and raspberry so amazing..the patron peppers were great..and loved the beet salad. .great tequilas too
I'm not a big fan of tappas places, but this place really blew me away. We came here for a friends bachelorette party and it was all around a great experience. The décor is very dark and chic, the food is delicious, the wait staff is incredibly nice and friendly. The portions were way too small, but then again we were a party of 16 and it's a tappas place so I'm sad that I didn't get to try everything we ordered, but I definitely want to come back and try more of their dishes.
Thanks to religiously watching Top Chef for the last eleven seasons, I'm just not a fan of Julian Serrano. In the most recent season, he built a Spanish menu against his the awesome Dominique Crenn, and every one of his dishes looked so boring that nobody was rooting for his team.

Fast forward to visiting Las Vegas with the idea of gorging myself on everything tasty that the city has to offer ... and I decided to visit Julian's eponymous restaurant for kicks (and to prove to myself that I was right in judging him from what I've seen on Top Chef). And you know what? I was wrong. I give this restaurant a solid 3.5 stars and appreciate what Serrano is doing to heighten Las Vegas' culinary caliber.

I think the decor is fun; trendy, whimsical and colorful. Kind of like tapas :)

If you're getting tapas, it's important to get around three things per person and share, so that you get the max out of your experience. Here are the highlights:

-- heirloom tomato salad
-- coca vegetarian
-- yellowtail tiradito
-- stuffed piquillo peppers

Why wasn't it rated higher? One of our items was "lost" off the check, and we waited for 20-30 minutes even after letting them know. Second, while some of the food is great, other items like the chicken croquetas were downright dogs.

Nonetheless, I'm happy that JS had vindicated himself in my eyes ... I'm sure he'll sleep better at night now.
This place never disappoints. Amazing food, good service, and a beautiful modern design.

Our waiter was very helpful. Since I had been here before and it was the first time for my friends, I was picking some of the tapas I knew and liked. He suggested other tapas too. The service was fast. Our tapas were brought to our table sooner than expected. My top favorites were the Creamy Risotto, Garlic Chicken, Papas Bravas, Pan Manchego, and Traditional Chicken Croquetas. The dessert, Churros with spicy chocolate was so delicious and brought back some childhood memories. 

Julian Serrano has a beautiful modern design. It very colorful and lively. The restrooms are cover from top to bottom in tiny mosaic multicolor tile. Plus the restrooms play Spanish lessons.

I highly recommend Julian Serrano!! It's a must try! This is one of my top favorite restaurants.
My second time at Julian Serrano.  The atmosphere is great being in the atrium area of the Aria Hotel.

Service is good, but almost too fast.  At a tapas place, you order a bunch of small plates and eat them throughout the evening.  During our dinner, they brought all the plates at once.  Our table was overloaded with plates.  Since we wanted to eat everything while it was hot, it turned out to be a short dinner.  

The desserts are fair - nothing special.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant , got seated and never saw our server whatsoever.
Vegas is a foodie town, and Aria has a lot of wonderful restaurants.  If you ask me, Julian Serrano is the best restaurant in Aria and it's one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.

I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.  

Service is top-notch and fast.  For a party of 14, I was worried about the wait time for food.  No need to worry, they know what they're doing!  Food started coming out almost immediately.  Tapas are a terrific option for large groups.  The pace of dishes coming out was perfect.  Also our waiter was able to split up the bill (we ordered in groups of 3 to 5 people).  

Finally, the food.  It's excellent!!  Everything is amazing but I particularly recommend the calamari, which is among the best I've ever eaten.  Other notable dishes include the salmon, the risotto, croquetas, peppers, papas bravas.

You simply cannot go wrong eating here.
Bit pricey, but it's delicious.  And hey it's Vegas...

We ordered too many things to remember but for the most memorable things were:


Tuna Cones - Delicious tuna sushi (poke) style in crispy cones.
Imported Spanish Serrano Ham - Delicious period.
Creamy Risotto - Very well done!
Stuffed Dates - Not bad.
Grilled Lamb Chop - Loved it.
Mixed Paella - Very good paella.  Had low expectations but wow'd.

I would come here again but give it sometime so they can add and subtract from menu.

Worth the try!
Fantastic...amazing flavors....Aurora made this a special lunch...ask to sit in her area
Tapas are amazing with a lot of variety to choose from. The scallops, oxtail, and risotto is amazing. Good service and amazing food.
Superlative food. The ceviche is wonderful, as well as the shrimp. You can taste the freshness and quality. The wine list sources some of the better Spanish labels, which pair well. My only knock was that my wife was bumped several times by the wait staff, due to the narrow passage between tables.  We mentioned this to our waitress, and there was no make good or acknowledgement. Not what I expected from a world class chef.
Overall great experience. The mixed seafood ceviche was amazing! I wish the portion was a bit larger. I would definitely come back! I also tried the paella which was also delicious.
As a frequent visitor to Vegas, I have had the opportunity to dine here three times in the last five months.  If you like Tapas, you will love this place.  I cannot say anything bad about the food, it is all wonderful: dates, octopus, short rib, paella, etc.  The paella is a little small for a large group. I heartily recommend the churros for dessert.  My only criticisms are that the wine list is always out of the reasonably priced selections and the general cost of a meal is ridiculous.  I know, every meal in Vegas has to be ridiculously overpriced, it is some kind of law, but go in prepared to have to use the home equity line.

Still, I cannot recommend this place enough.
Delicious tapas. Portions a bit small so go with 3/person (they suggest 2-3/person). Loved everything we got: bacon wrapped figs, goat cheese and tomato cake, cheese platter, mushroom risotto, scallops, and chicken croquetas. Red sangria was perfect... Not excessively sweet but flavorful and fruity.
This is the best tapas place I have been to.  Great service! Friendly staff for being packed to capacity.  We were here with a party of 22.  They took the time to explain what was in each dish. I recomend the Scallops, best I have ever had.  They have a
Limited beer selection, but I still give it a 5 star.
Went to Julian Serrano with a bachelorette party - about 16 of us and we had a great time! Unfortunately, they were unable to seat us all together, but they did get us two tables close together.  We got a couple pitchers of each the red and white sangria which was very good.  We then asked the waiter to bring us out an assortment of the most popular tapas. Everything was delicious with my favorites being the avocado cannelloni, the stuffed dates and the brava potatoes. Fun atmosphere and good service.
Stick with the Tapas and bottled water. Looking forward to a special birthday dinner here we were very disappointed. 
We started out grand , quaint table for two and we are already ordering our drinks. Gin & tonic came out and it tasted off by the 3rd try the drink was brought out with just the gin and a closed bottle of tonic water. The tonic was spoiled at the bar. 
We loved the tapas we ordered very tasty, perfect for two. The fig tapas were just lovely! Now we are excited about the paella we ordered. When it arrived we noticed immediately it was small not really for two. Only two shrimps and maybe a scoop of rice each - oh! It smelled so fishy I was hesitant to eat it but took a bite and wish I hadn't! The rice was under cooked and the shrimp tasted bad. Really could not continue, we ask the server to take it away and I've lost my appetite. 
My water is refilled and I notice large particles floating in my glass! Ugh. I ask for bottled water and tell our server why. She does apologize and we know this is not her fault. The manager comes over and starts to explain why the paella taste so off and this is just how they make it here, he does not apologize or offer anything to us. I am beyond ready to leave. But our server lets us know because it is my birthday she will bring me dessert and she is convinced I will be delighted. She brings out a lava cake, where am I, Applebee's?!! Please, just let me leave! But first she brings me the check. They took off the Paella and bottle of water. Finally it ended.
Used to be my favorite place for tapas until now.  Found a piece of bone on my tapa, they took the plate with the piece of bone to the kitchen but instead of having the courtesy of offering something else they just became very prompt in handing me the check before I even asked for it.  Guess is all fun and games until someone chokes or loses a tooth to a piece of bone...  Eat at your own risk!



























i
VERY overpriced but yummy!!!! I guess this is what I can expect in Vegas. I tried about 8 different tapas and I absolutely loved the ceviche with taro chips.  Just that will complete your night!
We always prefer tapa restaurants back in seattle, becasue we love getting variety of foods in one sitting. After seeing this restaurant near our hotel entrance, we decided to give it a try. 

We went straight to eat after the morning workout. It wa pretty empty on sunday morning around 11am. 

We had asparagus, beef tartare,steak, and sliders. The sauce that came wth roasted asparagus was one of my favorite thing. It had almond flavor to it, and I enjoyed it alot. Steak was tender and juicy, tartare was fresh. The tartare came with thing sliced root vegetables and  i thought it was a interesting addition. Sliders were great as well.

The price wasn't that bad and i loved the experience. The only thing is, it isn't a closed restaurant, and you are dirextly exposed to people walking by when sitted near the edge of the restaurant.
This place is ok. Not sure why this place have so many 5 star reviews? Maybe we went on an off night? The service was kinda blah as well. Hub and I shared the following tapas:

***Recommend***

Stuffed paquillo peppers (my fav there, the flavors went very well together)

Oxtail (sorry forgot the name. It was hub's fav, tender and moist)

Seared scallops (seared perfectly)

Yellowtail (this was ok, didn't think it was that bad to be added to the list below)

Lamb chops (hub and I both enjoyed it, but it wasn't the best we ever had)

***Avoid at all cost***

Tuna cone (no flavor)

Fried artichoke (forgot the name as well, but it came with arugula and some kind of soft cheese on the side. This dish was completely bland and the flavors did not work well together)

Tuna and raspberry stick (looks pretty, but where was the flavor?!)

Fries and chorizo with egg on top (can't believe we paid for this dish. It looked like a dish that was thrown in with leftovers)

Pork shoulder (forgot the name as well. It was dry and bland and totally not worth it)

Bill came out to be about $180. It wasn't too bad, but I can think of a million other places where I would've left happy and completely satisfied.
I had the asparagus and oxtail with mashed potatoes.... I recommend them both! Great flavor! The cervix he is great as well! Chefs and bartenders are friendly and down to earth!
The happy hour is a good deal, but the food wasn't consistently good. I ate there three time during my stay at Aria 2/23-2/28/14.  I love their bacon wrapped dates, and they were great the first day... ok the subsequent times.  Also the "Spanish Tortilla" was a cold gloopy-glue-like thing that I ended up sending back.  Their ahi tuna squares with raspberry stuff and sesame seeds are def a Vegas "must try" because they are beautiful and yummy!
The potatoes were off the chart. If you are into tapas then this place will rock your world. A few of the dishes weren't our favorite but 3-4 were really good with great flavors!
At one point Vegas got "over saturated" with Tapas restaurants. I guess that's one of Vegas "weaknesses"  Always going to extreme in everything,even restaurants or "Vapor Stores" :-). That by any  means does not affect my believe, that Vegas is  the best city  to live in (at least for me and my family).  Back to Julian Serrano: I f I would be put in front of the dilemma  to choose only one Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas to stay open. I would say Julian Serrano in a heart bit. Yes it is a little pricy, but when you bite into stuffed peppers or take a sip of house made sangria...  You feel that eating here is "money well spent" . I should also mention, please save room for desert, it's outstanding!  So is the service.
My wife, a group of friends and I were back in Las Vegas and planned to dine at Julian Serrano again.  We had dined there a few years prior and in my mind, that was the best meal I had ever had in Vegas.  I'm very happy to report that our most recent experience was just as fantastic as a few years back.  Just like the last time, we had Pedro as our waiter.  He is the absolute perfect curator for the food journey we took once again.  Not only is he attentive to all needs, he explains every dish as it's brought to the table.  He even remembered us from a few years ago which was very impressive considering the amount of people I'm sure he serves on a regular basis.  The food continues to be phenomenal with various textures and tastes all playing off of each other nicely.  We will definitely be retuning next year.  Do yourself a favor, if you find yourself in Las Vegas, go to Julian Serrano, ask for Pedro to be your host for the evening and enjoy the ride!!
I really enjoy eating at this place when I come to Vegas. The atmosphere is relaxing. Our server Ernesto was very polite and the food was awesome. Paella, papa bravas, lamb chops, ribs. The sangria mmm.. I recommend anyone who has never tried Tapas food to eat here.
Great food, decent service, wildly marked-up wine list. You should still go.
lovely spot to grab a late night dinner for two! delicious & light and left satisfied. would recommend for a larger group too, to try all that their tapas menu has to offer. 
thx aria hotel, another terrific spot to dine at.  : )
I came here in a larger group for a birthday dinner and a positively amazing experience. We opted for a tasting course menu, where we able to taste several different plates. The staff was very attentive and the service was quick! My personal favorite item on the menu was the stuffed dates, delicious!! Everyone in my group loved our dinner experience and would recommend it to anyone! I hope to go back to Vegas soon and eat there again!
I think I may be generous with the 2 stars.....we were served rancid olive oil (on asparagus), crispy paella (EVERY other time it has been cooked - not al dente), and Iberico ham that was kind of 'meh.'  

Very loud - hard to hear conversation at out 2 top.  

Server was lukewarm, clearly not thrilled to be there.  

My advice?  If you need to drop some money quickly use a slot machine instead.  We actually did and won a bunch of money!  At Serrano's you wont win anything but hopefully will find a bite or two of actual 'AUTHENTIC' Spanish cuisine, which is better than we did.
Great food. A bit pricey even for Vegas. The sangria a were not the best we have ever had but not the worst either. All the tapas were really good and unique. Prepare to spend some cash.
Incredible decor great menu decent service. Almost 5 stars but they blew it on the lamb kabob. Totally undercooked and raw. And a fine cut of meat wasted. Now that that's over I loved everything else. Mushroom rissoto to die for tuna cones were perfect the meatballs insane great beer and the oxtail. Sublime.  I would go again solid 4 star
I've been here several times and they never disappoint. The tapas and creative combinations are delicious. A must try when you visit Las Vegas.
We traveled for over a month in Spain, ate at many tapas restaurants in many countries. Even though Las Vegas has a lot to offer we just had to come back and try more things day after day at Julian Serrano. Amazing tapas, original, super tasty. We tried 8 different Tapas including the Paella, none of them failed us!

We would come back to try some more in our next trip.
Tapas in Vegas? Why, not? This little bodega is a cute spot with excellent service! Located inside the Aria it was a short walk from our stay at the Vdara. I love me some Spanish tapas so wanted to check out this place while in town. 

Some of the dishes were spot on yummy. The calamari a la plancha with a hint of lemon and lightly charred was Delish! Another favorite was the bacon wrapped dates. Savory dates, crispy bacon and smooth goat cheese- I couldn't get enough of these bad boys. Literally, there were only 3. 

Chicken croquettes were a bit too soft inside, lacking a bit of texture I like more shredded chicken, not from the blender. 

I would order the mussels again but not the stuffed peppers. 

You cannot leave without ordering the vino tinto sangria! With apples and a hint of cinnamon, this was to die for! And the almond flan was out of this world good!

Excellent service, good recommendations, cute spot in the Aria and great food. I would come back but bring a bigger check book- this place is not easy on the wallet considering the size of portions.
We were impressed by  every dish that we ordered. People are right about the price, whereas, this place is not cheap.  But this has definitely been one of those instances of getting what we paid for.
Food was decent.  Between four hungry gentlemen we got away with 8 small plate tapas and one paella and everyone was quite full afterwards.  It's a nicely decorated restaurant in Aria. Here are some thoughts on the food:

- Meatballs - these had an excellent texture and the meat sauce was perfectly sweetened.  A very enjoyable dish
- Sliders - don't get this - only came with two sliders and the bread was a bit dry and overall not very original or inspired
- Black rice - this is an actual dish and I found very delectable.  The price soaked in squid ink (?) was well seasoned and the octopus and seafood added some interesting texture to the bite
- Tuna sashimi on seaweed salad - I would not order this, just get it at an actual japanese restaurant and you'll be much happier
- Paella - definitely order this when you sit down as it takes 40 mins to cook.  We ordered the mix paella and it was very enjoyable.  The mix of chicken and seafood was nice and it wasn't overly salty.
- Garlic Chicken - this was a surprisingly tasty dish.  It was simple but the flavor was excellent and the texture of the chicken was moist and soft on the inside with a thin but noticeable flour based covering.

The cocktails were OK but nothing to write home about.  

Why did it only get three stars?  Well our waiter who was a nice chap throughout the meal offered us an appetizer, a feta cheese, tomato, and bread type of dish.  When he offered this to us, he said "i'll bring you out this appetizer".  At the end of the meal, when we ordered 4 espressos, he said "i'm going to bring you out coffee with liquer".  In both cases, his tone gestures insinuated that we would be comped these small "extras" but when we saw the final bill, he had charged us.  The coffee drinks alone were $14 each.  Anyways, just an annoying thing for people to have to deal with and presumptuous that we'd want to pay for the extras.  

So all in all, the food was above average but the incident with the waiter brought down the otherwise delightful experience to two stars.
The tapas here never disappoint, but the service is a real wild-card you should beware of. For a venue like this where you are going to be ordering several small plates that need to be paired properly, insight into what is good that day or what flavors will work well together often rely on input from the server (who is there every day). In my case, the server (Victor H) was not very engaged in the customers, another staff guy ( a cook) noticed that I needed a sharp knife for the lamb dish and provided one (which Victor should have recognized). The server also needed to be prompted by the staff cook to suggest other items and to follow-up on my needs. 
I have been here three or four times and the food is always good, but the service, like I mentioned, will make for a great experience, or damage it.
Had 4 more hours till my flight to leave Vegas, walked by this place decided to check it out. Good thing i did, because i discovered a great place. Ordered short ribs here expecting it to be like korean short ribs lol; it was 10 times better. I huge slab of meat on a bone that melts in your mouth as you eat it, so tender and juicy. This place will make your taste buds go nuts, everything is packed with rich flavor. Happy hours from 4-5:30pm i was lucky enough to come during that time, had myself a 5 dollar sangria. Located inside the ARIA this place is a must try for everyone, guarantee you will not be disappointed.
Food was decent. Service was super fast and friendly. The menu had great selections on it. Downside? Though everything we tried was good it was simply lacking the "wow" experience that I have had at other tapas places. When I walked away from here I remembered an enjoyable meal whereas when I walked away from other tapas places I remembered specific dishes that I would look forward to having again.
Lively and beautiful atmosphere with food that is really quite delicious! We had a table of 8 and decided to go with a bunch of shared plates. Id say the three highlights were the oxtail, the duck confit, and the wrapped dates.  Even something simple as the charcuterie plate was ordered twice we loved it so much. 

We saw many people ordering paella, but we wanted to taste many dishes so we opted out. I'm picky with paella, but something tells me they do it right!!
Great food and great wine recommendations. Gotta check out the bathrooms also. Beautiful.
We got the seared scallops, eggplant special of the day, mushroom risotto, and the filet w/ foie gras, all good dishes, but not great, which brings me to the next point... For just those few middle of the road tapas dishes and a couple of drinks, I left feeling a bit ripped off. I don't mind paying a lot for food, but this place didn't quite live up to my expectations. Other than that, the food came out fairly quickly since the dinner rush hadn't come, and our server is very attentive.
Everything about this dinner was wonderful. From the colorful décor of the restaurant, to the service and especially the food. We ordered a total of 7 tapas and 2 desserts for the both of us and we left stuffed and extremely pleased. Here is what we ordered: 

Lobster Gazpacho,  a chilled Spanish tomato soup with chunks of lobster meat. It was so refreshing and delicious. I wanted the bowl to never end. One of my favorite dish of the night.  (Rating: 5/5)

Calamari A La Plancha, perfectly cooked calamari drizzled with a lemon parsley extra virgin olive oil. The addition of  sweet caramelized onions was a nice balance. (Rating: 4/5)

Next, we had the Porto belly, a cute play on words. It was one huge portobello mushroom topped with generous amount of spinach, bits of bacon and potbelly. A delicious mix of mushrooms and fatty pork. (Rating: 5/5)

Mediterranean Bass, two nice size pieces grilled perfectly moist with a crispy skin drizzled with a Donostiarra sauce and garnished. (Rating: 4/5)

Creamy Risotto was very good, with bits of wild mushroom and melted aged manchego cheese mixed throughout. (4/5)

Yellow tail "teridito" was a smaller size dish, nevertheless fresh. Three pieces of  thinly sliced crudo yellowtail topped with thinly crispy sweet potatoes horseradish cream and ponzu sauce. (Rating: 4/5)

Braised short ribs was to die for, soft, tender and flavorful and came with a size of stringy crispy sweet potatoes and was cooked into a cipolinni glacé.  (Rating: 5/5)

We ended the night with dessert. We couldn't decide on one so I got the Molten Chocolate Cake which was warm with chocolate oozing out of the center dusted with a generous portion of powdered sugar. The orange jelly, blood orange sorbet was the perfect cooling contrast to the piping warm dessert.  (Rating: 5/5)

We also had the pistachio tart- almond cake with almond ice cream. This may have been m least favorite dish of the evening given that it tasted like a regular cookie to me, nothing too special. (Rating: 3/5)

Overall, the experience at Julian Serrano was amazing and we will gladly come back next time we're in Vegas.
Food was great. However, Paella needs improvement very wet rice better luck next time. Second time around
Best tapas I've had, hands down. The restaurant is in the middle of the Aria lobby and looks like it's built out of giant sugar sculptures. I liked it! It was very flashy (but appropriate for Vegas).

The waiter was great at suggesting what to order (Patatas bravas is of note. My boyfriend's father was doubtful; "It's just potatoes, what's the big deal?" It was a big deal). We chatted and took his advice, which turned out to be excellent. Drinks here are also GREAT (pricey, but great)--you can browse it on their very cool iPad app. My boyfriend's mother and I each had one, and we both loved our drinks.

As for the food...I'm not sure you can go wrong. As mentioned previously, the patatas bravas was great. We had a bunch of meat dishes (the chorizo on a stick was cute and tasty!), but oddly enough, the standout dish was the poached salmon. It had to be the best dish of the night, and probably the best salmon I've ever had. I had to question myself for a second because we were, after all, in the middle of a desert.

Probably the weakest part of the meal was the desserts. While they were still good (churros in a spicy chocolate sauce that we were practically drinking out of the cup, flan), a round of drinks might have been a nicer ending. At this point, however, I'm grasping at straws.

Julian Serrano was the best meal we had during our entire stay at Vegas, and we ate at quite a few notable restaurants. It was also (unfortunately for us) the first meal we had after our flight and set the standard for the rest of our stay. I highly recommend!
The risotto is really really good!  If I could have ordered a giant bowl it is the only thing I would have eaten.  That being said the tapas were epic.  We tried the paella for two people and were a little disappointed.
As someone that was born and raised in Spain, my expectations of "Spanish" restaurants tend to be a bit higher than most. 

When you sit down at a place like this, after not being able to taste the food from your country for months, or even years! little key words stand out. And those words make you very excited. For me, the key words were HAM, CABRALES, TORTILLA and PIMIENTO. 
The fact that I saw all of these key words on the menu was a good sign. Unfortunately it all went downhill from there.
My fiance and I were hungry and excited to eat some spanish food so we ordered a bunch of different things.
We started off with the Jamon Serrano and Spanish Charcuterie. The Jamon was on top of some tomato garlic sauce. It was about as bland as they come. And I mean bland. They served it on top of some garlic tomato sauce which to me, all it does is mask the flavor of the ham. I was really disappointed. 
The Charcuterie was also as bland as the ham. The lomo in that plate had absolutely no flavor. Where are they getting their products from?

Then we got the cheese platter! another key word, CABRALES! I am from Asturias, that is where Cabrales cheese comes from. And I can say this much. That was NOT it. It is a very stinky, spicy blue cheese and what they served us was a creamy bland mess they called cabrales. 

The tortilla....... sucked. Sorry, it sucked. It was so dry..... I almost finished my whole glass of wine with it. That is NOT how tortilla is supposed to be! For one because it sucks with onions in it. It completely overpowers the flavor of the potatoes and egg. But it was so overcooked..... 
I come from a family that makes spanish tortilla on a daily basis. I make it, my mom makes it, my grandma makes it.... and they all turn out glorious. Why is this one so..... meh?

Onto the next...... the Octopus. It was surprisingly good! Nothing bad to say on this one.

The Stuffed Piquillo Peppers were delicious. It gave me a few good ideas to make at home since I have them in my fridge. 

and lastly

The Stuffed Dates. They were very delicious. I don't know how spanish this dish is, because I actually never had it in Spain before, but they were fantastic. 

Overall the restaurant is nice, the atmosphere is trendy and it had a good vibe. I'm sure for someone who isn't used to this type of food, the food will be great. But I did not like it. As a matter of fact, I get upset when the waiter tells me the chef is from Madrid and then they serve me that. Is he really from Madrid? Has he even been there? Does he know what the food looks like there? I'm confused
I love tapas because I don't like decision making and I love having a little bit of everything. This place was good and I was brave (just try it, I told myself), but some things were more up my alley than others. Still, I knew where it wasn't something I liked, it was more about me than the quality of the food or presentation. Like our sushi experience at Kumi at Mandalay, we just asked them to bring out good stuff until we said enough. I would have loved a potato tasty (should have asked about patatas bravas) but they brought out some really tasty things. I don't even like goat cheese, but the Stuffed Dates were probably my favorite, as well as the the little ice cream cone-like tartare, cucumber and guacamole (Tuna Cone); Rabo De Toro (oxtail and mashed potato) was also pretty good. I'd definitely come back here and try out some other fun stuff. This is the type of meal I totally enjoy and Avia was a lot cleaner smelling than the other hotel/casinos anyway.
Just had dinner here and I would say only 3 stars overall 

1. Patata brava - excellent 
2. Mediterranean chicken skewers -
Chicken was undercooked and pink 
3. Payaya - too sweet 
4. Spanish pizza - toooo oily and the bread seemed like you are eating a butter pastry. 
5. Sangria - awesome 
6. Service - almost felt like I was in a casual cantina whose server wasn't interested in understanding or taking care of the customer. 

Don't know what the hype is about. 

Cascal in mountain view California has much better food, ambience and service. 

Expected better and was disappointed.
Excellent food.  Great value.  We went here multiple times because I wanted to try all the yummy dishes.
Meh...  This meal was nothing to write home about.  Presentation was great, but the food just okay at best.  The value was good, only because we ate at 5:15, so it was happy hour.  I could not possibly recommend paying full price at this place, with so many other outstanding places around...

The Aria is an outstandingly beautiful place, and the restaurant shares that beauty.  It is a great place to watch people, and the bathrooms are even better...  don't miss them!  You can sit in the restaurant and watch people checking in or walking by in-between the Crystals mall and the Aria casino floor, which provides some of the best people watching on the strip.  You can also enjoy the fantastic display of kites on the ceiling in the Aria lobby.  A great spot to grab a happy hour cocktail for sure...  But, pass on the meal.

We tried one of everything on the Happy Hour menu, and the only solid dishes were the Spicy Meatballs, and the Raspberry Tuna. All the other dishes were below average in taste.  The Serrano ham plate and Charcutere plate were also enjoyed, but the portions of these full priced dishes were small, and the meat quality mediocre.  The only good part were the toasted bread served with them.  The Calamari was extremely greasy, and did not impress.  The Tomato Bread was soggy and gross.  The Sangria was not good at all either.  Skip it.  Really.

Beyond the bathrooms, the highlight of the meal was the Carahillo after dinner drink, which is fantastic if you like an ice coffee.  Yum.  Get one.

I also recommend you pass on dessert...  we had the Flan, and Orange Creme Bruleé.  The Flan was more like a fluffy, bubbly omlet, Bad.  And Bruleé just okay.

The service was also poor.  Ordered peppermint schnapps and got peach.  Ordered one decaf coffee and got 4 orders of regular.  Nearly all the dishes came at the same time, so there was not room on the table. Had to do a happy dance to get the attention of the manager, and once he saw the generally unattentive server headed over, he turned around and never visited...  basically, for a high end place like this, lousy service and obviously poor training.

Really poorly managed place with mediocre food.  Good place for a happy hour drink.  Otherwise, pass.
Excellent meal here for our group of four ladies. The extensive menu drew us to this restaurant. The service and food was excellent. Price was reasonable. Very fast service. We had to be out  within 90 minutes, and we were early. Would definitely go back again.
Recommend ordering only the fish dishes. The white Ceviche and yellow tail was great.  All the beef dishes missed on the savory.  If you do order beef--- ask for a steak knife especially for the short rib. 

 The chicken croquetta was my favorite. The cheese l platter also missed as the goat cheese were were lame. 

Sangria was good, but you should ask them to make sure to put pieces of fruit  from the mix.... It made difference on the second glass. 

Service was great at they let you I'd put 3.5 stars.
It was hard to decide what to get here, the menu was just very expansive, and I was feeling indecisive.  We ended up with 9 small plates in a wide variety of flavors.  I can hardly recall what they are were.  The best dish was a chicken croquette, followed by the braised short ribs.  

The ambiance could be a bit better, with the dining room located in what is essentially the lobby.  Lots of food creepers walking by, staring down your delicious mini plates.
This restaurant has a pretty low key atmosphere considering the menu. We came here earlier this week for dinner and were lucky to get a table with a view of the TV so we could watch the end of our team's NBA playoff game. It was great that we were able to get amazing food and still catch the game! 

Our server seemed irritated that we were so into the game (a bit pretentious even) but given the casual atmosphere I didn't think it was a problem. 

Dinner was quite delicious- we started with Wagyu Beef Tartare and the Yellowtail Tapas with a half bottle of wine and enjoyed those while we waited for the Seafood Paella (the menu cautions a 40 minute wait, but I think it was less than that).

All of the food was delicious, but if I were to return I would skip the Paella and stick to tapas. 

All in all, 4 stars - due to the weirdly pretentious service in a casual fine dining establishment.
YUM!
Who loves tapas!? Doesn't everyone??
We had a wonderful meal and all of the tapas were so tasty! The duck paella was wonderful with super tender duck pieces and tons of artichoke. The desserts were just okay for with the highlight being the spicy chocolate for the churros. The flan was a bit thick and stiff while the rice pudding was a bit thin.

Great ambiance and the service was spot on. They were always around to refill our glasses or pick up plates.

kale salad | rainbow baby carrots | heirloom baby tomatoes | red beet gelée | red beet vinaigrette
mixed seafood ceviche | shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice 
seared scallop | romesco sauce 
crispy artichoke | crusted artichokes | water cress | olive spread
traditional spanish chicken croquetas | chicken | béchamel 
pintxo de chorizos | mini spanish pork chorizo | mashed potato | lemon honey
bomba | veal tenderloin & pork tenderloin spicy meat ball | spicy rocoto sauce
duck paella | duck leg | artichoke | saffron rice
flan crème custard | frutas del bosque  
arroz con leche traditional spanish rice pudding  
churros fried spanish pastries | spicy hot chocolate
My wife and I love Julian Serrano. We try to make it a point to stop in every time we are in La Vegas. When we are there, you will find us enjoying a bottle of Albariño at the bar, where we almost always end up trying a few new dishes in addition to some of our favorites. The ambiance here is a perfect match for our tastes. Oh, and if you sit at the bar and opt for a cocktail instead of wine, ask Premo to make you a Suffering Bastard. I tried one on Saturday. Very nice!
Omg the best tapas ever !! Amazing rest style... The food look beautiful and vere professional taste!!!! I'm recommend Evritng  !!
Decided to come here to eat on a late Friday night when we were in Vegas a few weeks ago. Bad idea for my wallet but hey, you're in Vegas and high prices should be expected especially at Aria.  I should have looked at the yelp pictures before coming because I didn't realize the portions would be that tiny. Yes, they are tapas but when each dish is priced at $10-15 dollars, you will need to spend like $80-100 per person in order to feel like you had a real meal. My bf and I ended up ordering the mushroom risotto, salmon and truffle, and the bomba (?) just to try something from each category. 

The food was actually really good. The mushroom risotto was creamy and delicious. The salmon was cooked perfectly and I loved the sauce that was drizzled on the plate. The bomba was like a meatball and had a nice spicy kick to it and was delicious as well. 

For an upscale-ish place, service was only so-so. The waitress wasn't very attentive and I think she judged us because we didn't order 10+ dishes like the couple seated next to us. Ambience is nice and trendy but it's really loud in there so don't expect to be able to have a nice conversation in there.
After going to Estiatorio Milos for my first prix fixe lunch, I was determined to find another one at a great price. I found this thread that mentioned Estiatorio Milos and they also said Julian Serrano had an equally delicious menu for only $19. I thought it was too good to be true so I called to confirm since the thread was from last year. They said that they had this special menu from Sunday-Thursday at 11:30am-4pm so I had to get there on Sunday. It was weird because I checked the menu and it didnt mention the $19 so I thought it was a secret menu. When we got there, they gave us a regular lunch menu and I asked for the prix fixe but it was for $49 so I asked about the $19 one. He said it was only for Monday- Thursday but I told him that the person on the phone yesterday said it was for Sunday. He spoke with the manager and checked if they had the ingredients and they were able to provide this menu. I thought it was very nice of them to keep their word. So extra plus for them. The place is in Aria and it is quite festive. They have a bar and the game was playing so that was cool. 

First
1) Lobster Gazpacho- chilled spinach tomato soup with lobster meat- I didnt see the chilled part so I was quite shocked by the taste of it. I never had purposeful cold soup so it took some getting used to. Not my cup of tea but I am glad I tasted a legit spanish appetizer. 
2) Wild mushroom soup- I preferred this one since it was salty. It was good and I would choose this over the lobster.

Second
1) Salmon- It comes with mashed potatoes and I liked that the salmon skin was crispy. I dont know how salmon is a spanish dish so it wasnt anything crazy special but it was good nonetheless.
2) Rib eye steak- It came with eggplant and french fries and again I dont know how this is spanish but it was good. 

Third
1) Santiago's cake- LOVEEE this!!! it is a traditional spanish almond cake with turron ice cream and candied almonds. It comes in a nice display and was deliciosss. The cake was tender and the ice cream went perfectly with it. I gobbled that thing right up. This was by far my favorite of the meal.
2) Flan de turon- almond mcreme custard flan. I am not much of a flan person so I thought it was ok. 

I think Vegas will now be known for prix fixe rather than buffets for me. I am addicted haha. And for so cheap! You cant beat $19 for all this good food. I am surprised that the appetixer and dessert were more traditional than the entrees.

**TIPS**
1) The $19 prix fixe is Monday-Thursday, 11:30am-4pm.
2) The ideal menu is wild mushroom soup, salmon or steak (depends on what you prefer), and Santiago's cake.
3) Enjoy!
I'm a local and as such maybe a little jaded due to our seemingly never-ending string of poor dining experiences at expensive restaurants on the strip that tout quality chefs. Sadly, like most Vegas eateries in Strip casinos this place suffers from non-attentive service and overpriced fare that is pedestrian at best. We had the raspberry tuna skewers (ok), the sliders (bland), the NY steak (couldn't cut thorough 2 pieces because they were 90% gristle), the monk fish (decent smoky flavor but the least tasty monk fish i've had), the ceviche (for some reason no one in the states can get this right - not authentic, served with only 4 taro chips, decent but not at all as flavorful as that in the Yucatan), and the only tapas we enjoyed - the stuffed dates - which we've had many times at other tapas joints, and these were just as good. ALL our second round of tapas were served cold after a long wait (must have been left at the pass too long), and we had to send them back - upon doing so the manager came out to reassure us, but at no point did he or the server offer to take something off the bill or do something extra for the miscue - not that we expected that, but most places i've had to do this at will extend some sort of peace offering. Not here.

$150 later we left very disappointed and agreed to avoid Strip restaurants like the plague from now on, unless they are downtown - like Hugo's Cellar, which is a gem with great service and reasonable prices. It seems that these strip places think they're only catering to tourists and will never see you again, at least that's how it feels to dine there. They were right this time, they won't see us again. Back to Firefly for tapas.
Playful, clever...brilliant

Expected more theatrical gastronomic fireworks...but this was very refined and focused.

Think of this place as dinner and a show...if you appreciate refined, creative, and brilliant food...this place is a must see.

That said...now that I've done it, I have no interest in going back and...I can't say that about The French Laundry because....at the risk of sounding horribly pretentious, when I ate at the French Laundry, I knew I was doing something special...I knew I was eating at the best restaurant in the world and seeing what those chefs did changed my perception of what food could be.

This is cool...but it's just a branch of minibar.
I wanted to give this place 5 stars but our waiter was not very friendly.

We came here Saturday night for my bachelorette party.  The first component that really captures your attention is the ambience. The place is gorgeous.  You have the perfect balance of people watching and romantic/ beautiful ambience that really adds to the flavor of the restaurant and, of course, the food.

Now for the drinks!  I ordered the first cocktail on the menu: ague de serrano = delicious.  My friends split two pitchers of the white sangria. They said it was good but it tasted like punch. They felt a little of the alcohol afterward, but they said the drinks could have been stronger.  

For the food, we ordered the mushroom risotto (so yummy!), the asparagus a la plancha, and the goat cheese salad.  A couple of my friends got the octopus, but they said it was very smokey and the octopus was not baby octopus, so expect big tentacles (TMI I know but it was important for flavor based on what my friends said).  Everything else was delicious from the rest of my friends.

Our waiter was gruff and unfriendly.  He did not come back and check on us during our meal as well.  The rest of the wait staff was great and kept our water glasses full.  We complained to the manager, and he apologized but we already paid, so he couldn't do much.  He said he would speak with the waiter. 

Overall, would go again. Veg, meat, and vegan options available :)
Whimsical, vibrant & upbeat restaurant with friendly service to top off the overall experience.

Drink the Agua de Serrano-a crisp and spicy cocktail made with tequila, rum, cava and hananero infused syrup...banger!!

Eat the white ceviche served with thin taro root crisps.  I'd maybe pass on the crispy artichoke...I liked it but I think it could have used some salt or some kind of hot sauce.

The menu has so many delectible options but I stopped there.   I'll definitely make it a point to visit again and sample some more.
Really cute place! We absolutely LOVED the fresh sangria. There are three different choices, each flavor better than the next. We were just stopping by for a snack since we had dinner reservations later in the evening, but were luckily able to try the black rice and stuffed peppers. Both were amazing. The black rice was better than any tapa we could even find in Spain, a must try for sure!! The staff was soo nice and helpful. We will definitely be back!
Situated right by the lobby/reception area inside Aria, didn't really have whole lot of expectation. Just wanted to eat inside our hotel b4 headed out to B. Spears concert. Boy o Boy...was it a surprise!!!!!!! First off, it's Saturday night around 7pm, restaurant is jam packed yet we had our table on the dot. Servers were quick and delivery of food was timed perfectly. i loved EVERY dish...giving 5star (back-to-back) is not something i do lightly, i am pretty picky. This spot is fun, colorful and makes you happy and smiley just sitting. TVs located around so you don't miss out on a good game. 

Sauteed Foie Gras (pear was beautifully roasted, presentation is gorgeous)
Mixed Seafood Ceviche with shrimp, white fish and octopus (not too sour, just right)
Spicy Tuna on a cone (like ice-cream that melts in your mouth)
Charcuterie platter (can you really get enough of this stuff, not me!)
48 hours short ribs (to diiiiiie for, it is sweet and buttery)
Flan (this is not the usual creme texture, i like it alot)
Wine was flowing!

Finished dinner at 8:30pm, just in time to catch a cab to the show...
It's conveniently located by the casino level close to the main lobby of the hotel - very contemporary and modern style/design. Perfect for grabbing quick small bites. Definitely has "delish" options in their menu. Don't eat there and not try their Sangria - so good.  Had an amazing dinner there and service was pretty good too. I will definitely recommend this. One of the best tapas style restaurant on the strip.
Second visit and always enjoy this restaurant and it's many tapa selections.  Sit at the bar and be entertained by Jeffrey, one of the bartenders.  He is one of the best around, upbeat and fun and full of suggestions.  The tuna cones are my favorite, but everything is tasty and presented very well.  Try the peach sangria!
Could not have imagined a better experience. Had prearranged a package that included unlimited sangria with one of the managers prior to our visit.  We let them choose the food.  So glad we did.  Food was amazing.  I couldn't believe the quantity and the quality of the food that kept coming out of the kitchen, including dessert. AND, our glasses were never empty.
Service was exceptional, from the manager to the bussers.  
I can't wait to go back
Love it, Love it, Love it.  Much better than the competition and great atmosphere.  

Quick tip, if you make reservations, be prepared to wait another 30 minutes on busy nights to get your table.  We ended up eating at the bar, which was way better as you can see each dish coming out of the kitchen.  

The tuna tartare cones were unbelievable!  Must have!  They are literally tartare, avocado, and an array of goodies in a very small ice cream cone (like the size of your pinky).  You get four in an order and they deliver in every way!
We were excited to try Julian Serrano because of their ceviche and array of tapa menus! I ordered the mixed seafood ceviche- it was meh okay.  Nothing special.  Also the steamed the mussels that were pretty good.  The other girls ordered the spare ribs and mushroom risotto - nothing specatuclar :-(
The location is great, located inside right at one of the entries to Aria. The food overall is very mediocre. The soup was outstanding, we got both the seafood and mushroom. The entrees were sent back, the braised short ribs came out too overcooked and hard. The second reorder I got was just ok, I ordered fish which seemed fresh however did not measure up to a $30 price tag. My friend ordered ribs, which were awful. Dessert was ok, did not stack up to a high end restaurant. Overall I expected a much better experience. Service was average, one of the drinks ordered didn't come out, the dessert should have been comped.
After I discovered some of the people in my group did not want to eat all weekend (that's another story but apparently it had to do with looking skinny in a bikini which I didn't care about), I found a new friend who wanted to eat and we booked for this place.  It's kind of open dining where you can see Aria from the interior.  A new concept I think that is happening with new restaurants at new hotels.

I did make an open table reservation and I was the one who was late (but I called). The table was ready right away.

Things I tried based on reviews:
- Brava Potatoes:  Pretty good.. I loved the tomato sauce that it was served with.  I wasn't that fond of the aioli but the tomato was really good.
- Tuna Tartare cones:  Comes with 3 cones.  It was okay.  I didn't think it tasted anything more than tuna in cones.  
- White Ceviche:  Mostly fish.  It was okay.. served with some sort of fried chips
- Paella:  Got the seafood one with lobster.. expensive.. about 40 but it was DELICIOUS.  Probably the best paella I've had in a long time... or maybe it was good because I hadn't eaten in a while.

I would go back just for the paella.  I would try some other things on the list if we had more people.. but it was overall the right amount for two people.
This is an upscale tapas joint. Spicy meatballs were great. Good wine. Pricier than normal tapas.
Weekend in Vegas with the wife, teenage kids and another family.  Looking for something different - tired of over-the-top steakhouses and big-name chefs.  Someone told us about Julian Serrano. "Never heard of it!" I said -- 'lets check it out". So glad we did!!  Great experience.  Got us seated promptly, courteous staff.  Our waiter advised a few dishes, took him up on a few and tried a few others that we found interesting.  Loved it!!  Food was flavorful, medium sized dishes meant to be shared (tapas).  Adults really enjoyed, but the best testimonial was from our 18 year old, two 17 year olds and one 16 year old.  These kids have enjoyed fine dining in many locations around the world and they REALLY enjoyed the food and the experience.  My 16 year old boy said, "best meal he's had in Vegas" (after many trips!).  I'm hard to please and don't write reviews, but I felt compelled to let others know about this place.  Go there!
I have to give this place two stars. I have never had any tapas here that I've really enjoyed. Their drinks are delicious and have perfect balance so I will give them that. The service was excellent as well. I have come here twice now and tried a number of tapas on their menu. I never reviewed it last year when we came but this year we ordered, the Mediterranean bass which was my favorite out of our choices, we also ordered the chicken croquettes which were bland, and the spicy meatball which we didn't know would be fried. We stopped here because we were unhappy with our choices. I've had tapas here in Baltimore that have been 10x better and for half the price. I would not return to this restaurant.
Food is always delicious here. I had the romaine, albondigas and some mixed paella. However, the albondigas came an hour late, the paella came out 1.5 hours late, after repeatedly it asking our server. The manager made up for it. We weren't charged for the dishes.
Our overall experience was very solid at Julian Serrano - We were inb/w meals & pool time and stumbled upon this place in a great moment of serendipity. The ambiance was surprisingly good for being so close to the heart of the casino.  The service was terrific! 

The cured olive dish was meh but everything else was more or less requisite.  Huge props for having a killer wine list and perfect glass-pours like Txakolina & Albarino to accompany the cuisine: very savvy!

We loved the kale salad with rainbow baby carrots, heirloom baby tomatoes, red beet gelée in red beet vinaigrette was fresh, rustic & overall very satisfying.

I thought the mediterranean bass with donostiarra sauce, tomato confit, arbol chili & garlic was expertly prepared, was full-flavored and had great texture & portion size was perfect.  Definitely one of the best fish dishes I've had in a long time.  

Props... what happens in Vegas ends up on yelp?
Dinner was fine. Service was the worst possible. They seated us in a tight area and the servers kept bumping our chairs. I requested the first server to walk around if possible and he kindly obliged. half hour later and a second waiter bumped me. I requested him to now walk around as well if possible. And he doesn't say anything. He comes back 2 minutes later and say excuse me and then nearly smack me in the head trying to get by again. I ask him to come over and he ignores me.  Then he starts getting loud and says I'm going to call the manager. Was really not sure what he was threatening me with. Manager comes over, realizes that we have already paid our bill, quickly apologizes and then walks away. The worst service ever in an unnecessarily pricey restaurant. Couldn't figure out how to do zero stars.
I have always been a fan of Firefly and Jaleo, but will never go back after diving at Julian Serrano. Price is comparable to Jaleo buy portions are twice the size. My gf and I had 5 tapas,  cheese and charcuterie boards, and  3 martins. After gratuity and tax the meal was $150. Not bad at all. I was so full. Staff was attentive and prompt. No complaints. I'll be going back.
This is a really fun Spanish Tapas style restaurant. It has slight influences from the micro gastronomy movement. Just try the avocado canneloni, seafood ceviche, lobster gazpacho, huevos estrellados, and you will realize for yourself that this place is not hard to love. This being Vegas, the restaurant has really glamorous decor with mosaic tiled bathroom being a highlight.
The food was so yummy!!! Loved the Oxtail and white fish ceviche. Did not like the fried chicken... We also had a pitcher of Sangria... Tasted amazing too... It's on the pricer side but def worth it. The ambience is so great and the waiters are friendly.
my fav restuarant..i eat there at list once a week and i love it!
4 for the food.  2 for the service.  
Gipsy kings cliche.  White ceviche very good.  Patatas bravas tomato & potato good, the 1/2 cup of aioli (mayonnaise) was nasty - unless you love eating spoonfuls of mayo I would suggest having it on the side.  Chorizo bites recommended.  Chocolate molten cake very good but found the accompanying sorbet a strange match, wouldn't be my first choice.  Quite loud.  Comfy seating.  Amateur, distracted, condescending service, too many tables, flustered saying be right back and then would get sidetracked.  Did not know about comp program, and seemed pissed we were asking about it .  Food came out very quickly, within minutes.
Would try again hoping for better service.
I went there for my bday dinner and I CANNOT tell you how good everything was! The Pan Manchego was insane!!! Just order it, you will not be sorry. My favorite was the beet and manchego tapas plate that came on skewers and tasted out of this world! I loved the presentation and was so surprised that the cheese was melted on the inside but the breading on the outside was perfectly cooked...incredible!
Went for lunch today with high expectations and was not disappointed.  Three of us had tapas and they were all very tasty and the staff was great.  

In order of preference, we tried
-- Tuna raspberry skewer.  This dish is in all the promotional material for the restaurant and that actually made me concerned it was just hype, but it was great.  Tuna was perfect, and even the raspberry had a unique flavor.

--  Dates stuffed with pancetta, goat cheese and tomato marmalade.  Great combination of flavors.

--  Seared scallops.  Scallops were done perfectly and presentation was beautiful.

--  Grilled NY steak with Japanese eggplant.  The eggplant made the dish.

--  Baby back ribs.  The weakest of the dishes, solid ribs but nothing special.
Omg! THE BEST tapas restaurant I've ever been to in my life! Period. Def miss it since I'm eastcoasting but will go everytime we stay at the Aria!
Shady continued his trek across Aria eateries stopping by Serrano for round 2 of four in one evening. As should be noted in his reviews, Shady has had an affection for the spanish/tapas style eateries as of late. The choices here for Shady and EXTREMELY lucky guest for the evening as we sat at the bar were the short rib tapas as well as the mixed seafood ceviche. Short ribs were like butter and are a typical Shady go-to and they did not disappoint. The ceviche was good as well, but a touch lacking. Maybe the "mixed" seafood just blended all the flavors together but it seemingly lacked a punch. Nonetheless, Shady and Co. stepped out for round 3 of the night-Sirio
Despite a lot of large parties from the convention that was going on, we were seated right away with no wait. I was quite impressed. It's my favorite place to eat. The ambiance is interesting since it's somewhat open to the lobby at Aria.

Our server didn't seem too happy when he was taking our order and when we asked him questions about the menu or if we needed anything, his answers were all very curt.

However, the food is delicious. Since it's all small portions, it's easy to try different things from the menu and also portion things out depending on how hungry you are. I had the traditional spanish chicken croquetas which were so good. Perfectly breaded and crispy on the outside, warm and moist on the inside. The Spanish Iberico Sliders were also amazing. The combination of iberian pork with the ground beef was perfect and complimented each other really well. Too bad there were only two in an order because I wanted more. My friends ordered the lobster salad, grilled flat iron steak, and the fried calamari which they all enjoyed.

Despite the service not being so great and a little slow, I'm still gonna give Julian Serrano five stars. The server was probably just having an off day. He was nice enough to split our checks three ways which was much appreciated since it made paying a lot easier for us. The food is always delicious and I will definitely go back again.
good tapas place! 
service is..okay.. depends on the server I guess, but food is great. 
Since portions are small, you can try different kinds of dishes.
I usually get about 8-9 plates for 3 people, but don't expect to be full!
A party of 2, 3, or 4 is good. No more than 4...
This restaurant ranks up there with some Tapas I had in San Diego. Service was prompt and food was flavorful. We had sangria, gambas, lobster, calamari, charcuterie, and potatoes. It was all warm and fresh and full of flavor. The gambas and potatoes were a little spicy. The calamari was fresh and toasty. The charcuterie was great except no cheese is included or bread. I went back a second time because I liked the gambas so much.  Also Had bonless chicken wings with garlic wrapped in toasted bread topped with spinach and red peppers the best. Also spanish egg tortilla. And ceviche was very fresh. Loved decor and service. Very unique tastings and paella offerings.It is  a little pricey but you are paying for quality food. Definitely highly recommended if you are into Tapas.
Fantastic food! Questionable other aspects: the server was less than attentive, annoyed when I asked him to come back after I had to look at the wine list again after my chosen wine was unavailable and finally... the 'sticky' chairs (which we found out later was actually paint because they touched them up before dinner service). 

With all of that said, the food was tremendous and there was a lot of great and unique items to choose from.
I am from Spain and I am a foodie.   This place rocks.  Six stars out of five.  Better than sex (almost).  I would write details, but I gotta get back to the food.
Chose this restaurant because of the reviews online and by the number of people in the restaurant at 9:30 thought we made a good choice but unfortunately, found the food to be just ok.  It was odd but everything was kind of bland.  Maybe we didn't have enough to drink or maybe it was because my body thought it was 12:30 but we didn't enjoy it as much as others seemed to be enjoying it.  We had a broad selection of menu items, 6 if i recall so should have found one to impress us but alas, did not.
The food was great, the service was wonderful as our server Donovan really took care of us. 

Our only issue was the rude hostess at the front. Upon arrival we were only given the option of sitting at the bar. After questioning the hostess we realized that if we waited 10 minutes, tables would be available. Really weird situation. Not welcoming at all. 

Hostess should be retrained or even fired. If management is reading this, it was the women of Asian decent on 06/23/2014 at around 8:20 pm working the hostess desk at the front.
3 stars for the food. 1 star for the service. 

Food was not bad. Not as good as it was 2 years ago. Lamb chops were ordered medium arrived closer to well done.  Soups were served at room temperature.

food arrives all at once, and the waiters make no attempt to clear a spot on your table. They stand around expecting you to move food around and move dishes for them.

Plates used are also ridiculously large for tapas.  3 plates and your table is overwhelmed.

don't get me wrong everyone was courteous and friendly but I didn't come here to be smiled at and make friends.  

Used to be a standout Vegas restaurant, now it's just another aging Vegas hasbeen.
Wow. Delicious creative menu. Every dish is top quality.  About as good as it gets in this space. Will absolutely, definitely return. 

Recommend: tuna cones, yellowtail tiradito.
Great food and service. We got tapas y paella and It was delicious. It was a litlle bit noisy but the food worth it. 100% recommended.
Came here on a Wednesday night and it was pretty packed but we got a table immediately. We ordered a variety of dishes and we asked for recommendations first. Our food came out real quick but the table next to us, who got there before us, wasn't having such good luck. 

Cod on asparagus- bland

Bone marrow-delicious, tender

Beef and cheese- beef was a little chewy, I didn't like the taste of the beef and cheese together, tasted alittle gamey

Duck confit- the duck and sweet potatoes complimented each other quite well

Salmon truffle -the salmon in the truffle sauce was delicious

I would definitely come back and try different dishes, they have alot of options on their menu.
My favorite Resturant in Las Vegas 
Food is amazing!! Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Ask for Robert for a wine recommendation he's the best!!
It wasn't too busy for a Monday night, made reservations ahead of time so we were seated within seconds. Service was good although the waiter seemed as if he were just being nice because it was his job so that was a turn off. The good was excellent! From the seafood tapas to the vegetarian to the meat, everything was cooked to perfection. The churro dessert is also amazing. You honestly can't go wrong with anything that you order.
Really dig the open patio style seating that Julian Serrano has going on.

Since we had a group of 5, we ordered the regular sized Mixed Paella to start since it was going to take awhile, and just ordered a bunch of tapas to share.  Even though on the menu it shows the paella's portion is for two, with all the tapas we ordered, turned out to be a smart choice.  

The paella came loaded with seafood.  Paella's tasty and it definitely hit the spot for us.  Can't really compare to "authentic" paella, but for what it is, pretty good!  One of my friend mentioned that the seafood wasn't as fresh as it could be, which is understandable since Vegas is in the middle of the desert haha.  My only knock on it would probably be the super small lobster tail.

As for the tapas, there were a few standouts.  The Black Rice is my favorite: squid Ink rice/risotto with calamari and lobster, with a heavy touch on garlic, which I liked.  Others that stood out were the White Ceviche, which was refreshing, and the Apple Foie, which is a mini apple roasted with a chunk of foie in the middle.  C'mon.

The Fresh Calamari a la Plancha was a surprise.  Essentially grilled calamari, but done perfectly.  The Beef Tartare here has an interesting presentation.  Tasty too to match the good looks. 

Pan Tomate was a disappointment and didn't care much for the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers.  

We ordered a pitcher of red sangria to share, which was good for about 8-9 glasses.  Solid solid sangria.

Seating was a bit awkward when I was checking in for my reservation.  There was a group of Chinese tourists in front of us and the host must've thought we were together so didn't pay any attention until I grabbed her attention.  Besides that, service was fantastic.  Our server was fantastic... but unfortunately forgot his name.
Ordered $39 for an ounce and a half of Pata Negra w raw tomato and 4 slices of ciabatta. I understand it's acorn fed and meant to be delicious, but SHIT!  $10+ for dates wrapped in bacon covered in more sweet shit.. Stiff undercooked rice advertised as creamy mushroom risotto. menu sounded delicious. New York.. tasted sous vide..? Please trim the excess silver skin before cooking.  Might want to retrain your cooks. Ambience was great. Kind of empty. Staff was friendly if that floats your boat for a great restaurant.
Amazing vegan selections and great service. 

I originally thought of going to Javier's but after seeing the menu and what was being charged for tacos, I didn't want to be disappointed how I was at Chino Poblano. 

So I've heard so much about Julian Serrano I thought I'd give it a try. I browse the menu and know I can take a few things out to make it vegan. I ask the hostess if I can make substitutions to accommodate a vegan lifestyle. They said no, but instead pull out an entire vegan and vegetarian menu. SCORE!!! 

Everything looked so good! I honestly could've ordered the entire vegan menu but I couldn't justify spending more than $200 when I still need to grab groceries. 

I ordered the paella which is a must to try, either vegan, vegetarian, pescatarian or meat eater. Let it be the first thing to be ordered. When the waiter comes over, just order the paella! No questions, just order it. Even without the meat and seafood, this is the best paella I've had in Las Vegas. It takes about 45 minutes to hit the table. The temperature was just perfect. 
I also ordered the kale salad which was amazing as well. Very light and fresh. I then ordered grilled jumbo asparagus which came out perfect and went so well with the salad. 
There was a non-alcoholic sangria I tried which was pretty good too. Not too sweet and not too from all the fruit. The orange garnish I could do without but still nicely done. 

Sadly there were no vegan desserts or I assume there wasn't since I wasn't offered a dessert menu. 

The service was good. I sat at the bar and it took a few minutes to have my order taken. No worries, they seemed busy. 

Julian Serrano, great for vegans and non vegans.
Best place I've eaten in Vegas so far. Great food and great service. Everything we had was tasty, but highlights were the Tuna/raspberry and the duck confit. The rice pudding dessert was a must have. Best part of the meal. The service was attentive, but relaxed. As a woman paying the bill when dining with two men, I appreciated that the server actually looked at the name on the credit card and handed it back to me for signatures. The only drawback to this place is that it is very loud, with a dance music backdrop, so if you aren't up for that ambiance you should consider going elsewhere.
Can't beat the location.  Prime people watching place. Our meal was great. Man, the Espana's really love the quality of their sauces.  I really liked the different cheese platter menu too.  Overall, a great place with different type of Espana food.  Good for groups. Can make this a light fare if you are planning to party later.
Absolutely love this place, from the ambience to the delicious dishes! The pitchers of sangria along with tasty Brava potatoes and tuna cones are a must try!  Our server Yoshi took great care of us. I recommend this place to anyone that comes to vegas!
This is the first restaurant I've been to in Vegas that wasn't a buffet, earls or pizza. And I have to tell everyone who have only been to those places to branch out and try some of the fine dining vegas has to offer.

I was staying in Aria and it was my friend's birthday so we decided to splurge a little bit on a celebration dinner. We had 8 people with us and we were able to get seated right away with our reservation. The first thing our waiter recommended to us was the sangria. That definitely did not disappoint - it was strong enough to get me buzzed with just two glasses.

We got a variety of dishes:

1. Raspberry Tuna - SO GOOD. it wasn't overwhelmingly fishy and the raspberry added a nice texture. The presentation was nice too. (comes in 4)

2. Creamy Risotto - this was probably the best dish of the night. Everyone on yelp raves about this dish, and it was my favorite. Super filling and enough for 4 people to share (unless you're a manly man that eats whole cows for dinner, then you may need 4 plates).

3. Lobster noodle dish - not sure what it was called, but I didn't particularly like this one. Reminds me of chow mein done wrong.

4. Seafood ceviche - Delicious! recommended for anyone who likes ceviche, can't really say too much about it other than it was good.

5. Ox Tail - i was pleasantly surprised about this one! so good and rich, a good meat dish since we ordered mostly seafood.

A thing to note is that these are tapas and the portions are small. We paid about 40 dollars a person which I felt was really affordable with the quality of food and presentation. I was also pretty full after the meal - wasn't stuffed, but who wants to be if they're planning on going out for the rest of the night.
Everything I ordered from here was delicious.  Our waiter was awesome too bad I forgot his name.  Tapas are the way to go if you don't feel like having a big meal before you head out to a show or club.
The girls and I are still talking about and craving the food from this place... I left my heart at Julian Serrano's last week sigh

We were promptly seated and service was truly memorable. Started off with a pitcher of sangria and proceeded to order a series of tapas. Everything tasted fresh and savory. Dishes that sounded spicy actually came out SPICY (which I always appreciate)..

Here's what we ordered and loved (4 girls): 
- beef tartare
- grilled octopus
- fried calamari
- stuffed peppers 
- ceviche
- grilled salmon 
- stuffed peppers  
- some potato/jalapeño skewer
- chorizo 

Sangria was nice and strong :) helped wash down all the various flavors. Hope I can come back!
We went to Julian Serrano on our first night at the Aria and we really enjoyed it. The service was very good and the food was excellent. The menu is huge.

We ordered the Paella Serrano (with morcilla, short ribs and kale), the apple with foie grass, the lobster gazpacho and the bread with tomatoes. For dessert I ordered the buñuelos. Everything was outstanding but the bread with tomatoes -which we are very used to eat in Spain- were to oily and the bread was too soft for our taste. 

If you ask me between Jose Andrés and Julian Serrano, I couldn't pick one over the other, regardless of my 3 and 4 stars respectively. They are just not the same, the food is different. I did find José Andres to be more intricate.
They have a vegan and vegetarian menu which is GREAT!
Good food, great service.  The standout was the spanish/vegetarian pizza thing.  That dish was unique and delicious (it was like a moulette).  
The rest of the dishes were solid.  Nothing stood out ( I had mostly vegetarian options like patatas bravas and veggies).  The only disappointment was the the green peppers--the oil they used just didn't add enough good flavor.  These are my favorite tapas so I've had them at a lot of places and these were just not up to the standards of other places.
Overall, each dish was good but only one was special.
I did not like the Sangria that much.  
Service was great.
I would come back here when I come back to town but not sure I'd recommend it as a must go to.
Love this place. MANY items to choose from. We opted for tapas instead of large dishes but next time we'll be trying a paella (be aware it takes 40 minutes to prepare if you order one).
we had:
-croquettas (probably the best thing we had. just delicious sweetness. They have a happy hour where you can buy them for $4 instead of $10)
-gambas (basically shrimp in a spicy sauce....the one dish i could have gone without. The shrimp seemed overcooked and dry....and that's even with the sauce)
-calamari (my wife had this and loved it. I'm not a huge calamari guy so i passed. She's very picky about calamari and thought it was a solid dish)
-bombas (pork and beef meatball. Be aware these are SPICY. Delicious though. And the sauces? please. I still have dreams about it)
-pistachio tart dessert (omg....this was so much better than we expected it to be. you MUST try it. it's not even like a tart. It's more like a very thin cake. Just incredible. I could have eaten 4 more.

Definitely worth a try. There were maybe 10 other things we wanted to try. It would be a perfect place to try with a big group because you could try almost everything on the menu.
Didn't even know the World Market had a restaurant open to the public but was pleasantly surprised.  Prices aren't bad for lunch and they have a fairly large selection.  I had the sea bass fish tacos and those were very tasty.  

Hopefully they succeed.  It isn't too evident where they are so I hope they are doing more advertising.
Tried this for lunch today and really enjoyed it. It's a tad tricky to find -park in the North most lot in the World Market Center and enter building A - but it's worth the effort ! 

The decor and atmosphere are awesome. It's nice because it's cute enough for a happy hour with girlfriends but upscale enough for a business lunch or dinner. 

It was lunch (and we had to return to the office!) so sadly no margaritas were ordered. Chips and salsas (3) came complimentary. The salsas were awesome! None were spicy, however, so those that like heat may be disappointed. We were off to a great start...

I tried the steak street tacos, and my coworker tried the carnitas in black bean sauce. Both were excellent! The steak tacos were small (as expected), but the steak was quality. It was served with a heap of guacamole and slivers of avocado on the taco. The carnita dish was awesome - huge succulent chunks of porks swimming in black beans and covered in cheese and delicious sauce. Definitely not what I would call a "light" lunch but I could imagine it's perfect for a winter day when you want something hearty. 

I would say this place is in a similar genre to Dos Caminos but the food is tastier, more authentic, and better priced. Lunch entrees were $10-$16 .
The other day we dined at Mundo in the World Market Center for lunch. This is my 4th visit since they opened last month (we're desperate for good restaurants downtown) and I am continuously intrigued by the descriptions on their menu. I passed on their delicious margaritas today to try sangria, which was excellent. If you had the chance to go to La Madonna, the previous restaurant owned by the chef of Mundo, you have probably tasted and enjoyed a similar version.

I had the chicken tortilla soup, which I have ordered before, because it has an incredibly flavored broth that really sets it apart from other chicken tortilla soups I've had. It is seasoned with epazote which helps to give the soup a rich full-bodied taste is responsible for the deep red hue. Ian had the short rib tamale which was also delicious. The tamale dough wasn't dried out as it sometimes can be and the sweet bits of corn gave it a nice texture. The shortribs that were busting out of the husk made for a lovely presentation. 

On another night we started with the queso fundido ($12), which was a combination of four melted cheeses garnished with oven roasted cherry tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, and a serrano chile drizzle, and served with tortillas. I loved the use of goat cheese, the mushrooms were cooked very well, and the spicy "drizzle" complimented the cheese nicely. It's a heart stopper of a dish so we didn't finish it and instead opted to save room for our entree, which was a fantastic idea. We split the filet mignon of Korobuta pork with ancho chile mango glaze and chose sauteed spinach for our side ($26). Though I think it's a stretch to use the words filet mignon to describe pork tenderloin, we both thought the dish was incredibly successful. The ancho rub on the outside of the perfectly cooked pork was wonderfully intense and the accompanying sauces really set it over the top. The mango relish on top was a fantastic sweet addition that cooled the pallet from the heat. Additionally, it was a huge portion so definitely worth the price. We thought maybe they super-sized it for us since go there frequently and have unabashedly expressed our opinions to the staff on each trip (some of which could have been taken as insults but were meant to be helpful pointers since we want the restaurant to succeed), but the waiter confirmed this is the amount everyone gets. So much for feeling special. The sauteed spinach side was great as well, and unique due to the addition of roasted jalapenos. I would absolutely get both again.
I've only had one experience here, so I'm going off of that. The service was a bit slow, however surprisingly, the food made up for it. They give you a trio of salsas to try - and they were varied, great tasting, and interesting. I would complain that the chips should have been served warm - they were cold. Moving on... I had a chile soup for an appetizer that was pretty amazing. Then, a chicken tamale that was out of this world. The spiciness contrasting with the sweetness of the corn was amazing. I really look forward to my next visit. This has the potential to be the best mexican(esque) food in Vegas. ;-)

(Update!) - I went again and again the service was much quicker - and the food was even more spectacular! GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!
We had lunch here today.  Very original Mexican food.  This area of downtown is very much in need of a place like this.  

We ordered guacamole for our chips & salsa.  Guacamole was very good but I wish the chips were warm.  I tried the tortilla soup very good version here (Rick Bayless Topolobampo makes the best I've had).  

For mains we had carnitas & sea bass tacos.  Carnitas were tender & full flavored.  Tried a couple of bites of the sea bass tacos before my wife took them away from me!  They make a mean fish taco!  I washed my food down with some really addictive sangria.  

We really liked the decor & space.  Very comfortable inside.  We will be back to try dinner soon, let's hope they survive...downtown needs more places like this!
This place is definitely a find.

After reading about this place on "Eating Las Vegas", I was jived to give this place a try. (Also, I'd just finished watching Top Chef Masters and was chopping at this bit to try some real Mexican food - Rick Bayless rocks!)

Anyway, we arrived on a Monday night for dinner. We rarely venture to the downtown area in Vegas but the restaurant is located in the World Market Center across the street from the Premium Outlet Mall. Parking is plentiful and close to the restaurant.

We arrived earlier because we were really hungry. Our hostess graciously seated us early and offered a bar menu which had various Happy Hour specials at very affordable prices. We ordered the Sliders and the street tacos. Both which were fairly tasty however the sliders (for me) had too much chipotle dressing on them.

They gave us a rather large bowl of freshly made tortilla chips they kept refilling along with the three different salsas. Absolutely delicious and well worth the visit.

We ordered the grilled pork chop and grilled shrimp with homemade sweet corn tamales. The tamales were outstanding! I couldn't get enough of them - sweet, fluffy with fresh corn mixed in to provide a nice contrast in textures. My husband normally isn't into Mexican food but even he grudgingly gave them high marks. I normally don't like shrimp. But when perfectly cooked like this, it tasted like mini lobsters. The sauce was very rich and decadent.

My husband's pork chop was well cooked to perfection and the chile glaze was outstanding. Sweet, spicy. And, like I said, Mundo changed his outlook on tamales.

Overall, the entrees are excellent here. The chef clearly knows high end Mexican. The prices given the level of cuisine is very reasonable - a much better deal than the rather so-so expensive places on the Strip.

The reason why this place does get 4 stars though is the poor timing of the dishes. We waited a long time between the appetizer course and the main course even though there were very few patrons in the restaurant (longer than 20minutes). It is a good thing they kept giving us tortilla chips.

We were really full and couldn't order dessert so we have to try them another time.
Loved the pablano chile corn soup!! T'was divine. 

They have some unusual cocktails I would like to try another time. Massive points for outdoor seating. Caught a glimpse of the inside...very cute. Our waiter was superb.
This place was really good. 

The food was fresh and lots of choices. I really liked food. Everything I tasted was excellent and everything I saw others eating looked amazing. I am very excited to go back and try some more food. The presentation of the food was simple and creative.

The dining room is laid out slightly awkwardly but furnished beautifully.  

Sidebar:
The female bartender liked to ignore me but I didn't hold it against the restaurant or her. As I know this is not unusual. I eat out alone a lot and as a rule of thumb this is common, female bartenders tend to ignore single female diners/drinkers. Single female diners tend to = lower tips and require more service. This only thing worse is a large group of female only customers or foreigners.  

When I say ignore I mean I had flag her down for a menu, for a drink, for the chips everyone else got when they sat down, for my check, to pick up my check, ect. but it was ok because the food was really really good. 

Sorry for the sidebar but back to the point. 

The food here was excellent. Should have gone sooner and will be back.
I get an opportunity to stop in this place every chance I can....it has great food, beautiful people, and the personal service puts it over the top.

The waiter is quick to get your drink order, and while that elixir is being created, freshly made chips and 3 types of salsa are placed on your table.  While you gorge on this appetizer and wash it down with your adult beverage requesting a second round, your appetizer of Mexican Sushi is brought to your table.  You have to try this dish!  

For dinner, I recommend the mahi fish tacos...just enough with the fixings to make your stomach say "thank you."

If you don't order a third drink, perhaps dessert is an option...what could ruin the evening at this point?  Notta...

You just have to at least try Mundo once to say you'll be back.

Yes, it's in the beautiful and monstrous World Market Center, but take some friends and I know you'll have a memorable time.
As the Downtown Las Vegas dining scene continues to expand faster than Kirstie Alley's waistline, along comes Mundo. 

Located on the ground level of Word Market Center at one of the most architecturally interesting intersections in the valley, you will find Mundo-A Culinary Haute Spot. 

You will discover a hip dining area and bar that is tastefully decorated and (like the food) incorporates a fusion of influences. 

I think you could throw a dart at the menu, and be very pleased with what comes out of the kitchen. Think freshness, flair, and fab flavor. This is not you're mamacita's Mexican restaurant. Dishes that are ordinary at other Mexican eateries are extraordinary at Mundo. This is on the upper end of the pricing scale compared to most Mexican places, with most dinner entrees in the $20-$40 range-lunch $10-$20 (a la carte), but this is clearly more labor intensive food, prepared with soul, fusing fresh-top notch ingredients into a world of savory flavors. 

Mundo-A Culinary Haute Spot, will rock you're mundo (world).
Las Vegas really needed Mundo. While the quality of "Mom and Pop" Mexican has had a tremendous surge over the past decade, the higher-end has largely gone unrepresented, particularly the Yucatan region. Robert Solano has changed that. A lot of the menu comes from his roots (he is from Merida), and there is sunshine in those Yucatecan influences that really bring vibrant flavors to the plate. With a lot of citrus, and habaneros being used to accent the usual assortment of chile's, the end results are vibrant, and remind me of the kind of cuisine I had grown so fond of while doing some projects in Mexico, but have not found on Las Vegas menus. A shame that the location does not create more visibility; but absolutely worth seeking out.
Looking for a bite to eat downtown, we searched and found this place on good ol' Yelp.
It lived up to our expectations, as a upscale Mexican restaurant.  You may want to make reservations for the evening as the girl at the front was busily manning the phones as we entered a mostly empty restaurant for lunch.
I had the calamari salad, which I would go back for- it was a bit on the oily side, but very tasty none the less.
My husband had the chicken quesadilla with fresh guacamole, which he said was VERY Very good.
I will definitely come back, it is a nice place to bring my mom, who loves Mexican food but isn't the tacoria type.
( it is also a back door way into the design center...nice place to explore)
Great find for Mexican cuisine, I've eaten here about 5 times so far, each time leaving equally impressed. Mundo definitely has a talented chef. 4 1/2 stars for the cuisine. Carne asada tacos, rib eye steak, Chilean Sea bass, authentic flan, these are a couple dishes not to miss.  You will not find a better a Mexican restaurant in Vegas.
Bumping this fab place up to the 5 stars it deserves! If you have a car please do not eat mexican on the strip ever again! Mundo is a close drive and is FAR better than Dos Caminos, El Segundo, etc, etc. Park in the Northern most lot in the World Market Center . Surface lot is easy !

Today for lunch I had the carnitas. I've been searching high and low for delicious carnitas in Vegas and now I've finally found them . By far the best I've ever had! Tender, succulent, just a hint of orange. PERFECT! Served with a beautiful tomato/habanero salad, onions, and avocado for $14. 

Don't waste your time on the strip, stop wasting money at Lindo - this is the place ! It's hip inside, service is amazing, and I can assuredly tell you it's the best Mexican food restaurant in Las Vegas!
Like Annie had written, service was not great.  I was the one who asked the waiter how is the bread made for the bread pudding, his answer was "I don't know."  WTH????  Don't know how to ask? Guess not since he didn't want to find out.  

Anyways, the decor was very pretty, fine dining-like.  The bar area was very nice too, with cabinets on the back wall with installed mirror.

These are the food we tried:
-queso flameado *(Very nice combination...cheese, mushroom, cilantro.   Very good)
-seabass (I didn't try it, but Annie had typed "...was perfectly steamed and seasoned.")
-Carnitas (Some chunks were tender and nice, a few were dry)
-Flan (We all liked it very much...As Annie said, "REAL FLAN."  
-Sweet corn tamale (this was quite tasty)

Conclusion:  My two friends loved it, I'm iffy about it.
Wassup Annie and Regina!

So about  Mundo... It was good, but not crazy great. I would need to come back to give it a second try. 

Well for this try, we had the Queso Flameado which is like cheese fondue served corn tortilla. The cheese combo was really good, along with the other ingredients they put in it. Came with 3 tortillas.  
Then for entrees we had Carnitas and Seabass. The carnitas was flavorful and sweet, reminded me of coca-cola braised pork. The portion was rather big which was great but again was served with 3 tortillas (note to the restaurant, please give at least 4 tortillas with the apps and entrees) The Seabass was wrapped in parchment and seasoned with spices. Cooked well but not my favorite because I'm not used to the spices. I'm more of a truest with fish - they need to be simply prepared so I can taste the fish.  

For dessert we had flan and it was really good but I wasn't a fan of the strawberries and fruit syrup with the caramel sauce. 

About the service, the server was nice but seemed a bit casual compared to the fine dining ambiance. I would have preferred a more professional and informed server. Maybe that's the style of the restaurant but it didn't fit. 

Again, I need to come back and plan to because they have quite a bit of selection of beef entrees that looked good.
Ok.. so I heard from several different people how good this place is and I finally made it in myself. I am really looking forward to going again.
I will return for dinner as I just stopped in for lunch. They get an A+ for the Guava Margarita...  The food is definitely an upscale Mexican.
I have a love/hate relationship with a menu where I can narrow down what I want to only 5 things!!
Super easy to get in and out as the valet is right in front of the restaurant. 
Food was excellent and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Just go you will enjoy it!
Just had lunch here for the second time, and this place does not disappoint! The lunch prices are pretty reasonable, the dinner prices are a bit more expensive but that is to be expected. The interior is gorgeous, metal lanterns hang all over the place and you feel relaxed as soon as you step inside. The location is a little random, but hopefully that will keep this place from getting packed so I can still wander in for lunch without worrying about a reservation. 

The last time I ate here I had the carnitas in black bean cilantro sauce....mother of YUMMMM it was good. That is unfortunately on the lunch menu anymore, but I'm hoping they bring it back in the winter maybe. The pork is fantastic and tender and you can taste that everything is homemade with quality ingredients. 
This time I ate the Sarape de pollo, which was a thinly pounded piece of chicken with manchego, black beans, and chimi churri sauce, pico, and guac on top. Again, simple but so so good. Also the chips you get when you sit down come with 3 salsas that are all also quite tasty. 

I haven't tried any of the drinks yet, but they have a happy hour with $3 drinks that I'm going to try sometime soon. If you enjoy simple, delicious Mexican, check this place out, it's INCREIBLE!!!
Housed in the downtown design center, Mundo is in a great spot --  especially if you are excited about the soon-to-be Smith Performing Arts Center and like the idea of a swanky and fun place off-strip. The decor is nice but not at all stale or formal. The service is very attentive, food delish, and the drinks delightful. Go now!
Mundo is a great addition to downtown dining. It has a nice loungey atmosphere and good sangrias.
As far as Mexican food goes in Vegas for Vegetarians, I have not been impressed. So far happy hour at Pink Taco has been the best option.
Mundo is a bit pricey but if you are looking to have a nice Mexican meal with a cocktail... this is the place.

I absolutely LOVE the chopped salad. Its the best.
The side dishes are also good ( the corn is my favorite)
The tortilla soup is a vegetable base soup and it is also good.
Other options include veggie quesadilla and enchilada. 
If you enjoy fish, supposedly that is good there as well.
The Skinny: some pretty great entrees, some not so good... skip the bread pudding (3) service: slow service - took a while to place our orders(1.5), value: remains to be seen (2).

After the great experience the last time, we brought all our friends to feel the love that is Mundo. But the love just wasn't there tonight.

It took a while for us to order our dishes and to hear even what the specials were tonight. It basically took at least 15 minutes to wait for our waiter to come around and take our order.

I got the roasted chicken dish with tamales which was excellent - great flavours. Paired with the sweet tamales, and I was in heaven. My husband ordered the filet which was only alright. The side of mushroom didn't appear to be "wild" at all - yup! $8 for a small side of plain old button mushrooms. Would definitely not recommend this side.

Another member of the table ordered the tortilla soup and taquitos which she said were both good.

Unfortunately, the carnitas was a rather poor compared to the other dishes on the table. Like a previous reviewer noted - some appeared dry. 

We did order the bread pudding which was fair at best. Nothing special. Would probably not order again.

Service, as I mentioned, was slow tonight and the timing of the dishes were poor.

Overall, a significantly less pleasant experience than the last time. I'm downgrading this place to a 3 instead of a 4.
Other-worldly, refined, and delicious.  Best food and meal (of any kind) I've had in Vegas.  The chips and three different salsas were incredible, and I wish I hadn't eaten any because the queso flameado appetizer (goat cheese, spiced  roasted mushrooms, marinated tomato, and serrano chile sauce) was the best appetizer I've ever had.  (Only other one that compares was a wild nettle soup at Blue Plate in San Francisco.  You should go there, too!)   The queso dish was brought to us with corn tortillas in which to wrap everything, and my boyfriend and I looked at the size of the plate and thought, "We'll never finish it."   But there wasn't a drop of anything left when we were done.

He got the pork tenderloin and, to this day  (a month after we went) he still recalls the pork fondly and sighs, wishing some would magically appear before him.  (I'm a vegetarian so I wish I could better describe his pork dish for you other than by saying, "Yep, looks like pork to me.")  I got roasted vegetable enchiladas and they were outstanding.  The flavors were well-balanced, they weren't drowning in cheese and other sauce, and they re-heated very well the next day (the plate, especially after the queso appetizer, was too big to consume in one sitting).  Oh, and we loved the margaritas.  They tasted exactly like margaritas, not overly sugary sour mix.  That's kind of rare, we've learned.

The service was also impeccable.  Everyone was so attentive and professional.  I kind of wanted to tell them that we weren't important enough guests to be attended to so.
 
As for the tab, it's priced for a nice dinner out -- for a romantic evening, out-of-town guests, or just a good frickin' meal -- and I can't recommend it enough.
This is one of the most difficult reviews I have ever written. I know the point here is to comment on the food, the service, the decor, etc. To help others choose and decide what to do and where to go. Here's the problem: I barely remember any of that stuff at Mundo. 

The situation is that I arranged to go here with fellow Yelper Angela H...everything went as planned with the exception of a few menu changes so we needed to rethink our orders. I remember excellent service...the food was good...decor I don't recall at all. Why?? Because I had such a great time with Angela and we talked and talked and it was just so relaxing...like having a friend over for lunch...Mundo just faded into the background. Well, maybe that truly earns Mundo 5 stars...not only did they provide a lovely place for meeting a new friend, we had no cooking or dishes to do. :)
I had high hopes for this place.  It had some great reviews here and at other places.  Also, I bought a groupon for it a while ago.  So, my husband and I decided on this place for our date night last night.  The shuttle from the valet parking lot was interesting, not necessary, but a nice touch.
We were able to immediately order our drinks upon sitting, but while he was shortly provided with his soda, I waited ten plus minutes for my mojito.  It was mighty tasty, tho!
We ordered the skirt steak skewers.  There were three for $12.  While we enjoyed them, there was just not a lot of them.  Since I was starting to worry that this might be one of those places where my husband leaves hungry, I let him have two of the skewers.
I had the pork tenderloin with mexican rosotto and my husband had the chicken enchiladas.  My food was so fantastic that I didn't offer to share except for the rosotto.  My husband ate all of his enchiladas and didn't want my rosotto.  Since I decided to take half of my food home, we decided we could "share" a dessert.  (Meaning I had three bits)  We had banana and something empanadas.
The food was really delicious, but minus my two mojitos, our bill was still over $70.  I just don't think it was $70 good.  
I would consider trying it for lunch, since I work downtown.  I just don't think I would return for dinner, hence the 3 stars.
The best meal I've had in Las Vegas. The service was great and the food was phenomenal. I thought the grilled calamari was going to be the highlight until I had the Chilean Sea Bass. Seek out this restaurant. You won't be disappointed. A stand out in the Las Vegas culinary world.
Honey, order the Pollo Rotisado.  I've been eating chicken all my life, but I never knew chicken could taste so good.

The Mexican Risotto and Queso Flameado did it for me, too.  Their iced tea is good and they have Splenda.  I'm into it.

The decor is great.  The location is fun if you're early & get a chance to wander around the huge World Market Center and decorate and redecorate both the home you have and your dream home over and over in your mind.  A nice way to work up an appetite.  Once we arrived to actually eat dinner, the service by everyone was fabulous.  The chef was very kind and accomodating and came out to speak with a woman about to order who didn't "like spice" and come up with something that would be to her liking.  No overinflated ego despite chicken-cooking superpowers.

A couple bummers:
-Too little of that delicious sauce with the chicken.
-Didn't like the chips nor any of the three accompanying salsas.
-Nothing special about the carnitas.
-With such amazing fillings, it's a bummer the tortillas (both corn and flour) didn't taste made on site (even if they were.  I don't know.).
-We didn't get the warmest welcome when we entered the restaurant for the very first time behind another group of people only to be snapped at by a cranky waiter whose only words to us were, "We're not open yet".  OK.  This being our first visit and seeing several people enter before us, we thought we'd make a dinner reservation.  We turned around and left (didn't make a reservation) and almost didn't return after such a terrible first impression.  That dude needs some serious training and we were so happy to not be seated in his section when we returned.

Still, there's no doubt I will be back.  I'll avoid that waiter again & order that delicious chicken again.  I think this place will only get better.  Be prepared to pay a pretty penny for the experience (but Restaurant.com or 3oclockclub.com can make it a little easier).
Best mexican ever. More like Mexican fusion than traditional, but incredibly flavorful.
We loved their food.  I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and my partner ordered the Garden Enchilada.  My sea bass was fresh and cooked to perfection.  My partner loved his enchilada.  We also had the Crisp Calamari for appetizer which was cooked very well.  The service was exceptional.  They accommodated our dietary needs (we are pescatarians).  Because they knew it was for my birthday, they also gave us a dessert: the bread pudding.  It was great.  This has to be the best one I had ordered here in Vegas.  I highly recommend the restaurant.  It is definitely a nice place to have a quiet night and enjoy food.
I loved it.... The bf would have given it 3.5 stars but he's white I'm Mexican. I know what good Mexican food is.... He doesn't :-)
Mundo is one of those hidden restaurants. You will not find this place on the strip or anywhere near it. It's located in the Las Vegas Design Center at the World Market Center. My girlfriend and I always come here each time we visit Vegas. The food and service are always excellent. On Friday Nights they also have a live band. 

You start out your meal with some chips and a trio of salsas. Each one of them are excellent. Another enjoyable appetizer is the Queso Flameado. It is this amazing mix of 5 cheeses melted with mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, and a delicious chili sauce. You can enjoy this appetizer with the tortillas they provide, or the chips. I enjoyed it more with the chips, since it reminded me of an upscale version of nachos. 

One of my favorite entrees there is the short rib enchilladas. These enchiladas are soaked in a pasilla tomato sauce. The meat was so juicy and tender. There was no need for a knife. 

Then to end the meal, the Flan was memorable. It has a nice firm texture and the caramel was warm and sweet. it was a great way to end the meal.
The man can cook... the ahi tuna appetizer, shrimp tamale, and the carnitas were all top notch.. and the warm bread pudding desert topped off the meal to perfection. The old La Madonna location was much easier for us to get to, so we will not get the opportunity to visit as often, but we will look forward to it whenever we can. You should do the same... this is one of the better restaurants in all of Vegas.
I went to Mundo for the first time the other night completely skeptical.  My friend had talked this place up so much that I was looking for any small chink in the service.  Lets just say that the food and service exceeded all of my expectations. 

When i walked in and sat at the bar i ordered a kettle and tonic.  The tonic was out of the gun but when i asked the bartender if he had any bottled tonic he was more then happy to locate a bottle that he had tucked away and the drink was a very fair pour.   

At dinner i ordered the prime  fillet.  OMG, it was the perfect temperature.  seared nicely on either side and cooked to a perfect medium rare with hints of red chili.  The green tomatillo sauce and chili sauce were an excellent accompaniment to the steak.   

The service was spot on and we did not want for drink nor food.  The atmosphere is trendy hip decor and every dish was thoughtfully prepared with attention to detail.   

I would recommend this place anytime for any occasion.  Thank you Mundo, the pleasure was all mine.
The biggest shrimp I've EVER seen. Hand-sized and quite delicious. Mundo works with Alien Tequila and I strongly suggest  trying the Alien Tequila margarita if you go to Mundo. It is one of the smoothest drinks I've tasted.
Atmosphere: 
Being inside the World Market Center, Mundo has certainly earned its right to the space inside this building. The mood is created by soft lighting (iron cast lanterns and dimly lit candles along the wall) and mirrors. Inspiration came from several places. The oversized teal and leather brown armchairs coupled with regular restaurant seats created an "Alice in Wonderland" feel to it. The lounged also captivated imagination with a similar approach. The use of mirrors, lanterns, and large objects was intriguing. 

Drinks:
He had a mojito and I had the sangria. They were decent, B-class drinks. The mojito was sweet and refreshing, the sangria was nice.

Food:
Appetizer - had the fried calamari. It was delicious!
Entrees - he had the carnitas (cooked to tender perfection) and I had the scallops. They were orgasmic! I would recommend these two dishes and order them both again for sure!
This Mexican restaurant is very upscale though I think the interior decorator may have pulled a fast one on the owners.  Our server, Jose Luis, was exceptionally informative and assisted us as we worked through the menu.  We started off with complimentary tortilla chips and 3 excellent dips.   My wife chose the avocado leaf crusted sea scallops with poblano and corn rice, mango relish and salsa verde.  I selected the tamarind ancho chile glazed pork tenderloin served with a mango relish and Mexican risotto (double cream, poblano and corn).  The tenderloin took 20 minutes to prepare so be forewarned.  We both agreed that this was our best dining experience in a very long time.
Service was excellent and the food was even better! Awesome Short Rib Tamales!
This is without a doubt the best Latin restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas, and I've been to quite a few. 

Every dish I've tried at Mundo has been delectable, but the red chile crust prime filet mignon and the pollo rostisado are my favorites.  There's also a great selection of wines to complement every meal.

To top it off, the decor in the restaurant is stylish and elegant, and the service is outstanding. 

When family and friend come to visit, I take them to the Mundo Restaurant and I recommend it to everyone.
I had a lunch business meeting at this restaurant on 11/11/10. The location is amazing. There is plenty of parking. The décor of the resultant is beautiful. My 1st impression is how attentive our wait staff was. I ordered the skirt steak with the Mexican corn, WOW!, it was sooo good. The food tasted very fresh. For dessert I had the flan and shared some churros with the table, the chocolate the churros came with was amazing, the waiter told me they make it in house with Mexican chocolate.. great move! Mundo did not disappoint, I look forward to many more meals here when I am in Vegas.
I've gone shopping several times at the outlets across the street and just recently realized I was foot steps away from this incredible restaurant. Its on the ground floor connected to that Vast Building - World Market Center. This place blends right in the exquisite countours of its surroundings including the  High Society individuals that roam around the floors buying/selling imported designer furniture.. Mundo showcases ULTRA Innovative Modern Classy / Chic Furniture + Lighting. Also a nice patio area for those of you who need to puff on something.

Appetizer:

Comes with Chips and 3 Different Salsas for dipping. Standard Nacho/Tortilla chips, 1 mild chunky red salsa, 1 cilantroey tad spicy green salsa and 1 roasted garlic packed brown salsa. All Very Tasty!

Queso Flameado: a mix  of cheese, mushroom, tomatoes and chile with a side of tortillas (I opted for flour). It looked like Abstract Art in a bowl.. First, I took a scoop of it and spread it on one half of the tortilla. Next, I folded over the plain half (make like a half moon or taco). Last, take a bite and enjoy! Just think quesadilla taco?! It was Astonishing! Be careful, to leave room for your entree as this quite a heavy starter.

Carnitas: chunky cubes stacked in the middle of the plate surrounded by a scoop of guacamole, slices of spicy seasoned tomatoes, onions and cilantro with a side of corn tortillas. This wasn't some Taco truck or any other type of carnitas I've seen or had before. Fork cut into it as if it was a razor sharp knife. Extremely tender and packed a mild yet unique pork flavor. A whole new take on carnitas that was remarkably Inspiring!

Chilean Sea Bass: jalapeno cilantro lime marinade, potato, jalapeno and tomato, thats been steamed in a banana leaf. It came wrapped in some paper with a couple slices of lime sitting on top. How imaginative, I've never opened a dinner gift before! I gently unwrapped the paper and there it was, a thick fillet of fish with the tomatoes, seasonings, jalapeno and potatoes anchoring it on both sides! The fork just slid through the fish as if nothing was there. This thing was so flaky/soft that it was about to disinigrate!!  I squeezed some of the lime juice on it, picked up a little piece of everything and had a taste.. Great complex flavors of cilantro and spices, it was nothing my palate had experienced before! It really was a gift.. Just the right everything, what a creative and sophisticated dish! Very Impressive!

Flan: small round, the usual looking flan with a little pool of sweet/cinnamony liquid?! Raspberry, Blueberry, nuts and a swipe of red berry syrup placed artisticly around it. Nice mix of colors and placement, another piece of art. Everything on point, no complaints! A nice way to end the night on a sweet note.

A Positive unusual perspective of Flavors, Masterpiece Presentations and First-Class Service!
I would have never found this place if I weren't looking for it.  We noticed by the clientele that it seems to be frequented mostly by fashionistas of sorts from the world market center.  After reading some glowing reviews we went to treat ourselves for an anniversary dinner.  Overall, food and atmosphere were both very pleasing, but I wasn't absolutely blown away.  Due to the relatively high price (we went for dinner), this isn't going to replace your weekly neighborhood Mexican joint, but definitely worth a visit for special occasions.

We started our meal with the "queso flameado", asadero cheese, goat cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes, and a serrano sauce.  YUM!  This was delicious, although it was essentially a bowl full of cheese.  We had way too much cheese for the few toasts provided, so ended up eating it straight.  This dish is probably better suited for a group of 4 than 2.  I'd prefer half the amount, and half the price so we could order a second appetizer!  I ordered the sangria that was way too sweet for my tastes (I prefer dry wines though, so I'm a bit finicky about sangria).  My boyfriend had a well made martini, and for his main course he ordered the "sarape de pollo", which was a simple pounded chicken breast with a limey dressing, black beans, cheese, guac, and pico.  He very much enjoyed it, I found it a bit too salty.  I ordered a seafood special, that was quite good, with a side of the famous sweet corn tamales.  The texture of the "tamales" was devine, but it was a bit too sweet for my tastes for the main meal.  I pretended I was eating desert with my meal and was happy.

For what it is, the price is appropriate and the food is relatively creative.  I would definitely return for a nice dinner or give the lunch specials a try (if it weren't so far away from my office), and I recommend others check it out, it's unlike any other I've found in Vegas.
Atmosphere: 
As noted in another review, Mundo is located on the ground level of World Market Center at one of the most architecturally interesting intersections in the valley.  I love the décor and feel of the restaurant.

Drinks:
We were on a business luncheon so not able to try drinks...sure wanted a margarita.

Food:
Appetizer - good guacamole.
Entrees - carnitas, short rib enchiladas and chile relleno's were all good.
Dessert-churros and flan were nice ending to our lunch.

Service- I think the whole staff needs to be trained on service standards...service does not match up to atmosphere and food.  I mean offering more beverages, clearing plates at appropriate times and attentiveness to the table is very basic .  When you don't receive good service it ruins the overall dining experience.
After visiting the Las Vegas Premium Outlets we decided to have lunch at Mundo. The restaurant was very busy on this Friday afternoon so it was fortunate that we held reservations.   We received a bowl of taco chips plus 3 housemade salsas.  We both ordered the jalapeño chile spiced chicken enchiladas with roasted tomatillo sauce, salsa asada, melted chihuahua cheese and crema fresca.  Everything was very good including the service until our waiter was reassigned to duties at the bar.
The food here is great.  The service sucks.

First, I came here for dinner and drinks with my husband.  The restaurant looked pretty empty but they sat us next to a service station with a wastepaper basket.  The servers tossed trash past our heads into the trash can until I glared at them enough and they got the hint.  Still, it's not rocket science people. 

But the shrimp Diablo and sea scallops were excellent.  Perfectly yummy.

More recently, I came here for lunch with a friend.  It was packed and you needed a reservation to sit at a table for lunch.  We ended up sitting at the bar and waiting forever for service.  The bartender handed us menus and then proceeded to run around like a chicken with his head cut off.  He just could not multi-task.  For example, if someone needed a drink refill that was his one and only focus.  He couldn't deal with more than one drink refill at a time, much less any other tasks.  It was painful to watch.

Some people sat next to us and they knew the drill.  When the bartender tried to hand them menus, they refused and rattled off what they wanted before he could get away.  When we tried to order from him after they did, the bartender wasn't having it.  Apparently he could only handle one task at once.  When we finally got him to take our order, he complained to us like it was our fault.  He said, and I quote, "It's not like I'm just hanging out back here."  Ok.  We had to remind him to bring our drink orders and had doubts that he even put our lunch order in.  It was horrendous.

By the time we got our food, my friend was starving.  She ordered the tortilla soup without cheese because she can't have cheese.  But it came with it anyway.  She had some and then focused on her cheese-free salad.  We knew we'd be there for another hour if we tried to resolve the soup issue, so we just let it go.  I hope she didn't get sick.

But once again, the food was excellent.  I had the chicken tostada salad which is deconstructed - not exactly what I expected. At first I thought they gave me the wrong thing. But it was really good. It comes with a whole chicken breast and then the tostada off to the side.  The chicken was nice and juicy.  It comes with a great, spicy sauce.  The tostada was crisp with the right amount of beans, salsa, guacamole, cheese, and crema.

The design of this place is just stupid.  A large chunk of the middle of the bar is taken up by a pile of ice with tequila in it.  Why I have no idea.  And they used to have tables across from the bar but they took those out to put in couches and ottomans.  All this makes no sense to me.  It's not like people are going to the World Market Center to go clubbing.  Yet they are designing it like a club for some reason.  But the restaurant could use more seating, especially during lunch.  They should bring out the couches and weird ice thing on the bar during dinner when it's dead if they think it's so brilliant.

They do not have the staff to handle the occasional demand for this place.  Plus, the staff I've encountered lack basic common sense. It's disappointing because the food is really well-executed.  Maybe takeout?  I have to give it an A-OK because I love the food.  I hope the service will get better.  I'll give it a few months and try again.  Perhaps.
Mundo is owned by longtime Las Vegas businessman George Harris. Mr. Harris is known for putting his money where his mouth is, taking political stands, backing candidates, launching a better tequila and now, opening Mundo Restaurant in the city of Las Vegas. I mention that it is in the city for locals who'll understand that it would have been easier to be closer to the Strip, in the county but Harris did right by Las Vegas at a time when the city needs all the new business it can get.

As I said, George Harris puts his money where his mouth is your mouth will love him for it. Mundo isn't what you'd call Mexican food, it's really high-end Southwestern cuisine.

Mundo is THE PLACE for locals celebratingt a special occasion and of course for visitors look for  THE BEST LAS VEGAS HAS TO OFFER.

-Willie Watters
Las Vegas, Nevada
Place is very good upscale Mexican. I recommend the fish tacos or one of the tamales.
The location is beautiful and interior has a unique touch so it has a lot of promise to be a great daytime business lunch or a cozy dinner date. 

We were just at the Premium Outlets next door and Yelperazzi needs some drinks. 

There were three different waiters coming to our table at first and that's a lot of milling about when they don't coordinate with each other. One already talked to us about drinks, another took our order, another wanted to give us menus and take our order again. The ordering waiter was pushing hard for us to get appetizers when we were going to just try a drink and sit here deciding our next venue. We were just left alone after given drinks and complimentary chips until we were brought a check. 

I got the Mundo Martini - Elnino said mine tasted like mountain dew blue. I've never had that, but the blue curacao and pineapple definitely come through and it's a sweet drink. I liked mine, but it wasn't the most palette tantalizing drink out there.

The Sassy Senority Margarita went to our sassy gal Lily. It has prickly pear in it and the juice was going bad which made the "feet" taste. We suggest they taste check their juices periodically. 

Elninos drink, the Paloma had grapefruit in it, but I barely tasted it since it seems they didn't put juice- just a fruit slice. It was strong alcohol if you drink from one part of the drink and then water on the other. Mixed up well since the flavors weren't together and then it was watered down vodka with a grapefruit in it. 

El Andys probably was the most "complex" in fragrance, but still was more sweet than anything. Still, the Spanish Kiss wasn't even a peck on the cheek. 

All our drinks were $8-$11 which is a theft for drinks that didn't impress.(Sorry and thanks El Andy). Shoulda went to Herbs&Rye for a cocktail! 

 So this isn't our spot for drinks it seems but I'll give them another try for Happy Hour appetizers and also I have a GC for dinner so I'll save the next review for the most important items- the food. For now, I think for the weirdly enthusiastic, pushy service turned cold to the subpar drinks the 2 I think is fair.
First of all, I probably never NEVER ever EVER would have discovered this restaurant without yelp's assistance. Thanks for that yelp. This Mexican restaurant is tucked away in the World Market Center, which most people in Vegas are clueless about anyway. I strolled in here on a Saturday afternoon w/ a friend around 2. Even though the showrooms of the center were closed for the weekend, Mundo had a few groups of patrons. From the moment you walk in you just feel cool. You already feel like you aren't in Vegas from the outside. There is chic (and comfortable) furniture, trendy mirrors, CNN on the plasma, and a pleasant vibe. Its fancy, but not so fancy it makes you feel like you have to use your most prim and proper behavior. The waiters were very attentive, the menu is easy, drinks come in large wine type glasses, and you get complimentary tortilla chips and sauces. 

I had the "Chicken Tostida Salad" and my friend just got some guacamole (its ridiculously priced at $9, but its mashed fresh to order). Although I expected a larger portion of the salad, it was divine! In all honesty, best salad I've ever tasted. The chicken was roasted to perfection and very tender. Be warned, it is spicy, but I probably should have expected that. For iced tea (unsweetened) and a salad, my order came to $17.30. The waiters were very friendly and stopped by our table multiple times to check on us.

I HIGHLY recommend this place. Can't wait to go back and get some more. As its not at all noticeable from the outside, its definitely a local surprise that everyone should experience.
I have been to this resturant three times so that should tell you that it is a good place to eat. the food is awsome the love the fact that the dinner menu is different from the lunch menu which allows you to try several different items on the meni. the happy hour portions are nice size as well for you to have sometyhing to snack on while having drinks. The pricing is well worth what you get in food size and taste. The one issue that needs to be addressed is the service. thw two times i was there i had servers who seemed as if they had just started with the resturant. Overall i would for sure tell people to try this place i will be going back when my friends come into town in two months.
Can you say FOOD-GASM? well, if you can't, I will say it again for you: FOOD-GASM!

My BFF (best foodie friend), Emily, took a group of us to this place off the Vegas strip, and now I am even more in love with her food "taste."

I am a sucker for any place that gives you more than one type of "sauce" to dip something in--Mundo gave us 3 yummy salsas to delight my tastebuds. 

If that weren't enough, the Rostisado Chicken (Pollo Rostisado) had enough delectable spices to send me around the world flying on food ecstasy. The creamy street corn had a spicy kick which punched my mouth with flavor. And of course I had to try the Jalapeno risotto, just so my stomach could hate me with heartburn. 

This is not a cheap place, but good friends save their pennies and take other friends with them to food heaven. 

Thank you, Emily for being a good friend :)

(p.s. the service and atmosphere were nice as well)
1st of all - you need a map to find the place, and I knew it was in the World Market Center.  The access for locals is tough, the parking is even tougher, I had to circle three times just to find the way in.  

Once in the place I hate to say I was disappointed, because typically I only review places I like, but this place just did not work for me.  I like Carnitas, and they were just not that good.  

My wife had a tuna appetizer for her main course and she enjoyed it, but that did not make up for what seemed like a big price for a marginal meal......
Incredible!  Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere.
Love that they are bringing such a fun time to downtown vegas.  If you like Mexican, you will LOVE this place.
Amazing!! Its a hidden gem. Great Service, delicious food, also romantic & beautiful atmosphere. Two Thumbs up, It's a must Go!
They are getting knocked down a star as I think the prices have gone up.  Still delicious food, but the lunch prices are a little high so I reserve this place for special splurges now.  Happy hour is still kick ass though and I still love the place.
Someone recommended that I try this place and I was more than pleasantly surprised.  We were seated quickly, chips and salsa came, three salsa choices not the typical one salsa.  I had the short rib tamale, and I wasn't sure what to expect, but when my food came (not a very long wait, which is great at lunch time) it was very pleasant to look at, more like a piece of art than lunch.  When I took my first bite...WOW!  Full explosion of flavor, great taste.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant, to which added to me wanting to try it.  My wife and kids enjoyed their lunch, Our waiter was very quick to refill our glasses each time they got low, not empty.  Thanks to the whole staff for making it a great experience!
I'd come back here just for the Queso Flameado - a super tasty mix of cheeses, with a few mushrooms/tomatoes thrown in.. maybe some spicy chilis. Spinach was good, bread pudding dessert was excellent. The two steak entrees were good & excellent, I forget which one was the excellent one.. we were sharing. Man I suck.... but hey my Yelp reviews are more for me to remember where to go than to help you, my dear readers. My friends were impressed with the spunky valet in the hat. Nice decor, and awesome setting at the World Market Trade Center.. feels great to come out of there and see the impressive buildings.
I think I found my new favorite Mexican restaurant! What a great menu of upgraded of Mexican fare with familiar selections such as street tacos, chicken tortilla soup, enchiladas, carnitas, and very tasty sangria with fresh seasonal fruit! 

However, you MUST, MUST, MUST order the the Mexican style street corn. Can you say, HEAVEN on a plate?! Morsels of de-cobbed corn kernels mixed in with a buttery tasting sauce with a little kick of spice. 

Service was good, and ambiance even better. The decor composed Moroccan style lanterns fused with gothic velvet curtains. Great for a romantic dinner for 2 or even a catching up with a group of friends. 

This one will definitely will be on the repeat visit list!
Odd, but neat location. A little hard to find. Great food.
Great food, fun atmosphere. Went here during happy hour..the staff was very friendly and helpful with ideas on what to order from the happy hour menu. I always ask what their fav. thing is. Great hangout spot to relax.
I'm constantly surprised by Mundo.  I seem to wind up here every couple of months, whether for lunch or dinner, and each time they have managed to come up with another tweak to their menu that takes Mex food to the next level.
Is service the greatest in town? No.  Are prices low? Definitely not.  What Mundo does have is a unique, tasteful space, rocking sangria, and a veritable monopoly on gourmet Mexican fare in Las Vegas.  I have yet to take a first-timer here that hasn't been impressed.
My only big complaint is that they took the Roasted Poblano Corn Chowder off of the menu.  One of the most phenomenal soups that I have ever tasted.  If you're a meat fan, I highly recommend the Ribeye, and the Poblano risotto is fantastic.
Mundo has, hands down, my favorite happy hour in Vegas. Ok well one of my top 3!

Popped in with girlies yesterday for snacks and sangria. Sangria and margaritas are $4. Can't beat that!  They make a quality fresh margarita - none of that premade mix crap. There are other drinks offered at happy hour as well. There's about 15 food items to choose from ranging in price from $3 for a moist delicious sweet corn tamale to $10 for steak skewers with chimichurri. The queso flameado and calamari are a must! Chips and salsa are complimentary and Aaron and Mark will take excellent care of you. 

Furthermore, it's awesome inside. The chocolate brown velvet coupled with the bright turquoise accents and hanging lanterns set the scene in this hidden gem.
Thank you Yelp for once again steering us to a fabulous out-of-the way spot we would have never found without you! 
Chips and Salsa are brought to the table (thank you). We also ordered some guacamole. Fantastic. The sangria was above average but the margaritas were out of this world! Our server Jose (helpful, courteous, attentive and all around A+ server) recommended the Shrimp Tamale and it was amazing! I had garden enchiladas which were also great but second to the shrimp dish. Also had the Mexican risotto as a side: sublime. The Mexican corn side dish was good but didn't really mesh flavor-wise with my dish so I think I would have enjoyed it more with a different entree. Too full for dessert! Then, the cherry on top: we got a discount for our Yelp check-in! Whoo Hoo!
To sum up: superb food, exceptional service, delicious drinks, delightful ambiance. Worth the trip off the strip.
Been here twice for lunch! Chips and salsa are good! First time I had the Chilean Sea Bass tacos... yummy but a bit too spicy for my taste buds! Nonetheless, it was still flavorful! Today I had the Steak tacos... Yummers!! Love the decor! Friendly & quick service! Kind of pricey for Mexican food... but it's worth it!
I love upscale Mexican food, so I've been looking forward to eating at Mundo ever since I bought a 3oclockclub coupon to there a couple months ago. I  made my reservation well in advance, assuming that a place like this would be slammed on a Saturday night. Thanks to the directions in previous reviews, parking was a breeze (valet in the north lot - you're right out front of the restaurant). I really enjoyed the decor and atmosphere inside and the service was excellent. Even though the room is very open, our table still had a nice quiet feeling. Then again, that may be because the entire restaurant has a quiet feeling (7pm on a Saturday - 2 other parties eating!). The food was very good. We got the queso flameado to start and seriously, my husband and I were practically licking the bowl to get every bit of that cheesy goodness out. For our dinner we split the chicken taquitos (solid) and the carnitas (excellent). The carnitas was probably 8-10 good sized chunks of pork in a delicious sauce, served with tortillas (corn or flour) and some veggies/guacamole on the side. The meat was really really good. 
This is a pretty upscale place, so the entrees all average around $25. For 1 entree, 2 appetizers, and 2 glasses of wine, our total with tip was about $100.
One problem with Mundo: I wanted to feel like I was going "out" when I came here (yes, I like a little bit of a scene, especially when I'm paying big bucks). Maybe it's more of a lunch place? Happy hour crowd? Maybe the location is just too weird? Not quite sure what the issue is, but I really hope that the place catches on! In the meantime, I will keep Mundo in mind, but will not be rushing back. 
bottom line: great food, great service, cool atmosphere, high prices, no people.
Took some out of towners for dinner last night.  There were muy impressed with the world market center and the lovely decor and ambience of Mundo.

Our food was excellent.  We started with the queso flameado and guacamole.  

Unfortunately, they served our 2 quesos with 6 tortillas and we had 7 people.  Honestly Mundo!?!? You can't serve 1 tortilla per person when we ordered $28 worth of queso??? Not cool.  We asked for more tortillas and received them approximately 12 minutes later after the cheese had congealed.

I had the scallops.  They were seared with a cripy outside and tender inside; topped with a mango  brunoise and accompanied with a flavorful rice.  It was delicious - SPICY!

Everyone else was pleased with their meals too.  All plates were spotless after the meal!

Service was mediocre at best but food delicious as always.
As the only Yelper in my group, I've gotten used to the pressure of "Steph, find us a good place to go." In this case we were in Vegas, where the options are endless! The group consensus was that they wanted Mexican food, but higher end (and I wanted a cocktail!!!)

Found Mundo, and got there at 6:50 pm (Happy hour ended at 7 pm.) I was stoked to make it, because they had 1/2 off appetizers and drink specials. We weren't sitting in the bar, though, and I was told happy hour was just for bar patrons. We couldn't move because we had an infant with us....I guess I looked sad, because suddenly our server changed his mind and allowed us the special pricing. Yay! 

Our party of 4 had a variety of different appetizers, including chicken "taquitos" that were street tacos of the most gourmet varierty. Their calamari appetizer is NOT TO BE MISSED. Next time I go to Vegas I want an order of that all to myself. For an entree, my boyfriend and I shared the filet mignon chile rilleno, and that (along with guacamole, calamari, and bites of the chicken street tacos) was more than enough food. 

The margaritas were fabulous, and on special during happy hour. I think their house margaritas are $3 or $4 dollars. Very fresh, and did not give me heartburn, so I think the mix was homemade. Delish! 

They have an accoustic guitarist play every night, and on this particular night he was playing everything from Frank Sinatra to John Meyer. It was the perfect noise level, loud enough that it was enjoyable, but not so loud that you couldn't hear your friends talk across the table. My perfect decibel level. I think the biggest fan of our group was my 18 month old niece, who was swaying to the music the whole time. 

Overall, we loved the ambience, the service, the quality of the food, and the cocktails. Yelp--you came through yet again. We will definitely be back to this hidden gem.
Awesome
contemporary mexican food, great flavor, if not slightly pricey.

This place is actually located on the ground level of the massive World Market center just north of the Premium Outlets mall, so if you think you are driving the wrong way, you are likely right on track.

There are two things on the menu that stand out, the Wagyu Skirt Steak dinner and the Mexican Street Corn side dish.  We have tried a few things, but these are the best. The skirt steak has great flavor, and the mexican corn is so creamy and lime with just enough cilantro (which I hate) to be perfect.  The flavor on both of these dishes is outstanding.

Now the reason for 3 stars and not 4.  If you order 2 of those skirt steakd dinners with 4 margaritas and you are over $100 without tip, so set expectations accordingly.  Mundo is 4 star on flavor, but I gave them 3 stars as they are just a bit pricey.  Maybe if drinks were less it would be enough to get the bill down and i would have no reservations on a 4 star rating.
I finally got around to trying Mundo. The husband and I dined on a Tuesday night, it was pretty quiet with only a couple other diners. You'd expect service to be top notch, but unfortunately it was confused more than anything. We had three different people check on us, but there was no communication between them. Odd, but on to the food. We started with chips and salsa and guacamole. The guac was simple, fresh and tasty. Next, we ordered the shrimp tamale and carnitas. The tamale was very good with chipotle glazed shrimp. The carnitas, however, were a big disappointment. There was more fat than meat, the flavor was bland seemingly tasting of wine more than anything else. I missed that tender succulent porkiness you usually get with carnitas. These were such a miss it was tempting to run over to Casa Don Juan to satisfy the craving. 

I tend to favor authentic Mexican but I did like Mundo (aside from the carnitas) better than other upscale Mexican restaurants I've tried -  Dos Caminos, Isla, and Agave.
Update: 
Although only three checkins, I've been to dinner here at least 15 times. Service is alway mediocre and the food always amazing. Be sure to try the sangria. 

As a local, in search for a great Mexican restaurant, I may have found it. 
Amazing food full of flavor. Beautiful interior and good service. I found this restaurant on Wednesday and came back Saturday. On my first trip I had the lunch special of grilled Mahi tacos with mango salsa and today was my favorite dish from any restaurant this year...short rib enchiladas. OMG soooo good, I'm thinking of making the 15 mile drive again tomorrow.
While it is very hard to find the food is excellent.  We decided to try it one night we were headed to Fremont Street and it was well worth the stop.  The soup was delicious, margaritas perfectly mixed and my steak super tender.  Our waiter, Jose, was so funny he had us rolling.
This place came recommended by one of the receptionists at our hotel, the food was excellent, moderately priced, and timely: Things I love. The waiters changed, between ordering drinks & appetizers (the Mexican street corn is a definite MUST) and ordering dinner. So, in the change, they forgot our sweet potato fries, but I'd still say it was a great experience
Mundo is a hidden gem in Las Vegas! Located in the World Market Center, it's centrally located near downtown. Trendy and cool you definitely feel like a VIP. I had lunch with a client at Mundo and had the chicken tacos. Served al a carte, the portions aren't huge but perfect for lunch. We also ordered the guacamole which was made to order and delicious. My tacos were $12, a little pricey for a lunch, but definitely worth the food, service and atmosphere.
Mundo would rate a full 5 stars but I am subtracting a half star for the poor music and the high volume even at 5 PM when there were no young things there who wanted to listen to techno music done loud.

Other than that, I really enjoyed going here tonight.  It is pricey, but I knew that going in and we had a $25 Restaurant.com certificate.

We were brought the chips and salsa and we ordered the guacamole.  The salsa and guacamole were great!  The waiter gave us plenty of time to study the menu.  When we were not yet decided, we asked him over to answer some of our questions. Based on his full knowledge of the menu items and their manner of cooking, we ordered.  My wife got the pollo rostisado with a side of spinach with garlic and onions.  The side came with her meal.  Since she's such a gringa, she had them make the spinach without the jalapeños (what a shame!).  Her chicken came with a great seasoning and she got the tamarind chile glaze in a side dish.  Together, the seasoning and the tamarind glaze were superb!

I ordered the sea scallops with diablo spiced rice, ripe mango relish, and an avocado leaf crust on the scallops.  This was another winner with great seasoning - spicy on the scallops and good zing with the rice.  I ordered a side of Mexican style street corn with chile arbol, cotija cheese, with citrus and cilantro.  The corn was very good and it also had good spiciness.

I decided to go for dessert, too.  I ordered the churros.  They serve them with caramel inside and some caramel drizzled over them.  There's a small bowl of Mexican chocolate for dipping the churros or spooning on and a small dip of vanilla ice cream.  It was a perfect end to this dinner.

I really like Mundo.  I like the interior with its light wall and the chain lamps hanging from the ceiling.  It really was an enjoyable evening.  Service was prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I know I'll be back!
I had this place on my radar for some time. I have been to this group's previous endeavor, La Madonna, some time back and had really enjoyed the cuisine there. Mundo is pretty much the same concept with the same successful outcome. 

I had a gift card that I have wanted to use and I also heard about the 15% off one entree with a Yelp check-in so was eager to try it out.

I had read about bad service from previous Yelp reviewers, but was pleasantly surprised by the service the bartender / waiter gave us. He was very friendly and hospitable. He made the evening quite enjoyable. I started my meal off with an Alien Margarita, which was heavenly, my fella wasn't as lucky with his martini. It was a little, I mean a lot, too strong for either of us to digest. He was a trooper and downed it at the end though. I ordered the filet mignon chile relleno and my fella got the shrimp diablo. Both were amazing. The sauces were perfection, the flavors were well-balanced and the perfect texture. I preferred my dish, but the shrimp was no joke. Super spicy and delicious. I look forward to trying some of the sides and appetizers when I come back with more of an appetite or during Happy Hour.

We finished our meal with some homemade flan. This was absolutely delicious. I would have preferred no fruit on top as I don't like the mixture of flavors, but this was easily my favorite part of the meal.

I look forward to trying this place again for lunch or maybe even their brunch options and I've heard good things about their Happy Hour. If only the location wasn't so awkward and out of the way. Oh well, totally worth the effort.
If you have $100 to spare on food and drinks, there's no better place to dine. What more can I say than I dine out at least twice a week and it's mi all time favorito! Might I also note, I'm super critical when it comes to Mexican food. It is gourmet, but truly authentic.
I've eaten here three times and each time the food has impressed me. A couple of things I like are the portions and the attention to detail. This is not a Hash House (no offense but who can eat that much) second the quality and taste are right on point. One example is the Chicken Tostada. Not what you think but really good. The skin is charred in a way that gives it an amazing flavor and texture.  Everything I have tried works for me. I have only been here for lunch so it's time to ring the dinner bell on this gem. The decor is really nice as well.  As others have stated finding it might be your biggest challenge but the valet is literally steps from the door. It's in the World Market Center on the first floor.
Went here today as a spur of the moment yelp spot.   Was looking for something around Charleston and the I-15 area and lo and behold i found this place.

My first impression was how fancy the place was.  You're ok if you dress casual but you'd feel a lot more comfortable if you wore something a little more dressy.  Like a button up or something of that nature. I walked in with a T-Shirt and jeans thinking it was a casual restaurant and was surprisingly mistaken.

Ambiance is Very classy romantic.  Would be a good place to get to be able to talk and get to know a date.  They have unique chandeliers hanging from the ceilings and a wall of dim lights that gives it that romantic feel

Service was great and very accommodating.  For the ladies the waiter would place the napkin on the ladies lap and all that fancy jazz.  While i can learn to love the feeling i know the ladies felt funny about it knowing we were feeling underdressed.  They were very prompt on refilling drinks and making sure we were very comfy.

Food was delicious.  I ordered the shrimp diablo.  It was filling, packed with flavor and heat (as something with the word diablo in the name should!)   The rice it was served with i felt accompanied the dish very well. My friend ordered the Sea scallops with the mango relish and was in love with that as well.  We all felt full but not quite full where we were uncomfortable.  So it was justly sized portions.

Price of the place is on the high end of the $$.  Typically entree's ranged from 20- 40$ 

Overall i liked the place a lot and would consider a date here if i'm on that side of town.  Maybe a nice stop to fill up before first friday or something.
We had our wedding reception/luncheon here on a Saturday, and they made a reservation for us for 30 people no problem, and had the table ready to go and beautifully decorated when we arrived. They even asked if we had special requests of how we would like it set-up. We ordered from the brunch menu, and everyone was more than satisfied with the food. A couple orders did come out just slightly behind the others, but they made sure to come and acknowledge it, and provided a complimentary entree for us to sample while we waited. The decor of the Restaurant was gorgeous and they allowed us to take wedding photos in a side room that happened to be empty, and even offered to adjust the lighting for our photos. They were willing to split the check by couples, and the entire staff was very courteous through the whole experience. I was nervous about going here for such an important event, considering we didn't know anyone that had actually dined here before, but it turned out so wonderfully, and helped create some beautiful memories.
First of all, what a fun place. Probably a bit hard to find your first time (I was a passenger, so perhaps it's just me being poor with my sense of direction), but it's a little hidden away in the World Market Center. We valeted , which is a little funny b/c your car ends up parked right next to the door, but for a couple bucks, it's super convenient.  Inside, the decor is hip, the tables are very generously spaced - no bumping into anyone on the way to the bathroom.

So back to the dinner. I had the Queso Flameado for a starter, because, well, I can't turn down much that has 'queso' in the name... It was flavorful and interesting with the addition of goat cheese.  

For an entree, I split the Scallops with Mr. L - perfectly seasoned and cooked, great texture.

We were dining with friends that are vegan, and they seemed extremely pleased with what there was available to order, and the waiter was very accommodating with helping them modify certain dishes. 

Topped off with a pretty reasonably priced bottle of pinot noir, and it was a great night!

I hear this place is busy for lunch, but it seemed like a fairly slow dinner time... I really don't want them to close for dinner hours, so please give this place a try for dinner too! :-)
This place is truly a gem. I have been here twice and will continue to go back time and time again. First of all, the Alien Margaritas are AMAAZING! They fresh squeeze the limes, use Alien tequila, and agave nectar. Very delicious! The sangria is also very good but does not compare to the margaritas. Over the last two visits I have tried the sea scallops crusted with ground up avocado leaves, the sea bass in a cilantro jalapeno sauce, and the chile relleno stuffed with filet mignon and goat cheese. These were all delicious dishes but the sea scallops are still my favorite. They come with a rice that has a diabla sauce on it that adds spice and flavor to the scallops. If you do not usually like scallops because they are lacking in flavor you may enjoy this dish. I really hope that word gets out about this restaurant since it is hidden and not many people seem to know about it.
Ok, now it's time to talk a little bit about their brunch!  We went for dinner, which was my first review. Dinner was excellent, but on our way in we noticed a sign for their brunch specials on the weekend. Brunch is perhaps my favorite meal of the day, so it was decided --- Mundo brunch for my birthday :-)

We had a table of 6 I think, and were one of only a couple groups in the whole place. I'd love to see this place stay, so I'm hoping more of you will give it a try!

So first things first. Bottomless drinks. For $20 you get either bloody marys or mimosas (in several flavors far more interesting than just OJ). Our server gave us the great idea of one person ordering one, the other ordering the other, and we could mix-match to our hearts desire! Genius since I love bloody marys, but bottomless could weigh you down after awhile. 

Food - I got the Benedict Mexicano --- DELISH.
Jalapeno corn bread instead of english muffin.
Pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon/ham.
Green chile hollandaise instead of normal heavy hollandaise. 
Genius. It was so good, it makes me wonder why Mr. Benedict didn't just make it this way from the beginning.  

Normally I have order envy, where no matter how happy I am with what I order, I covet what my neighbors have. Not this time. I didn't want to trade, I didn't want to share.  I can't even tell you what the other 5 people at my table ordered, but they all loved it too, so I don't think you can go wrong :)
WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER! 
We made reservations for Mundo Restaurant after a glowing recommendation by a good friend. After days of anticipation my wife and I finally had a date for my birthday - just the two of us. 

We were sat at a table for two next to a pillar by the bar. The first thing I noticed was that my fork on the table was filthy. It looked as though someone had dipped it into melted cheese, took a lick and decided it was too hot to eat so they left it to cool down on the table. EEWW. Strike ONE!!! 

Our server finally came after waiting almost 10 minutes, and asked if we wanted something to drink. Before we ordered our drinks, I asked if he was the server we had requested on our reservation. He replied with a stiff 'NO" and told me the server we were looking for had the day off, OK I thought, no big deal. We were just told to ask for that server because he was a friend of a friend. 

While looking through the menu, my wife asked if any of the entrees were not spicy. He replied, "This is a Mexican restaurant, everything will have some spiciness to it." OK, not the response my wife and I were expecting. Strike TWO!!! We finally ordered our food on his suggestion that the entree, carnitas, would not be too spicy for my wife, and I ordered the sea bass. The server asked if we wanted chips and salsa and my wife and I said "sure". He hollered to someone from there to bring some chips and salsa. 
A few minutes later we received the chips and salsa which were stale and had powdered chili on them. HELLO! 

Our appetizer of calamari was bland. It had two different sauces with it. One which was green and was OK. My wife asked that person who dropped off the chips n salsa, if she could order a frozen drink. She rarely drinks and I guessed she wanted to loosen up a little. The server came over after quite a while and said that they did not have a blender behind the bar to make frozen drinks with. Strange I thought but - whatever. No suggestions on anything else, just sorry no blender. My wife's vegetarian tortilla soup that she had ordered on the servers recommendation that it would not be spicy, was brought with a wonderful presentation by a friendly and sincerely happy young man. Unfortunately the soup was more like a tomato broth. She did not like it - and it was spicy. 

Our entrees came out and dropped off. No one asked if we needed anything else at the moment, if we could use another drink, not even a simple "Enjoy". My seabass was wrapped in some kind of parchment paper. Smelled pretty good, but was too spicy even for me who enjoys spicy food. My wife's carnitas she said was OK, also had some kind of salad to one side which on her first bite made her turn red and cry. She exclaimed "This is SPICY!" The server walks by and I tell him that he had said her dish would not be spicy. His response was, "Oh just be careful with that," pointing at the salad, "it has slices of Habanero in it." I couldn't believe it. The spiciest chili in the world, maybe, was on my wife's plate. And no sorry no nothing. Horrible. 

It came to dessert, and my wife mentioned that we were there celebrating my birthday and the server went into a verbal list of desserts. I think the banana thing sounded OK but I didn't catch it all. My wife wanted the flan and I asked for an after dinner cordial, which the server didn't know if they had or not so he went to check. 

The flan came out with a candle which was cool, but the drink didn't arrive 'till we were pretty much done with the flan - But the bad part about it was that the drink was not what I wanted at all. I tasted it and was very disappointed that the server just left it and didn't tell me that they didn't have what I wanted and assumed that I wouldn't know what he had brought to the table. The server finally came over after about 7 minutes and when l asked, if he had brought out what I had asked for and saw that the drink was still full, he said - "No, but this is better, it's one step up from the other one." I looked at him and said I didn't want it. 

To make it worse, my wife and I couldn't enjoy the rest of the night because we ended up getting sick. We were still burping up the food the next day at lunchtime. A horrible experience all around. So much so that I normally give places a second chance but am 99% sure this will be a first time no go again. The food was OK but not for the price, the service was the worst I have ever experienced. I tried to post something on their website but even their site was not accessible.
We stumbled upon this place, after visiting the Design Center.  I had heard about it from less-than-trustworthy sources (as far as food recommendations go), but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. We went in for a Saturday lunch service, and the place was pretty much empty (maybe four or five tables and our own). The hostess was nice and quickly took us to our table. The decor is electic, I guess, though I thought the wall of sconces was tacky and unnecessary, even more so given that they are located it at a walking distance from one of the only places in Las Vegas were design rules. Other than that, the ambiance was nice, music quite lame (Mexican pop artists, like Paulina Rubio...really?), the lighting dim, and the waiters friendly and biligual. 

We ordered the fried calamari to start (about $15). They were executed well (crunchy, not soggy), and the dipping sauces were nice: one was green, with cilantro and serrano undertones, and the other was basically a chipotle mayo. For entrees, I ordered the chipotle glazed salmon with roasted vegetables, and my husband ordered the short rib enchiladas. The former was very good, though piping hot (maybe left a bit too long under the salamander). It was well portioned, and came drenched in a tomatillo sauce (good), and roasted veggies (including red peppers and zuchinni). It was $18, and overall, it was really good. The salmon was probably a defrosted version, but again, what can you realistically expect in this city?

The other entree, the short rib enchiladas, were very good (for about $16-$18). If you're really hungry, make sure you stock up on appetizers, as this plate only has two, albeit delicious, enchiladas. They are drenched in a red "enchilada sauce" (as most Americans will eagerly call it), and I was pleased to realize that it was very authentic-Mexican-tasting. They were also missing the signature cheddar chesse/sour cream toppings, that were infamously made popular by places like Taco Bell. Overall, they were delicious and I would definitely order them again. 

We asked our waitress for a dessert menu, but she proceded to tell us there were "churros con chocolate" available. We shrugged, then she said they also had flan...and coffee. A bit lacking, I would say, and I would have preferred to look at a dessert menu, even though by that point, I was stuffed. 

Overall, the service is nice, the ambiance is romantic and casual, and the food is good. Do not expect extremely authentic Mexican flavors, but they are good enough to come back. Further, their location makes you feel you are in a real city, with real buildings!
This restaurant is in the World Center Market. My girlfriend and I have been twice for lunch while visiting Las Vegas and both times were very good. The location is a little strange but the decor is great. The last time I got the Wagyu steak fajitas that were delicious. The steak was very tender and the flavor with the peppers and onions was amazing. My girlfriend got the short rib enchiladas that were also very good. The biggest surprise was the toasted nachos from the vegetarian part of the menu for our appetizer. They were simple but delicious. The service both times was a little sub par but still worth it.
I love the ambiance, and valet parking right at the door. The service has always been great with a decent wine selection. I always have gone with the chef specials when ordering, and it has yet to disappoint. Great place to take friends and family out to a new place. In my opinion this is a hidden vegas hotspot!
Easily a five star restaurant. My husband and I moved to Las Vegas almost a year ago and dinner last night at Mundo is the best meal I've had here. The decor is very chic and feels relaxing and inviting and the staff is super friendly. It was my birthday and we had a coupon from travelzoo.com for 2 drinks, 1 app, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert for $55. We paid for tax ($10) and tip ($25) so dinner was $90. I had a margarita and hubs had a mojito, both were good. For our appetizer, we had the skirt steak skewers, they were good. The skewers were served with a chimichurri sauce and a side of marinaded avocados and a kind of latin cole slaw. I had the sea bass, it was delicious. The fish was cooked well and came with a jalapeno and a roma tomato on top and was served with potatoes. It  was cooked in parchment paper and had great flavor. My husband ordered the scallops, they were cooked perfectly and had great flavor. Our dessert was the banana empanadas, they were amazing. The empanadas came with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream and a caramel sauce. I would highly recommend the empanadas. Since it was my birthday, they brought me a free shot of tequilla. I would not hesitate to eat here again and Mundo would be a great place to bring friends, family, or clients. Mundo was not busy for dinner on a Thursday night but that is not surprising since it is located in the World Market Center which closes at 6. I would like to try their happy hour.
My favorite latin food restaurant in Vegas thus far.  it was very romantic/classy but we weren't at all frowned upon for wearing jeans and a t-shirt.  It was overall a great experience and the fact that we parked a little further away made me happy cause we got to walk around after a great meal.  We weren't supposed to but we started browsing around the world market center and window shopping through various showrooms.  Then we got kicked out very nicely.  haha.  The food at the restaurant was fantastic though!
Finally visited this place for the second time and a star bump this time around....service was great, and food was great.

Here is the breakdown:
-Appetizer: Queso Flameado: This is very yummy...Even better than the first time because instead of 3 tortillas, there were 4! Highly recommended if you like melted cheese with tons of flavor (combination of cheese, mushrooms, tomato and a green chile sauce)

-Entree: Chilean Seabass:  Wow, this was so good.  When I ate here the first time, I wasn't a fish person.  This time around, I was glad that I tried this entree.  The fish was super tasty and the fattiness just melts in your mouth.  Was perfectly seasoned and steamed to perfection.  The jalapeno cilantro lime marinade was the perfect marinade for this fatty fish.  yum yum yum.

-Entree: Prime Filet Mignon:  Nice cut, but over cooked.  We asked for medium rare, it came  out medium.  If only this was cooked to how we ordered, Mundo may have received 5 stars,  but that didn't happen.  However, the sauce was delicious.  

-Side: Mexican Risotto : I asked our server which side is the most popular and he recommended this side...we were kinda set on this side prior to asking him for recommendation, but I wanted to confirm that it's good.  Indeed it is!  This risotto had poblano chile, corn and cilantro.  Was very rich and creamy.

-Dessert: Banana Empanadas:  Again, recommendation by our server and yet again, a hit at our table.  It's batter-fried banana with caramel drizzled on top and a scoop of creamy icecream. Was the perfect way to finish this wonderful dinner.

-Drinks: Alien Margarita and Mojito:  The margarita was very good with the salt.  My favorite part of it is after the server pour the tequila from a small 'Alien' glass bottle, the bottle is for you to keep if you wish.  The mojita was nice and strong.

Overall, a 4-star dining experience.  Ambiance was great, the service was great (thank god we had a good server), the food was almost perfect.  Highly recommended.
A friend checked into Mundo and after discovering what exactly it was, I had to try it! Spanish/Mexican fine-dining hidden in the Las Vegas Design Center. When Market starts, I can only imagine how many of the haute interior designers are going to love eating here in the chic modern decor. 

I jumped at the $20 for $40 yelp 'deal'. (not sure if its still available) It was the perfect opportunity to try a new place and save myself $20. Chips & salsa to munch on were served to the table while we waited for our food. We ordered the tamales with blackened shrimp and sea scallops with a spicy chili rice. And being a lover of french fries I got a side of the Mundo fries (regular & sweet potato) to share. The meal was phenomenal!!! The tamales were some of the best I've ever had. The masa was on the sweeter side (which i love) and it meshed very well with the perfectly grilled more savory shrimp. The sea scallops were so flavorful! I'm a person who requires heavily seasoned food and this place is right up my ally.

My mother said the rice was a bit spicy. Not gonna lie, it had a bit of kick to it! But it was a heat that complimented our very rich meal. My tamales were HEAVY ON THE BUTTER!!! So I nibbled a bit more on her spicy rice.

As stuffed as we were, we got the banana empanadas to share. Hot and Cold. Creamy and Crispy. All around a satisfying dessert to finish off our meal. 

TIP: I hear the margaritas are awesome! And don't order the fondue unless you have 4+ people.

They could probably dress their hostess a bit nicer (her butt was about to fall out). But service was excellent! Our waiter was so sweet and more than willing to answer any questions we had.  I'll be back!
I love this place! It has the atmosphere of being in a city like NYC or San  Fran. The fist time I went there I had the quesadilla. It was one of the best I have ever had. Perfectly spicy! My boyfriend had the scallops and they were cooked to perfection! 

Their Brunch menu is to die for! and the prices are great.  I had the huevos rancheros with an egg over easy. WOW! So tasty. I would definitely recommend that dish again, I wouldn't even need to try another, I loved this so much. My boyfriend had the jalapeno eggs Benedict. The muffins had jalapenos in it. I think it was also made of corn bread. Delicious but too heavy for me! Definitely try this place out, it is a gem!
Nice Upscale Mexican Food. The food is very clean tasting with complex ingredients not heavy and greasy like your average run of the mill Mexican joint. My husband said it was the best Mexican food he ever had. We went around 3 pm and it was a dead, we were the only ones there. The waiter said it is super busy at lunch and at dinner time, next time I would go during those times, skip the middle of the day. 

Otherwise a great dining experience!
Quirky... a little secluded and definately worth the hunt. Located in the bottom floor of building A of the World Market Furniture market, we definatley could have used a larger sign. Your best bet is to enter in the back of the buildings on the north side of the property and its right there.

If you remember LaMadonna then you know Mundo. Same great (SNOOTY MEXICAN) food in a relaxing elegant environment. If you are downtown and are looking for an interesting place for a meeting or intimate lunch date Mundo is it. Don't forget to check in on Yelp. I did and a 15% off coupon popped up on my phone.

The weekend brunch menu was delicious. We sampled four plates and they were each perfect.
Husband and I loved this place..the ambiance was nice, the food was amazing.. for appetizeers we had the queso flameado and the ahi tuna tostada both were very yummy; Entrees: hubby  had the shrimp tamale which was incredible, I had the filet mingon chile relleno which was delish as well. Everything was cooked to perfection. We will defintely be going back regularly.
I love everything mundo! The scallops, the guacamole, the liquid pleasure martini, and anything alien tequila.they make bomb alien margaritas! Tres leches dessert! I love you chef!
My boyfriend brought me here for a surprise celebration brunch this past Saturday.  Eleven o'clok on the dot on a fabulous Saturday morning we walk into this trendy restaurant - first ones there and quickly seated of course.  We were seated on a two person table with one chair that looked like a king's throne and the other was just a regular black restaurant chair.  Not that chairs matter because they don't.  The table was extremely wobbly, but their food runner was able to fix it for us.  

Service started off extremely slow.  My coffee and Edgar's arnold palmer came about ten minutes after ordering- which to me is much too long of a wait for drinks.  Edgar could see my annoyance and quickly reminded me to "give it a chance and just enjoy myself."  I know I know.  I'm a bit of a snob with places like this, but hey- I'll give credit where credit is due! 

The drinks came.  Coffee was okay (had tidbits of coffee remnants in it), and his arnold palmer was straight up iced tea.  BUT, the second round of drinks were fabulous, so I'll cut them some slack on that.  It was early, we were the first ones there- I understand the rough patches.

Anyhow - we splurged today.  I ordered the benedicts and mexican french toast.  He ordered the chilaquiles and vanilla pancakes.  

Complimentary chips and salsa were brought out first.  The chips were seasoned, but I wish they were warm.  It seemed like it was just taken out of a bag, and the salsa tasted bottled.  BOTTLED?!  Ahh!  I'm not 100% certain that it was because I didn't ask, but it didn't have that fresh taste.  HOWEVER I won't count this against the restaurants since #1) it's free and #2) chips and salsa - who cares??

Benedict Mexicano: Fabulous.  Their take on eggs benedicts is divine.  Instead of an english muffin they make their own jalapeno cornbread.  It was just a tad too sweet to my liking, but it was nicely balanced out with their take on hollandaise sauce (tasted very creamy - like they used la crema?) and pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon.  Oh, and each topped with a perfectly poached egg.  When you cracked the egg, and the creamy yolk ever so slowly spread throughout the dish like molten lava over a valley, you couldn't help but try to make time go faster.  Okay, the yolk wasn't spreading that slowly, but that's what it felt like - I couldn't help that time was going in slow motion because of the beauty of the dish, give me a break will yea?  But oh my word, it was great!  The hollandaise didn't have that lemony zest taste like standard run of the mill hollandaise.  It was crema creamy and had a slight green chile flavor to it.  You can see the bits of green chile, but the flavor was very very light so not to overpower the sauce.  

Chicken Chilaquiles: Looked dry, but it was juicy as heck!  Everything was nicely balanced, and the flavors - oh the flavors.  It all worked harmoniously together .  

As for the french toast and vanilla pancakes.  Ehh- they were good, but they weren't out of this world fantastic.  I wouldn't go screaming at the top of my lungs for everyone far and wide to try them.  I was searching high and low for the oaxacan chocolate butter on the french toast, and I think it ran away upon arriving to the table.  It was nowhere to be found.  The dulce de crema spread was good and not too sweet, so I liked that.  The pancakes I just got a bite of, so I can't really judge it.  It was more on the dense side, but the vanilla flavor was present and very nice.

They then surprised me with my favorite dessert -- FLAN!  The flan (don't tell my mama) was ALMOST like hers!  It was WONDERFUL!  It was light but decadent and had all the flavors you look for in flan.  Caramely, creamy, sweet goodness.  I reminded Edgar that he wasn't a big fan of flan, so it was okay if he didn't eat it with me.  Low and behold, he forgot his dislike for flan because he helped me with half of it!  

All in all, I'd definitely come back.  The price was great for the quality and flavors you got, and it is definitely a gem of a place.  The decor is trendy, hip and fun - I can imagine how fun it is at night too.  I hope it draws a greater crowd because it'd be terrible to see it go.
I work downtown and have been here several times for lunch.  I keep raving about it to my wife and finally got her to try it with me for dinner a few weeks back.  She went in not wanting to like it for whatever reason and came away as impressed as I was.  Dinner is a completely different menu and equally exciting as the lunch menu.  We started out with the skirt steak skewers, nicely charrerd and perfectly cooked with the best chimichurri glaze I've ever had.  For entrees, she had the vegetarian quesadilla, with a real garden basket of ingredients inside.  I had the filet mignon chile relleno, a different and wonderful take on the traditional Mexican offering.  The service was attentive and professional.  Highly recommend for those looking for an upscale Latin cuisine experience.
Chicken taquitos and the chicken enchilladas were great. The chips and the appetizer salad were also very good. The service was wonderful Jose, Gordon and all the others made the evening very entertaining. Best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas.
Went here for my lady's coworker's husband's birthday to celebrate with some cocktails and to share some appetizers.  Talk about fancy!

This place doesn't remind you of your typical Mexican jaunt.  It definitely isn't supposed to give that vibe to you I guess.  Mundo is called a 'latin chic' restaurant...meaning to me 'frou-frou'.  The atmosphere is very modern and yes, very chic.  Dark woods, light tablecloths, expensive lighting, it's all there.  The crowd that hangs out there strikes me as having some money to flaunt with.  So all you gold-digger yelpers out there...this place is for you!  Ha Ha, I kid...but seriously.  If you find your next rich husband or wife there, throw a guy a bone for hooking you up!

I hear that one of the investors of Mundo was a candidate running for mayor of Las Vegas several years back.  Can't remember his name off the top of my head at the moment.  Oh well.  But the night I was there for the birthday celebration it was busy because Oscar Goodman was in the house, celebrating his wife Carolyn's run for mayor.  So it was noisy, but at least the restaurant was bustling with business.

On to the food.  Verdict came back as pretty good.  It is for sure fancy Mexican/Latin food.  We sampled a bunch of things from their appetizer and dinner menu:

-Fresh guacamole
-Crispy Calamari - with cilantro serrano & sweet chipotle dipping sauce
-Ahi Tuna Tostada - with spicy red chile vinaigrette
-Chicen Satay - with achiote tamarind chile glaze
-Skirt Steak Skewers - with chimichurri glaze
-Steak and Chicken Tacos - with salsa, avocado, onion & cilantro, Chihuahua cheese
-Chilean Sea Bass Tacos - with cabbage, pico de gallo, avocado

Prices were fair for the entire menu, no entree over $35, while many of the items on the menu hovered between the $10-$18 range.  Food was fresh, my favs being the Ahi Tuna Tostada and the tacos.  Flavors were good, not traditional in any sense but modern and updated.  Good overall, although I would say that I would have enjoyed having an old school plate of authentic lengua tacos with onion & cilantro just as much.  I like simple!

We enjoyed many a cocktail as well.  I stuck with a couple of Mexican beers to compliment the food, a Modelo Especial and a Negra Modelo.  My lady tried a Mundo Mojito, and a Mundo Margarita.  Both of which she said were very good with the fresh-squeezed lime.  The premier tequila at Mundo is Alien Tequila.  This is because the owners of this restaurant are also investor/owners of the Alien brand.  Savvy, eh?

Service was good but a bit slow because it was packed, and much of their help seemed to go to making Oscar and his wife particularly comfortable.  Catering to the mayor, right!

If you want a fancy Latin flair night on the town, go to Mundo.  It will fit the bill nicely.  I swear, it kinda felt like J. Lo was gonna walk in with Marc Anthony at any moment!  Or Pitbull with his entourage!  "I was playing with her....she was playing with me...next thing you know, we were playing with three..."

Me?  While I didn't mind this place, I'll stick with my Roberto's, my Cardenas, and my Komex.  That's more my crowd.  Plus, all the lengua tacos and fusion burritos I can eat on the cheap!
What a great place.  Amazing food (Skirt Steak and Sea Bass!), beautiful service ( Thanks Crystal!) and all in a beautiful place.  PS- Don't let the menu scare you off as spicy as it reads.  There is something here for everyone.  Very great restaurant!
As a tourist we came to eat here on a Friday night yet it was CLOSED for a private party. It got good reviews, but how can you be closed on a Friday night in a tourist town with your of notification is a piece of paper on the window. On a Friday? Very poor. Then make you sit outside without offering at least water while waiting for a cab?
This place is hidden away in the Las Vegas Design Center, which is a beautiful building with lots of fun things to see.   Anyhow - the restaurant has a nice, contemporary but comfortable decor - which is obvious, I guess, because of it's location.  The service is pretty slow - we came here for lunch on a friday around 1pm - it is a small restaurant, but in including ours there were probably only 4 table of patrons.  The menu is large and creative, and the food was quite good and tasty.  My only complaint was that my food did not come out hot - it was barely lukewarm - but I had waited so long for it to come out, I was too hungry to send it back.  The same thing for my buddy's entree.  Anyhow - I would go back, but not if it were out of my way.
Wow. Hats off to you Rick Bayless! What an incredible meal. If you are in Vegas, you have to check this place out. It's difficult to find but well worth the trip. 

The decor was beautiful. It had a really nice ambiance and the staff and service were super attentive to our needs. Plus, if you use yelp to check in, you get a free glass of wine :)

For appetizers we ordered the skewers and they were oh so yummy! The little salad on the side was soooo good and the meat was insanely juicy. Their entrees, we ordered the short rib tamale and the filet mignon relieno. I loved the relieno! My boyfriends tamale was delicious as well but I enjoyed mine more. 

To end our meal, we ordered the banana empanada which you HAVE to order! It is to die for! It's warm banana empanadas with a creamy sauce made of condensed milk and caramel topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. This was the highlight of our meal! My taste buds were singing! If you are in the Vegas area, please stop by Mundo.
Went there for dinner.  Good service, very good food, nice decor.  Had sangria, guacamole, and entrees were NY steak (special of the day) and sea bass.  Both were very good.  Would have been 5-stars, but I was hoping for a more inventive menu.  I thought I would see a dish that I have not had before, but I did not.
Great place! Super clean, fast and friendly service! Best food ever!!! a must go to place a little hidden no big deal but worth it.
Slow service, but excellent food.  I came with a group of friends on a Sunday and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of Mundo.  The menu had plenty of options for meat lovers and vegetarians alike and the quality of the food was really good.  What knocked down my review was the slow service and the long, long amount of time that we had to wait for our food and drinks.  But overall, we enjoyed ourselves and the experience.  If you were looking for a quality restaurant off the Strip and beaten path, Mundo is for you.
Store bought chips and salsa what a disgrace! My pork tenderloin missed the flavor and were dried out. My husband ordered the filet mignon chile relleno, and he had to ask Where's the beef ? I drank wine, ok selection menu, my husband ordered a margarita they said it was fresh squeezed, I guess they squeezed the bottle of Margarita mix, and they really push alien tequila, its not even Mexican!
Vegas. It's where you go to get hitched, right? So my wife and I decided on the destination wedding and didn't want to pay to fly out and check out all the venues so we went to Yelp and other online sources to plan our big day. That being said, we both have been to Vegas numerous times so we knew where NOT to go. Haha. 

So we ended up choosing Mundo for our wedding reception dinner based on reviews we found and neither of us had never been here (or heard of it) so coming here was a total leap of faith.

The leap was spot on. Talk about blowing everything we had hoped for out of the water. I'd have to say everyone in our party loved the trip, with the highlight being the trip to this fine establishment.

They set up a spacious back room for us that was decorated just perfect. My wife's jaw dropped as soon as we walked in. The service was absolutely impeccable and we received ample attention and all of our needs were met and exceeded.

The best part...the food. Absolutely delicious. We are from Texas and well, we are used to "Tex Mex" which can be very good or very blah. Mundo was a breath of fresh air...tasty, delicious fresh air. We had the goat cheese queso to start off which had everyone drooling. 

For the dinner selections we had shrimp tamales, sour cream chicken enchiladas, and the filet mignon stuffed chile rellano. I'm pretty sure I was literally the only person who didn't order the rellano....haha. Everyone was moaning in ecstasy how good it was! I had the enchiladas and have to say they were fantastic as well. The sides were delicious also and completed the whole meal.

Now...the good part. They staff at Mundo was gracious enough to contact a local bakery and have a wedding cake made for us. It was the perfect size and it was exactly what a bride would want. It also helped that it was a mouth watering Tres Leches cake (my fave) and it topped off the whole meal with a bang.

If you are reading this and are pondering this spot for a wedding reception...don't even hesitate. They will make it memorable for you! 

We are anxiously awaiting our next trip to Vegas so we can come right back to Mundo!
Had a wonderful night out here with my girlfriends, can't wait to take my husband.  Beautiful atmosphere, great food, great happy hour, great mojitos, wonderful service.  A little on the tricky side to find, but worth the confusion!!
In a word - outstanding.  I spent almost my whole life in CA and have tried hundreds of Mexican/Southwest restaurants and is this is one of the 2-3 best, on par with Frontera Grill in Chicago.  Stellar, creative food; very attentive but not intrusive service (nice job Sean!); outstanding ambiance.  A little off the beaten track, which makes it pretty easy to get in and out of.  We ate the sea bass (excellent but not extraordinary), the shrimp tamales (by far the best tamales I've ever had), a stunning risotto side dish, and breathtaking apple crepe desert. We'll be back for sure.  Aplausos!
From October 2011.

The food was great, the best part of this place.  Service was very good as well.

Initial impression was "you don't have a reservation?"  we were walkins and felt like it by the hostess.  We sat in the table closest to the door and the large cold drafts from the front door opening and closing wasn't much fun, my wife had to keep her jacket on.

So without the hostess and the cold draft in the equation, we had a great time.
Within the first twenty minutes of being here, I decided I would give them one (maybe two) stars. When we entered, there was no hostess, so we went near the bar area and asked one of the waiters if we just seat ourselves. He said, "Yeah go ahead, sit anywhere and one of the other waiters will help you." Ok, no problem. We looked over the happy hour menu and decided upon a Sangria ($5), Mundo Martini ($6), Mundo Fries ($3), and Crispy Calamari ($8). If only there were someone willing to take our orders.... Ten minutes passes by and we still haven't been greeted by any of the waiters.

We notice a group of people coming in the restaurant and figure we're sure to be helped before they are. Wrong! The hostess that wasn't there before goes up to them and starts hugging everyone. They're all given a table, menus, and water immediately. That really ticked us off, so Don just went up to the bar and asked them if we're just suppose to order at the bar and bring the food/drinks to our table ourselves. The bartender felt pretty bad that we hadn't been helped at all yet, so she said she'd get everything for us. She took our orders, had water and complimentary chips/dip sent to our table, and brought the drinks over to our table. She was pretty much our server for the rest of our time there. Her customer service alone is what made us decide to give the place another star. Rather than just making us wait for someone else to finally come along, she went out of her way to start serving us on her own even though it wasn't her job. She kept coming over to our table to ask us how we were doing and how we were liking the food and drinks too.

One of the other servers finally came up to us (before we got our food and drinks) and just said, "Are you guys going to be ordering anything?" Seriously!? As if we were just planning on lounging at a dining table looking around for waiters for no reason... That guy never even greeted or said anything to us in the first place. It was really annoying. We told him we waited for a long time, so we just went to the bar to order. I feel like our bartender/waitress did a better job than any of the actual waiters would've done.

On to the food...

This is what really made me decide to give Mundo a four star rating. The calamari dish was probably one of the best I've ever had. I am a big fan of crispy (not burned) food and, just like the title says, the calamari is very crispy. They managed to make it very crispy, but not oily or greasy. It came with two sauces: cilantro serrano and sweet chipotle . They were both very good; It was even hard to decide which one I wanted to dip my calamari in. I would venture out here just for this dish alone. The Mundo Fries (sweet potato and Idaho potato) were also phenomenal. They were very crispy on the outside but perfectly cooked on the inside. The seasonings added to both dishes really intensified the flavors. I could eat both dishes without any dipping sauces and they'd still taste fantastic. Don described the complimentary chips we got as tasting "organic." I'm guessing that's a good thing? I don't know, but they tasted good with the salsa and both of the dipping sauces that came with the calamari (yes, I like to experiment).

To be honest, I REALLY wanted to give this place one star in the beginning, but the more the bartender helped the more I thought to myself, "Oh no, I can't give them one star anymore, she's too nice!" Then they brought out the food and I was totally sold. This is the perfect spot for a romantic date. The ambiance, delicious food, and super nice BARTENDERS really saved my experience.
This place is located at the World Furniture Market.  There were no events that day, so there was plenty of parking.  The interior is very posh (its in the World Furniture Market, so it has to be nicely decorated).  The chips were over salted, but the salsa was yummy.  It tasted homemade with lots of veggie chunks.  I ordered the chicken quesadilla for $12.  The other two people at the table ordered a cobb salad and the carnitas.  The food took a long time to come out and they were not very busy.  The food presentation was very elegant.  (When I think of Mexican food I don't think elegant.)  The portion sizes are small.  The food was tasty.  The best attributes of this place are the atmosphere and the food presentation.  If you are going for food, then there are better places in Vegas (taste just as good, but cheaper with larger portion sizes).
Everything is great at this restaurant.  If you're in the mood for something light, the salads are the way to go.  Their skirt steak salad is delicious.  If you want a heavier fare they have the skirt steak in soft tacos.  They have great dinner entrees as well but pricey.  You can buy coupons from restaurant.com where you can get a $20 voucher for $2.  Completely worth it. But you can only use the restaurant.com vouchers for dinner.

The drinks menu is extensive.  They seem to push Tobin James wines pretty heavily but I don't mind because their wines are great. Happy hour is fun to go to because they have the same delicious foods but at a cheaper price as well as the drinks.  Their sangria is to die for.  The staff is knowledgeable about wines and enjoy making recommendations.  I usually go for lunch but the dinner ambiance was great as well.  A downtown gem.
Wow, Talk about making an impact.  I was hands-down ready to give this place a 1 star, but thanks to the bartender Mundo gets a 4 star!  

Upon arrival, Jadira and I were very impressed.  Just from the outside this place looked really classy.  Once we got inside we noticed there was a hostess stand, but no hostess to be found.  I stopped a busser that was coming by and asked if we should just seat ourselves.  He seemed a bit confused and told us to go ahead and seat ourselves and that the server would be right with us.  20 minutes later and we were still sitting there... not a single peep from anyone.  We noticed that there was indeed a purpose for that hostess stand because a hostess had magically appeared.  About 10 minutes in to our wait, a large party arrives and was sat right next to us.  The server totally ignored us and assisted the large party first (accommodating them with water and menus).  At this point, I was getting a little frustrated so I approached the bartender behind the bar.  I had explained that no one had even talked to us and that I was interested in ordering.  She apologized and basically became our server while still running the busy bar.  To make a long story short, thank you to the bartender for saving the night!  After the actual server noticed the bartender talking to us, he finally came over and lit our candle and asked us if we cared for anything to drink.  We told him no thanks that the bartender was already taking care of us. 

We visited Mundo during Happy Hour and was very impressed.  The drinks that we had were amazing (especially that Martini in my opinion).  The pricing wasn't too bad either.  We definitely plan on returning.

What we ordered:  
 * Sangria - I'm not a huge Sangria fan ,but this was good
 * Mundo Martini-  I seriously could have had 3 more of these easy.
 *  Mundo Fries-  Sweet Potato Fries... cooked perfectly!  These were addicting!!
 * Calamari-  We are huge Calamari fans and Mundo is definitely in our top 3 picks.

Pros:
 * The ambiance was very impressive.  We absolutely loved it.  It's alot bigger than it looks too.
 *  Live DJ spinning music.  I don't know if this was because it was First Friday, but definitely had good vibes throughout.
 *  Really good Happy Hour.  All I got to sample (food-wise) were appetizers, but if this was any indication of what the rest of the menu has to offer, then I'm sure I'm in for a treat when I go to enjoy the full Mundo dining experience.
 * Amazing Service (from the Bartender)... Thank you sooo much!

Cons:
* Bad Service (missing hostess and didn't get acknowledged for nearly 30 minutes!

Overall:
  I really only had one complaint and it was a big one, but once we did get service and received our food, we were instant fans.  I can't wait to come here and try other things from the menu.  I'll be back and will surely update my review once I am able to do so.  

Tips:
 * Try the Calamari (I'm not sure what the sauces are ,but both were really good).
 * Once it gets warmer, there is outside seating.
started off shaky as no one greeted us for about 10 minutes after we got to our table.  One of the waiters literally walked by us 3 times and didn't say one word.  Right when my boyfriend got up to rip someone a new one this nice gentleman who was working and managing the bar came over and served us.  He was so apologetic and totally turned our experience around.  We had the the tortilla soup that was pretty good and the esquites (mexican corn) was AMAZING, i also had the steak and my boyfriend had the enchiladas and salad which he raved about.  The ambiance is very beautiful and there was a DJ (FIrst Friday) spinning amazing old school funk.  Very fun and hip place, I will be back.
In a city with few outstanding Mexican (or TexMex) restaurants, Mundo stands out as one of the best. Located in one of the northern buildings within the World Market Center campus, it's one of the better off-Strip restaurants. Not only does it have wonderful food, it has an interior to match -- as you'd expect from a place surrounded by a design center.

With a restaurant.com gift certificate in hand, I brought my wife here to celebrate her birthday. We started off with chips and salsa and a wonderful  guacamole with diced onions and tomatoes, slices of radishes, and topped with cilantro and cotija cheese.

The chicken taquito appetizer consists of two taquitos cut in half and topped with sour cream, cotija cheese and green onions, with some lettuce and a sweet chile paste beside them. The chicken was a touch dry, but in combination with the other ingredients the flavors were excellent.

My wife's dish was a large chile relleno stuffed with cubes of filet mignon, potatoes, wild mushrooms, and goat cheese in a smoke chile sauce. If you like a little heat, this is the dish to get. The tender beef was a great vehicle to soak up the smokiness of the sauce and deliver a bold punch of flavor to the palate.

I'm a sucker for some swine, so I went with the carnitas and they didn't disappoint. You'd be hard pressed to find a better version in Vegas. The succulent chunks of pork was sitting in a large mound in the center of the plate with onions and cilantro on one side, avocado pico de gallo on another, and a cucumber habanero salad on the opposite side of the plate. The pork contained a balanced ratio of mostly lean meat with a little fat here and there to offset it with some additional flavor.

For dessert we had churros. The eight small pieces were filled with a caramel sauce in the center and had some additional caramel drizzled on top. Also on the plate was a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a small bowl of chocolate sauce. It would have been a great way to end the meal but they brought out one more thing after that.

An order of flan came out with a candle on top and two of the waiters sang happy birthday to my wife. I definitely wasn't expecting them to sing. I thought they only did that type of thing at TGI Friday's or place like that. But, it was much appreciated. As for the flan, it was unbelievably light, smooth and creamy with none of the eggy taste you get from lesser variations of the dish. Mom, I'm sorry to say this, but I've found flan that's better than yours.

For drinks we had a margarita and mojito, which we were happy with and we checked in through Yelp and got a free glass of wine!

The dinner was close to being perfect, but the service could have been better. Despite our waiter being very informative and friendly, he was too busy to give any of his many, many tables *great* service. But, that's more of a management and staffing issue than a reflection on him. The only other issue we had was when they cleared my wife's plate (of which she only ate about half her meal) and tossed it instead of offering to box it up.

So, aside from a couple hiccups it was a successful bday dinner. One where we were able to save a bit through restaurant.com and the Yelp check-in and still have a wonderful meal. Come to think of it, the food here is a little similar to what you would get at Mesa Grill on the strip, but much cheaper.

4.5 Stars
I had an amazing dinner at Mundo with my husband.  The decor is gorgeous; it's a great place for a date once you get to the restaurant...it's in the world market complex which is a kind of strange location for going to dinner.  I had the deliciously flavored waygu flank steak w/an avocado mixture on top.  I will probably order the same thing the next time I go here, it was SO GOOD!  The side of Mexican street corn was awesome too.  My husband had the Chilean sea bass, he said it was the best he's had.  The mundo martinis and banana empanadas for dessert were delicious too.  The server was very attentive and did an excellent job.
Fancy Mexican food is kinda like an oxymoron to me.  When I think of good Mexican food I think of simple street tacos with fresh flavors.  Meat, beans, rice, and tortillas, right?  Wrong!  

Mundo's is located in the World Market Center.  Walking to Mundo was exciting in it self.  It was like we were in a new city.  Never been to the World Market.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and many of the tables were full.  They also have a full bar.  Looks like if all the tables were removed it could be a good place for a party.

I'll start with the good stuff.  The tables had 2 baskets of chips and salsa.  The baskets were always kept full which was nice.  We also, checked in on Yelp and there was a free glass of wine....naize!  The food was delicious!  I had the carnitas plate.  The pork had such good flavor and was seasoned perfectly with a little bit of sweetness.  The plate also came with avocado pico de gallo, cucumber habanero salad and tortillas.  The cucumber habanero salad really stuck out.  It was seasoned with bit of a vinegar and I loved it! Overall I would have to say 2 thumbs up to the food.

Now, the annoying.  When the server asked for our order he didn't even think of trying to help us decide since it was our first time. When we got our food I remembered that it came with tortillas.  I asked the server where were my tortillas.  He answered by putting his hand on a napkin right next to me which was wrapped around the tortillas. It would have been easier to just tell me that they were in the napkin when you served me my meal. It's a little different when your with a party of 8 but, if it were just me and my wife I would have been more annoyed by our servers slip ups.

Over all it was a great time.  We had great company, a fun environment, some drinks, and great food!  I would have given this place a 5 but, the service was a little off.  Might of been just that one time.  But, if we go again I'll make sure to do an update on the service.  I would definitely go again!
Celebrated a birthday dinner here thanks to go old yelp recommendations... 
Then Celebrated how delicious the food was after!  Ambiance was perfect. Dim but not too dark with contemporary furnishings. Not sure what day time dining is like but it's perfect for a nice dinner out on Saturday night.  

FOODS: 
Delicious for your modern Mexican take on classic dishes. We destroyed the complimentary chips and salsa.  Ordered the Calamari and guacamole. Calamari was meh...I would pass on that. 
Guacamole was fresh and creamy with a little spicy bits in it (recommend).
Then the main course came. Wow. WOW!
Skirt steak with chimichurri was bomb.com (is that cool to say still/was it ever?). The steak (ordered medium) melts in your mouth with the right amount of char and pink on the inside.  Flavor profile was like an explosion of amazingness in your mouth. Not too much cilantro to over power the classic taste of the steak and an avocado mix on top perfectly balanced with the flavors of the steak. 
I chose the mexican street style corn as my side. Anyone ever have "ELOTES"? (you know, the street vendor corn with parm. cheese and chili powder). TOTALLY recommend ordering this as your side, of course it's fancied up with cotija cheese.

The sig-other ordered the shrimp tamales. Now she is a what you would call a shrimp connoisseur. or maybe just obsessed with SHRIMP (a la "Pvt. Benjamin Buford 'Bubba' Blue). This dish did NOT disappoint. The shrimp were of herculean size and were perfectly cooked! Full of flavors and not just a skimpy tamale like your used too.
Overall a delicious culinary experience.

SERVICE:
It seemed like the server was a little off-putting, maybe to the point of acting annoyed to be serving a large party (not really, just 8 people!).  I guess it didn't help when we started the meal by ordering our free glass of wine with yelp check in. BUT STILL! cmon man, i understand gratuity is now included with a large party BUT we can still add more if you give us exceptional service! 
Also, they were grabby with our seemingly empty plates. (umm theres like 3 calamari rings and some guac still, I'm not done yet please ask!)

One good thing was that my water was never empty (one of my standards for quality of service). 
If it weren't for service this place would get 5 stars! 

Overall i recommend this place! DO IT! GO! Cmon!
Mundo truly is "Chic Mexican".  The restaurant is real pretty.  Beautiful atmosphere with tons of lanterns hanging from the ceiling and silver framed mirrors all over the walls... it sets a good mood.  This would be a great place to bring a date (just be aware that its kind of in a odd spot inside the hugeness of the World Market Center!)

The food is pretty darn delicious!  Some of the things we tried:

- Shrimp tamales:  HUGE shrimp.  Perfectly cooked.  The tamales' insides were oh so good.  A little bit sweet and a perfect compliment to the shrimp.
- Carnitas:  Super moist, great flavor.  I wasn't wow-ed by it when I compared it to my shrimp tamales, but still very good.
- Wagyu skirt steak:  What the what!  So good!  The chimichurri gives it such a great flavor and it was so tender.  Its a melt in your mouth type of meat. 
- Calamari:  Your standard calamari.  I liked the breading.  It came with two sauces.  I think it was the chipotle one that was pretty good.

We got complimentary chips and salsa too.  The salsa was so good!  Very fresh and light.

Service was a little strange.  I wasn't sure if we had just one waiter or two.  When you asked them a question, it was like a one word answer.  Its not like they were rude... they just weren't nice.  Plus they kept taking our plates away when we weren't completely done.  It could have been because it was the end of the night and they were trying to move us along?  No clue.  Maybe we caught them on an off night?  I think if we had better service, my experience here would have been over the top.

Although the prices are on the higher side, this place is definitetly worth a try and its great for special occasions.  Don't forget to Check-In while you're here.  They have a Yelp Check In special for a free glass of wine (their house white or red).  Can't pass up free.99!
Excellent concept, cool decor but overall I am not sure Mundo will be on my list for places I will be returning and here's why:

In honor of First Friday my friends and I wanted to have "family" dinner down town this week so the decision was made to try Mundo.

Love love love the decor in this restaurant, it's an eclectic mix of interior design elements, very inviting.. We made reservations and were seated right away which is always a plus. Our drink orders were taken in a timely fashion and our server (forget his name) was very friendly yet forgetful.  It's hard to be annoyed with a server who has a perpetual smile, but he pretty much forgot about all of the little extras my friends and I had requested. Like what? Like condiments, sides, and additional beverages.

The food: good. Yes, just good. I believe my best friend is the only one (out of 10 people) that thoroughly enjoyed his food (some shrimp dish?). My nachos were ok, the seasoning they put on the chicken made it taste like it was burnt and I conferred with another friend who also ordered something else chicken with the same burnt flavor. 

All in all, forgetful staff, ran out of scallops (but took forever to come back to the table to ask which entree my friend would like to have in place of it), took forever to bring the bill, forever to bring change...

I just find it frustrating that when we are one of the few tables being occupied in the restaurant things are being forgotten, ran out of or taking forever to get especially when the price tag on these items does not fall in the one dollar sign category...

Alas, yet another disappointing dining experience under my belt...
The food was very tasty but the service was horrible.... We had a large group.the wait time to order our food and how long they took to bring us the food was ridiculously long. Asked for a side to go with our main courses and it didn't come till after we were finished eating. The decor  and ambience was awesome. They had a lack of workers... Only one server and Bus person for all.
I wanted to like Mundo, and I did, but I think my expectations were a bit high and so I still left a bit disappointed. We went on Valentine's Day but it wasn't that busy around 6p. Started with the Mundo salad, it was shredded with lots of good things like veggies, nuts, and I think some dried fruit. We liked it very much. The queso app that everyone recommends was good, but not great, and I am not sure a bowl of melted cheese is worth $15. The hubby loved his carnitas and my chile rellano stuffed with filet mignon was very flavorful, however, my dish had a severe protein shortage. I took a bite when it arrived and it had a piece of filet in it, I tried to share a bite with my hubby and had to destroy the entire chile searching for a piece of meat. Kind of ruined the dish since I did not want to disembowel my chile to locate the additional pieces of meat (and there were only 2 more cubes of filet in it!) Maybe the kitchen messed up? I don't think there was more than 2 oz of meat in my entree. Also, we ordered a nice bottle of wine. After we had finished, I remembered I had a Yelp check in offer for a free glass of wine. I showed the waiter and he said he would bring me a glass of the wine we had been drinking. Then I heard the manager tell him to give me house wine, which he did, but he tried to say it was the other wine. Silly to lie to me if I am about to taste it and find out! Left a bad taste is my mouth.
Great food, nice ambiance , a new twist on Mexican food. Trust me try it
From someone who knows AUTHENTIC mexican food.. keep it simple. There's no such thing as mexican risotto. Try Tacos El Gordo on the strip.. seriously. http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas-2
Pros:
+Awesome environment/decor
+Friendly waiters
+Prompt service
+Well prepared food

Cons:
-Expensive (especially for vegetarians)
-Small portions

Overall:
Slightly disappointed, especially with all the high reviews. However, the food was decent and I wouldn't mind going back.
I rarely write reviews but this restaurant was amazing! 
Definitely the highlight of our Vegas trip. 
My BF and I stumbled up this wonderful place after being completely overwhelmed by the outlet mall across the way. We were starving and I pulled up a map to see the closest restaurant. We walked in and they were very accommodating, the service and staff are great! We are vegans and they made everything 100% vegan for us, even making us a new batch of tortilla soup!
The food was delicious and not overly greasy. We wanted to try a bunch of different plates to share and we left with full bellies, totally satisfied.
The decor is really nice too, I loved the hanging lanterns.
My wife and I split the shrimp tamales and wagyu skirt steak, and both were exploding with flavor. I rarely write reviews, but this restaurant is definitely worth a visit.
I LOVE this place!! The food & drinks are insane (great) and the service is unlike many others. This is not your typical Mexican restaurant..
Gosh there are so many gems here in Vegas. I'm just loving this town. This was my first time here and it was such a great experience. Just a treat for the senses. We celebrated my friends birthday here. There were about 10 of us and with that many people to serve there could be so many opportunities for failures, but there were no mishaps. In fact everyone was happy. The drinks were flowing, the food was superb and the staff was attentive and the deserts left me speechless. I had scallops over rice. It was perfect. The presentation, temperature of the food, the perfect balance of Latin seasonings and the perfect heat (spiciness). For the deserts we had an assortment of deserts that consisted of tres leches, churros, flan and apple crepes. All were good by my favorite was the churros. (my mouth just watered typing and reminiscing). What made my night also was that they had Mexican wine. I don't remember the name but it was really good. I think it was some kind of granache blend.
Ok, so as mad as I was at 6:30 p.m. the night I ate at Mundo, I have now taken a breather and decided to be fair.  Let me explain...

I made reservations for dinner here before we were to go see Bela Fleck at The Smith Center.  It was our 5 year anniversary and I wanted to have a nice night with a fancy dinner and this place was perfect with its location.  We got to Mundo at about 5:45 and the concert was just a block away and didn't start until 7:30.  Plenty of time, right?

We were seated immediately and I fell in love with the place.  A romantic atmosphere, a great menu with several vegetarian items, not really pricey, and a friendly wait staff.  My husband started off with a beer (4 bucks! It was a steal!) and I had some really great wine (don't remember the name, white wine from Spain- yum).  We started to munch on chips while we looked at the menu.

My husband ordered the garden enchiladas and I ordered the chile relleno.  This is where things started to get hairy.  Apparently there is a vegetarian chile relleno as well as steak.  You can see where this is going, can't you?

We get our dinners and everything looks great.  My husband loves his.  I take a bite of mine and it's really good.  I take a second bite and notice something chewy....that's odd, maybe there's a big mushroom in there?  I start to poke around and find this little brown bit.  Mushroom?  Take a tiny bite.  Nope, don't think so.  Dig a little more and there's a giant piece of steak looking at me.

Ok, so again: I know, I know.  Dietary restrictions... can't be picky eating out.  I get it.  But do you know how gross it is to know you've eaten meat for the first time in 4 years?  Uuuuuughhhhhhhhh.  And it didn't even taste like anything!  Take note, meat eaters!

At this point I am pissed, steak is looking at me, and my waiter is nowhere to be seen.  Why?  Because Mundo decided to have a giant party right next to our table and he was busy taking drink orders for the two dozen people talking as loud as they possibly could.  This party started up about the same time I got my steak chile relleno.  

Well there went our date night.

Romantic atmosphere?  Gone.  Yummy food?  Gone.  Helpful wait staff?  Gone.  It is 6:30 and the concert is starting in an hour.  Needless to say, my poor husband was dealing with a very crabby girl.

So I'm giving this place 3 stars.  It was my fault for assuming there was only a vegetarian chile relleno on the menu but I also think my waiter should have clarified which one I wanted to order (especially after my husband ordered from the vegetarian menu).  And although our waiter wasn't around the second part of our meal, it wasn't his fault that he got stuck with too many tables and the giant party next to us.  I do, however, hold Mundo accountable for sitting us next to the social hour hovering over our table when we had reservations and there were plenty of seats elsewhere when we first got in.  Not cool.

But I have to give credit where credit is due, and the food was amazing.  The VEGETARIAN chile relleno was great and my husband loved his enchiladas.  The chips and salsa were good and the side of street corn was probably our favorite thing.  The beer prices are great and the wine prices are average.  I loved my glass of wine.  Our waiter also did give us a (small) discount for the misunderstanding without me complaining (I'm not the type to yell at waiters).  He was also friendly throughout even though he was super busy.

So, after this giant review I guess what I'm trying to say is this place would have been 5 stars if I wasn't sitting next to the social hour party and especially if I had a meat-free item from the get-go.  The food here is great and the restaurant is beautiful.  It has a perfect location if you are looking for somewhere to eat or drink before heading to The Smith Center.  Just make sure you clarify EXACTLY what you want to order.  I also recommend reservations since it is a little on the smaller side.
Service and food were excellent, starting with the chips and guacamole dip(which you pay for). 
3 of our party had the filet special. Excellent. 
Not your typical TexMex menu. 
Wondered why we have not gone more often.
Nom nom!  So good!  If you want something different when it comes to Mexican food think of this place as gourmet, upscale Mexican cuisine.  It's absolutely fabulous and everything is fresh, fresh, fresh!  Fun, modern, eclectic decor allows for a relaxed evening or a fun night out with friends.  Great stocked bar with one of the best margaritas I've had in Vegas so far. 

However, my only complaint is that when we first went here we came with big group of people and I had made reservations ahead of time.  We stayed a long time, ordered bottles of wine and lots of food.  But for some reason our server was very confused and somewhat irritated when we said we wanted to split the check amongst the couples.  He huffed and puffed about it being difficult to split the check etc. but in the end did it for us even after we marked the bill accordingly with each couples' items. 

I'm sorry, I used to be a server and 1) it's not hard to split a check with the automated system that I saw this restaurant had and 2) you should pretty much assume that one person in a large group of people is not going to pick up the whole bill.  It would have been nice if our server had hashed the particulars with us ahead of time before we all had a wonderful evening and then had to deal with bill drama.  Perhaps if you go here with a lot of friends tell the server up front you will be splitting the check accordingly.

Otherwise, I would highly recommend Mundo as an off-Strip but tasty find.
I can not wait to go back!
My sweetie and I joined a group to go to Mundo sometime ago and we have been meaning to return.  The lighting is beautiful and the decor is sexy and romanatic.  I will NEVER forget the chopped salad, Holy Smokes best chopped salad EVER!  Normally salad is salad, not at Mundo.  Everything there has intense fresh flavors and colors.  We enjoyed the Chilean sea bass so much we went home and tried to recreate it. . . got close but not quite.  For dessert tres leche, it was simply a perfect end to the perfect high end mexican meal.  Give Mundo a try, you will be glad you did.  :)
Best date night place ever! They have amazing food and perfectly well mannered waiters and staff. Constantly kept water glasses filled and hey who can complain about a free glass of wine?! (yelp check in offer!)

But the real joy came from the amazing balance of flavors that each dish encapsulated. We started with the guacamole. And wow what a start. Easily the most flavorful guac I've ever had. There is a little spicy kick to it which kept my hand reaching for the chips for more of the hurts so good flavor. Then I got the Mexican risotto which was also yummy along with the tortilla soup which they pour  from the pot to the bowl table side. The real way to win me over is amazing dessert. Two words. Banana empanadas. They had just the right amount of crisp to them and the chocolate ice cream blended with the banana and the cream sauce effortlessly like a match made in heaven. My taste buds were euphoric as I took in each bite.  Hopefully you one day find yourself here in the same state of joy as I was!

One Tid bit is that they have karaoke on Monday nights which makes it much less intimate but also fun in its own way. I think it goes from 5:30-9:30.
It's true what all the reviews say, its the perfect place for a date night! It's located right next to the World Market Center, plenty of free parking or if you want to impress your date you can valet. We had reservations around 7:45pm, the staff is extremely attentive and friendly. There is a yelp check in deal for a free glass of wine, I don't think anyone would mind that :) When we sat down they gave us chips & salsa, be warned the salsa had small jalapeño's in it and for someone like me that does not eat spicy items I had to make sure to avoid it when I went in for the dip.  I'm a vegetarian so I loved that they had a special section dedicated for me, I hate skimming through options and liking what I read then I hit the meat ingredient and have to keep going. Nothing on the vegetarian section seemed appealing, so I asked the waiter if I could get a simple cheese enchilada with beans & rice on the side and they accommodated to my request. The enchilada was delicious, the tomato sauce had a hint of garlic which gave it a wonderful flavor. The beans were not to heavy and good and as for the rice it was white rice with some vegetables in it, went well with my enchilada. After our meal we got desert, they have several options a delicious churro being on of them haha but I picked the tres leeches cake. I normally like my tres leeches cake liquidy but theres was a little bit more solid. What made it real good was the bits of shaved coconut slices on top, delicious! Overall I really enjoyed my experience and meal at Mundo and definitely recommend the place! If anything go in for a drink and enjoy the beautiful decor of mirror & gorgeous lamps!
i ate here while on business 4/17/2012.  My experience from start to finish was excellent. We started with 3 margueritas that had wonderful lime flavor. the quacamole was excellent. I had a diablo pork chop for dinner that was cooked to perfection. we followed it up by sharing churros and fried bananas for dessert.

If you're expecting tacos and burritos this is not the restaurant for you. if you want a wonderful delight of mexican modern in a fantastic atmosphere then this is your place.

I do think it was a little pricey but perhaps on a relative "vegas" scale it deserves $$$. You can certainly pay a lot more for inferior food in vegas.

Oh, I should add that our waiter was excellent. perfectly trained and very attentive.
Ahi tostada!!! BOMB SO GOOD!!! Fine Mexican dining at your fingertips...reasonable prices. I had the filet mingnon chile rilleno drizzled in chipotle sauce.
Mundo is a new Rick Bayless restaurant in Las Vegas. I've been making annual pilgrimages to Rick Bayless's Chicago restaurants, Fronterra Grill/Topolobombo, since a coworker turned me onto them eight or nine years ago.

Rick Bayless is the man who has elevated Mexican food to a religious experience for foodies. When I asked my partner who is the chef de cuisine at home where he wanted to eat during our week in Vegas, he said "See if Rick Bayless has opened a restaurant in Vegas."

The restaurant, Mundo,  is located in a Frank Gerry inspired complex of buildings near downtown Las Vegas called the "World Market Center".  The development is huge and unfortunately has white elephant written all over it.  I half-expected to see tumbleweeds blowing past the windows. I did a web search this morning and learned that the building owners had just defaulted on a half billion dollar loan.

Mundo itself is unpretentious, a welcome contrast to the overblown ghost town it sits in. We were there on a Monday night and the place was barely half full. We were seated and the chips arrive promptly with a red salsa. Up to this point, anybody unfamiliar with Rick Bayless would have been lulled into thinking "this reminds me of Chevy's" and "maybe I should be a little wild and order the Cadillac margarita".

Then you eat your first chip with the salsa and your taste buds search the salsa database in your head and you realize you haven't had this variation. It's a thin sauce that coats your chip and imparts this smoky, roasted tomato/chili flavor. That Cadillac margarita comes and goes down easily. There is none of the aftertaste you get with high fructose corn syrup.

What Rick Bayless does as well as any chef that I've experienced is that he plays "flavor notes". This is my own terminology for how I experience food. A good chef can register a flavor note or two per dish. Bayless hits several. It's the difference between hearing "Chopsticks" and a Bach sonata.

I skipped an appetizer so I could relax and enjoy the cocktail, chips, and guacamole.  My partner had the Mundo Chopped Salad. There's probably ten ingredients with a chipotle molasses vinaigrette. I take a bite and hear music.

My entree is a chile relleno stuffed with filet mignon, potatoes, wild mushrooms, and goat cheese covered with a smoked chili sauce. Our waiter warns me that the dish can be too spicy for American tastes. Well into my Cadillac margarita, I throw caution to the window and tell him to bring it on. The chili packs a punch but it is a couple of steps in back of my threshold. The filet mignon is tender and favorable. I eat everything except for the stem of the chili. My partner has the Sarape de Pollo. It looks like a quesidilla but is anything but. It is a piece of chicken pounded to look like a tortilla then it's topped with black beans, manchego, mint chimichurri, guacamole, and pico de gallo. He raves about the dish.

We have banana empanadas and tres leche cake for dessert. I barely get a bite of the empanads from my partner but the tres leche cake holds its own in comparison. Our server, Jose, has been gracious and attentive throughout the meal. There is nothing rote about the service. He makes suggestions during the meal to heighten our experience - like adding a bite of the unused guacamole with the chile relleno or going for the Cadillac.

We leave thinking that regular Mexican food will never taste the same again. Until Bayless opens a restaurant in San Francisco, we will have to make pilgrimages to Chicago and Las Vegas.
Amazing food & atmosphere! I had the chicken enchiladas...best I've ever had!  My husband & friends had the prime rib chile rellenos & they had the same reaction. Margaritas are phenomenal!  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because I feel it is a bit overpriced. Must try once for sure & will def go again when in Vegas next!
Courteous well spoken staff (front and back)

We were there this Monday at 8:30 pm.

The food is very good

I won't mention what food to get because all that we ordered was good.

We will return again.

I didn't like the parking situation. It was too far and too dark when we left the restaurant and feared for our lives
I would be a fat broke regular if this place was closer to my home. The food here is incredibely flavored without being overpowering. I had the vegetarian quesadilla and the seared scallops. I was glad I sat away from the other guest because I was being a rude eater because the food was so amazing. I got to meet the chef. He was humble and patiently explained some of his techniques which were innovative.  I give it five stars for the food, the attentive service, and the ambiance!

A must try. I will be back here soon!
A bookmark for far too long, I finally had the opportunity to dine at Mundo last Saturday night.  With a 6:00pm reservation, my date and I were seated immediately.  The restaurant has a classy, but relaxed vibe with most patrons probably having a pre-Smith Center-show meal, because it got a little empty at 7:00pm.  I was a little wary of how the service would be based on other Yelp reviews, but our waiter was very attentive throughout the meal.  We started with the sangria (refreshing), shared the chopped salad (nice and light) which was halved for us, and I had the shrimp tamale as my entree:  delicious!  We finished the meal with the chocolate Tres Leches cake which came with vanilla ice cream.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time there and will definitely return.  
BTW, it was my first time at the World Market Center itself, and there is some nice architecture going on there!
Ate here with clients while in LV for a convention and we wanted to get out of the strip resorts. What a great choice we made! Although off the beaten path a bit, the restaurant itself has beautiful atmosphere - upscale and dimly lit. You must drive or take a cab here as it is not in walking distance to anything.

The margaritas were hand crafted and delicious and chips/salsa/guacamole fresh and flavorful.

Our table started with two appetizers which we shared amongst 6 of us - the Mundo chopped salad was delicious - made with tomatoes, cucumbers, apple, Maytag bleu cheese, and a sweet/spicy vinagarette dressing. We also had chicken nachos. I'm not a nachos person but these were quite good.

For dinner, I chose the chilean sea bass which was sweet and spicy - glazed with a jalapeno citrus sauce and it was over vegetables - fresh sautee of assorted long beans. Co-diners went with more traditional Mexican dishes - chicken enchiladas which were delicious, filet mignon chile relleno, quesadillas - all very tasty and not overly greasy or buried in cheese.

We happened to be there on karaoke night. Had I not been with clients, I would've had some tequila shots and joined in. Since I wasnt in that mind-frame, the karaoke was borderline annoying.

All in all, a good choice - gourmet Mexican is how I would classify it.
If this isn't one of the best restaurant's in Vegas, I don't know what is. I've been here twice and wonder why I don't come once a week. The fajitas are to die for, and the street corn (while extremely rich) is possibly one of the best thing's I've ever put in my mouth. This place is slightly pricey, but worth every penny. Plus, it's got one of the best interior design of any restaurant in Vegas.
Best margarita I've had, ok maybe being generous here but it was definitely in the top 5 and the best part was it was free with my Yelp check in! There is nothing that makes me happier than fresh chips & salsa and a good margarita. The chips were warm and crispy, lightly salted and the salsa was perfect. Started out with the calamari, cilantro serrano + sweet chipotle dipping sauces, delicious and a must if you're a calamari lover like I am, then moved on to the sarape de pollo, black beans, manchego, mint chimichurri, guacamole + pico de gallo. This was so unique and my friend and I ended up splitting it and it was definitely large enough to split especially when you fill yourself up on chips & salsa prior to your entree. 

Valet parking is also a plus (yes, I'm a valet parker) service here was good, and I loved the decor here, very stylish and eclectic. This is a wonderful find.
Randomly found this place while shopping near by and have been back twice since. The appetizers are awesome, the guacamole has a ton of extra ingredients and it really adds to it. Literally the only knock on this place is the quality of the salsa, but it's not nearly enough to make me knock a star off.

I can personally vouch that the Chilean sea bass is amazing, as is the filet mignon. Other than that I can say of the 15-20 people I've been to the restaurant with, not 1 person has had a complaint about about their entree, so I imagine most of the menu is as good as what I've tried.

Lastly, the desserts are all great, especially the banana empanadas. And I won't leave out that I loved the service, decor and overall feel of the place.
Went here after reading reviews on this place and were very disappointed.  We had tickets to the Smith Center and this is right across the street so we thought we would get dinner group of four and then the show.  Our waiter didn't really want to be there.  He didn't explain anything, and when we asked how a dish was his response for every dish is "it's good" but sounded like "eh I don't care."  They brought our drinks in all different types of glasses, so your first mojito in a big glass and then a tiny glass for the second but still the same price.
The food was not at all great for the price you are paying.  I got the filet and I asked medium however it was more well and only a tiny dab of sauce on the side, not enough to actually taste it (the sauce was the best part).  For dessert we were asked, "what would you like for dessert?" Yet no one had shown us a menu.  The service was slow and they were not that busy.

Overall I felt like it had a lot of promise walking in, I did like the decor and the feeling when you walk in, but the service and food let me down.  :(
My girlfriends and I had dinner at Mundo and it was great - almost perfect. We all had their Cadillac margaritas, which was good not spectacular - but we were all in the mood to have a few drinks. Had mojito, sangria, and one other drink that I can't remember now. Their drinks are strong and hit the spot.

We had chips and guacamole, tuna tostada, chopped salad for appetizer, then sea bass, filet mignon, shrimp diablo, and skirt steak as entrees with sides of mexican risotto, wild mushrooms, and spinach with jalepeno.

Of course they have to have great guacamole -- it's a standard for Mexican! No?

The Tuna tostada was interesting... it's a tortilla triangle with a thin layer of tuna with some type of sweet glaze. i liked it a lot, but the rest of the table was just OK about it. We all thought the chopped salad was delicious - lots of little chunky veggies and seasoned so it was a tad on the sweet side but enough acid to balance. I'd eat just that for lunch.

Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I think the sea bass was the best. It was steamed in parchment, and was the most moist and flavorful fish I've had in a while. Next time I go back for dinner, I'm going to order sea bass. Both of the steaks were good but it's steak - nothing special in my opinion. My shrimp diablo was good, just a tad salty but great flavors - a little spicy but tasty. I only at two shrimp -- it came with six -- because I was too full by then. The bed of mexican herbal rice that came with my shrimp was really really good. The sides especially the wild mushrooms are a must. The risotto was OK along with the spinach.

Usually, I go for lunch, and it was the first time for dinner, and it was great. The only uncomfortable thing about the meal was at the end, our waiter come to tell us that we only left him $36 in tip which was 15% (I don't tip on the tax) -- which I thought was a bit rude for a waiter to come and tell you that you had only tipped 15%. We all sort of looked at each other and said, OK... we'll discuss it. We left him a few more bucks...but honestly, it sort of ended a great evening with an odd feeling for the restaurant.
This place is in a weird location but that kind of adds to it's uniqueness. The inside of the restaurant is beautiful. The place is romantic, the lanterns really add a special touch and feeling to the dining experience. The food is very interesting and flavorful but reminds me of Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill so is lacking in innovation. Some of the menu items are a direct rip off of Bobby's recipes. I would say that any foodie could find something on this menu that will please the taste buds. My only complaint is that I did not like the chips and salsa. These might be the worst chips and salsa I have ever had but since they were free it doesn't really matter. I'll be back but it won't be later this month.
short rib enchiladas = yum
The owner cancelled a group reservation yesterday that I had for tomorrow night, and proceeded to tell me that he didn't want our group in the restaurant. He wanted us to rent the private dining room and select group menus, but Open Table or the Mundo hostess I spoke to on Friday didn't tell me that. I told him that he could split us up in to multiple tables, but that it would be an inconvenience -- but he told me that we'd just end up 'taking it out' on his staff and didn't want us there. I've heard from multiple people that their service was horrible, but this takes the cake. It's too bad because their food is good and it is walking distance to the Smith Center. I was a regular customer before the shows, but I won't be returning.
i dined at Mundo's last night and while the premises were quite nice and the food good, the experience was so bad that i will not go back.  although we had reservations, we were placed at a back table in a back room next to a locked door and another door that led to the outside (alley or the like).  the music was so loud we thought we were in a night club and the base pounding was completely unsuitable.  when we asked whether it could be lowered, it was made louder.  when it came time for a check it took 15 minutes.  the staff was rude and condescending, leaving me to feel as if they were doing me a favor.  whereas most good restaurants are all amount the experience, this folks could have cared less.   I WILL NOT RETURN.
The boyfriend and I decided to have date night and dress up.
He planned the night and chose this place as his roommate raved so much about it.

As we drove up, I was pretty shocked that it was in the World Market Center because I thought only people in conventions were allowed in. Low and behold, it was right outside World Market. The walk up was simply amazing as WM is just a huge behemoth of a structure.

When we walked in, it felt so homey and comforting. Like I was in grandma's extremely nice house. All about the lighting, I guess.

We had a table with one of those big/king sized chairs. So big that the BF wound up sitting next to me during dinner.

Our waiter was really funny and informative about his and the restaurant's fave dishes.

Started our dinner with a few cocktails. I forget the names of them but, I know his margarita wasn't as sour/tarte as they normally are so, I liked that a lot.

We ordered the ahi tuna pizza app and it was AHHHHMAAAAAZIIIIIIIIIING.
Crust was thin and crispy. Reminded me of a really good and waaaaay fancier Mexican Pizza from Taco Bell (but, obvs way better)! I could've eaten 4 of them stacked on each other as a meal!

For entrees, I had the Chilean Sea Bass and he had the filet stuffed Chile Rellano; and elote for a side.
The sea bass was soooooo beautifully presented. All wrapped up like a delicious gift!
His filet was perfectly juicy and tasty; and went very well with the spiciness of the Chile. The sauce added extra kick and spice to the dish.
The elote was elote. My FAVE, as always. You can never get Mexi corn wrong.

We were so stuffed that we didn't have room for dessert. Which I would love to come back for.


What's even more great about this place is that they are vegan/vegetarian friendly. I was excited to tell my roommate who is dating a vegan/vegetarian.


All in all, I'm excited for more date nights here. Very romantic and intimate!
So filthy we walked out!

I took my girlfriend to Mundo on a Saturday night.  Things didn't go well from the moment we walked in.  The hostess couldn't be bothered to look up from her iPhone/text messaging and simultaneous chit-chat with a server to greet us at the door.   

We weren't crazy about being seated next to a few very loud tables.  We looked around the room and realized that we'd been seated there because none of the other tables had been bused yet - there were several filthy tabletops. 

We left the table and moved to the bar for a drink.  It was FILTHY!  The were two bartenders behind the bar and a huge line of filthy unwashed glasses.  There was bar debris - napkins, limes, etc.  We waited to be served  - but the two girls behind the bar couldn't be bothered.  We asked for a drink menu, which she handed us over a stack of unwashed glasses. 

We looked at the long line filthy glasses on the bar, the tables that hadn't been bused and the garbage on the floor and decided to leave.  I won't be back.
Fabulous...more than affordqable for the quality of food and the dining experience.  I felt like I should have paid more and I seldom feel that way.  

The queso was ok and I will pass on my nest trip.
The Ahi Tuna Tostada is a must have.
Filet Rellano was the shining star of the meal.
Tamale was excellent.

The best Mexican fusion that I've ever had and much better than the restaurants on the strip that try and fail at the same cuisine.
Mundo is awesome.  Everything was great and we sampled a lot of the menu--the skewers were awesome and the guacamole is a do not miss.  I was fortunate because the night we dined at Mundo, the special was the pork chop.  I know that a pork chop is sometimes not that inspiring; however, this pork chop was divine.  The restaurant is beautiful--great atmosphere.  I only wish I could have had more time at Mundo and that there was a Mundo in my city.
I love going to Mundo! Delish maragaritas and great food. It's strange to see the negative reviews about the hostess and wait staff as we NEVER have a problem. I can vouch for the sea bass and the scallops. Both are phenomenal! Just make sure you don't get there too late...this isn't a late night kitchen, but it's a great place to dine if you're headed downtown for the night!
Maybe it was what we ordered but I was quite dissapointed. Having walked in after seeing such good reviews, I guess I had high hopes.
The restaurant itself is nice-good lighting and ok ambience.
We were offered water as soon as sat down so that was good. The server brought out a complimentary and generous helping of tortilla chips and salsa. The chips did not seem too fresh and the salsa was bland.
He came back to take our order a few minutes later. I order veg chilli rellano and D ordered the veg Quesadilla. The roasted tomato sauce that the chilli rellano came with was ok, and I somewhat liked the flavor of the roasted potato pieces but the rest did not have much flavor. Even though I had requested my dish to be spicy, it was not. I tasted the quesadilla and felt that the black eyed peas that were used to top the dish to have a weird flavor. Took a small bite of the quesadilla and it was dry and quite tasteless.
I wanted to try this place but maybe we went on an off day. For a saturday night, the place was not that busy and seemed to have lots of servers just roaming around aimlessly. Even with that, they took some 15 minutes to collect our credit card and bring it back after bringing out the bill.
Good but not good enough to justify price charged for food.
Great food. Chef rocks
We had reservations at Mundo for 5:15 pm on a Thursday before a Smith Center show. This timing worked out very well, after much consideration.

Overall, this was a great restaurant for the location (if you are attending a show) as there did not appear to be many other options. The parking lot was only a bit farther than the actual Smith Center parking area. Without that consideration, it was very average as a whole.

Our server was very cordial and the staff was attentive. However, when we had finished our meal, our server seemed to disappear for a while before we were able to signal him to bring our check. 

Our party of three had the filet mignon, the wagyu skirt steak, and the carnitas. All of it was tasty, but definitely not what I would consider gourmet. I was expecting a much more diverse palette of taste compared to what seemed like very generic mexican flavors.

I would probably not return to Mundo unless there are no other options for my next Smith Center trip.
My wife found this gem in a article in the San Francisco Chronicle while we were on the plane to Vegas. 

Although our cab driver had a hard time locating it, it's worth the $15 ride off the strip to check out. Mundo isn't visible from the street so if you cabbie can't find it, just point to the very austere building and tell him it's in there.

Over all the experience was EXCELLENT! Our waiter was very attentive with out being a pest and was very friendly. Actually, everybody who works there that we came in contact with were very nice. 

The food was excellent. i had the special pork chop and although it was a little pricy, it was cooked, seasoned and presented excellently. My wife had the scallops and they were excellent as well. Scallops are one of those hard things to prepare well and these were perfect. 

When we go back to Vegas, we'll definitely go back!
It was ok, but nothing that knocked my socks off. Wait rec'd an expensive bottle of wine which w also just ok. All of the food offerings seemed like they were more intent on offering you a spicy food rather than a flavorful one. I am a fan of both but the fire here overpowered any flavor offerings. Others at table felt the same way as even the scallops flavor was hidden by the fire. Busy night in Vegas and hardly anyone here so not so sure how long this one will last unless some changes are made.
Great happy hour and dinner items! Here are my faves:

[Good items]
Guacamole (but the chips suck so garnish on tacos)
Chicken & Steak tacos 
Chilean sea bass entree (healthy, flavors are subtle with hints of spice from the jalepano, and acidity from the lime, soft texture)
Filet mignon chille relleno (my favorite item, the smoked chile sauce does wonders, and I like how they cut up the meat for you so that all you have to do is fork to mouth)
Sweet corn tamale (definitely get a side of this with your dish!)
Sea scallops
Sangria & Margarita (it's good esp during happy hour prices)

[Meh items]
Ahi tuna tostada (sliver of chopped up tuna on fried tortilla basically, flavors were tad boring)

[Bah items]
Rock shrimp tacos (shrimpy shrimp excessively covered in batter)
Mundo fries (no bueno, super dull fries)
The free salsa & chips (probably worst item, but hey it's free!)

Note: During happy hour you have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour deal. But, we talked to the staff and they were nice enough to accommodate our group who wanted both happy hour and dinner items. How cool is that!
Best mexican restaurant in town by far
My friend and I stopped by Mundo before heading to the Smith Center to watch Wicked. We started off with the guacamole and it was delicious! They also gave us chips and salsa. The salsa had good flavor but wasn't quite spicy enough for either of us. We both ordered the sangria and I would highly recommend it.  

We're both alike and we can never decide on one thing. Since she's a vegetarian, I decided to go with a veggie entree so we could both try two different items. She ordered the garden quesadilla and I ordered the garden enchiladas. Both entrees were pretty good!  I would definitely like to go back and try one of their meat entrees though. They also have a brunch menu that sounds amazing. I will definitely be back sometime to give it another try.
The corn was so good! The wagyu skirt steak was good, but not great. A little pricey but the food is good. My wife got the scallops which were tasty.
This has to be my all time favorite restaurant EVER.  I go at least once per month, but would go every week if I had the chance. The food is creative and full of  flavor and depending on what is ordered the portions are generous.

I have had just about everything on the menu but my favorite item is the Chipolte Shrimp Tamales.  The well seasoned shrimp are more like prawns, the tamale is sweet and the it's a pleasant contrast to the spicy sauce. The presentation, flavor and texture combination of this dish have made it my families favorite item to order.

The ala carte sides are unique and tasty and the desserts are designed to share. 

The service has always been great, but every once in a while the staff seems frazzled (but still friendly and professional).
Went there for brunch for my aunt's birthday this place was great. I got the wagyu skirt steak and got my eggs poached. It was a perfectly cooked medium rare and the eggs were just right. My grandpa had the pancakes which I suggest trying because one bite and i was hooked. My mother got a mexican twist on eggs benedict which worked really well with jalapeno corn bread instead of english muffins and pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon  My aunt got the steak omelette which looked good but I couldn't try since I'm allergic to avocado. For dessert (like we needed it) we got the tres leche cake which was good but for me had a not so great after taste but maybe it was because of the other stuff I ate. Over all it was good and will go back again for dinner. On a side note my mom got the bottomless bloody mary which is totally worth it since one is $9 and the bottomless is $20 and it had to be the biggest glass of bloody mary I've seen so be prepared to get a lil tipsy early in the day :)
Very tasty. Easy Parking. Hip design. I plan to return many times.
I have eaten here several times before going to a show at the Smith Center, and have never been disappointed.   You must start with the guacamole.  It is excellent, we ate every last bite and actually almost licked the plate clean.   This visit, I had the Filet Mignon for my main course and my friend had the Chilean Sea Bass.  I am not a big seafood fan, but even I enjoyed several stolen bites of my friend's entree.  

 Everything I have had on the menu is extremely rich in flavor, and beautifully presented.  Most people rave about the chopped salad, but it really was not my favorite.  I wish they would bring back the Bibb Wedge they used to have, then they would definitely have my 5 stars as it would have made my meal perfect. 

Service is great, but I would recommend making reservations if you are planning on attending a show at the Smith Center.  The dining room fills up fast after about 530pm, but the staff and kitchen are well prepared to handle the quick influx of guests.
This restaurant is amazing.  I've had beef, scallops, chicken, salads and everything is good. If you are in Las Vegas, take the trip out to eat at Mundo. It will be a great experience! Take all your friends.
OMG I love Mundo. Been here many times. To all the negative reviewers, are you sure you went to Mundo? Anyway,  the shrimp tamales may be the best thing I've ever eaten in my entire life, period. The service has always been great. Last night I had a Cut on my finger re-open so the server took me to the bar where the bartender squeezed lime on it and the other bartender put salt on it. Needless to say the cut was completely healed in seconds. This is by far my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas hands down. True art in cuisine.
I've heard nothing but accolades regarding Mundo, and decided my birthday would be a nice chance to finally taste the greatness of all that I've read and heard about.

Our waiter made the experience extremely disappointing. We arrived the same time the mayor and her husband did - literally walking in the door at the same time. They finished their meal and were leaving AS OUR ORDER WAS BEING PLACED. This happened to two other tables that were seated around the same time we were.

Our waiter was unprofessional, inattentive and only came to our table when we requested. The best .. when we raised our concerns at the end of the meal he was argumentative?! Who does that?!

The food, outstanding - definitely lived up to the hype - but if I'm dropping $$$ money on a restaurant, I have an expectation that the entire experience is going to be $$$.  

We did speak with the manager on site, and that experience was as disappointing. She responded with the same argumentative tone, and backed the waiter when he listed a myriad of poor excuses for his inattention to our table.

Nothing was offered in compensation, and no apology for our bad experience -- and we were nice about explaining what had happened.

I would like to say I'll be back (like I said, food was outstanding). But I doubt I will, because I won't take the risk that I will be treated like that with my friends again.

See ya at Javiers!
Was at the Market for a business trip and decided to take it easy and have lunch here. At first glance it looked like the place was expensive, and probably not going to be worth it, i was PROVED WRONG when they had a decently priced happy hour. I believe we spent 60 bucks for three people and came out satisfied. The food had great flavor(calamari, beef sticks, nachos, tacos, etc etc)

I WILL eat here again when I'm back in town.
Visited for Dinner before going to the Smith Center for a show with freinds and there were 3 kids in our party about 8 years old.  This is not a kid freindly place.  We asked the waiter for guidance on ordering for the kids and he just said we don't have a kids menu.  So, what are we suppose to do, just get up an leave?  We finally got some help with what the kids could eat but what he proposed was not kid friendly. One item was deep fried to long and was so hard it could not be eaten by kids.  They also charged $12 each for thin, 6 inch round casadias.  Kids left hungery and the waiter was just not very freindly.  He acted too big time to help us and smile.

The adult meals were good and beer was a good price.  Manager was nice and adjusted the bill, but if you have to get to know the manager, it was probably not a good night out or a good dining experience.   Prices were kinda high for dinner for mexican food, in the 20 to 30 dollar range but I liked my meal and it is close to the Smith Center so no worries on the adult meal prices.  

I would go back for lunch but maybe not for dinner and never again with kids.
Best happy hour in Vegas.
Excellent food at happy hour
Great service and great cocktails
One of my regular spots
very good yummy food, the place is very stylish and beautiful. I liked everything. But this place receives 4 starts only because of the very very veeeery bad hostess they had today (Feb. 9) for lunch. when we came in she didn't even lift her eyes to acknowledge our presence, told us to wait for a table and didn't even tell anyone to set up a table for us (while the place had only 2 full tables LOL) and when we (only 2 people) told her that this was ridiculous, she still would not allow us to sit at a table. Very not proper restaurant hostess attitude!!  But, once again, I was to emphasize that the food was great, the rest of service was spot on. I will go back for sure, but I hope I won't see the same sour face at the door.
Located on the first floor of one of the World Market Center buildings, Mundo is the only restaurant open during and after shops at the WMC shops close.

During my two visits, I noticed that chips and salsa were brought out immediately. The wait staff is always there to refill drinks. The recommendations by the staff helped make my second visit a success. There is actual flavor to the food I ordered, not just spicy, it was both. 

The steaks were excellent, which is a different experience from most Mexican restaurants I have been to. The price per entree reflects that this is a higher end restaurant.

I would not advise paying $24 for a shrimp tamale however. That dish should be around $14 max. The street corn and Mexican risotto are great side items. I ordered the Mexican risotto on both of my visits.

If you are looking for a premium meal before or after an event in the World Market Center, Downtown Las Vegas or The Smith Center, do consider Mundo.
went here for our parents' 40th anniversary. called ahead to make a reservation. the staff was very friendly and made our parents' feel special by congratulating them as they walked in (so they had taken a look at my notes on the reservation!). we had a beautiful table awaiting us, the music was soft, the decor wonderful. easy to have conversation, very attentive staff, and absolutely delicious food. 

i would recommend the 'pork tenderloin' as the the single most delicious dish on their menu. 

great place for family. we had a 9month baby with us and the staff was very helpful in making sure to get us any thing we needed and also were kind to the baby.
Went Vegan for MUNDO!

Loved the chic decor, definitely my type of spot. Hidden, modern with a full stock bar. Don't forget the extensive Spanish/Mexican inspired Wine list. 

Appetizer: 5/5
Since your given complimentary tortilla chips and salsa, It was a given duh that we'd order GUACAMOLE. I'm a sucker for guacamole, super fresh and creamy.*

Wine: 5/5
Wine from around the world, I chose Casillero del diablo, merlot 2008, from chile. Thought hmmm Spanish inspired Chile wines a must. Smooth and refreshing, with a little bite. The color was a dark ruby red. 

Vegan Entree: 5/5
I appreciate restaurants that appreciate their Vegan customers. So when I noticed they offered Vegan entree's I couldn't resist being a Vegan for one night. I ordered the garden quesadilla with manchego and oaxaca cheese, 3 bean relish, green chile pipian drizzle. This was surprisingly super yummy. The pop of hot spices and fresh ingredients YUMM.
A gem off the strip.  We come to vegas 2x a year for work and have finally realized in the past two trips that we need to get off the strip to get away from overpriced, mediocre food.  Mundo was one of the places I found and I haven't been disappointed!

Most recently, we ate here last week with a group of 9 for a salesman dinner for hubby's company.  I felt the food would be accessible, there would be a good amount of alcohol flowing, and it wouldn't break the bank for that many people.  And the atmosphere/ look of the restaurant is impressive and beautiful.  When we were there they had a lot of beautiful in full bloom roses all over the restaurant.  

Overall the dinner went really well and we had some wonderful dishes.  Everyone was pretty happy.  The only exception to that was that 3 people ordered the skirt steak dish and said it was on the tough/chewy side and could have used more marinating.

Here's what we got:

Drinks
Paloma- a spin on a Margarita with grapefruit instead of lime juice
Margarita- love their classic margarita and they're only $9!
White wine- paco y lola arbarino from spain- delicious
Red wine- casillero del diablo carmenere from chile- run of the mill red, probably should have gone for something else.  

Apps (shared)
Tortilla chips & salsa- complementary.  Fresh salsa and freshly fried chips.  Nice!
Queso Flameado- comes with piping hot tortillas.  This was delicious but we were sharing and I couldn't tell what else was in it other than the melted cheese on top.  I think there's guacamole in there.  Would definitely get this again.  
Guacamole- this was fine but nothing that special.
Calamari- nicely fried calamari, but not a lot of them to share.  Probably wouldn't get this again.  
Ahi Tuna Tostada- this was an awesome dish.  Comes sliced into 6 wedges.  Very thin crispy tortilla with ground up ahi tuna spread on top.  It has some sort of garlic-y oil on it that makes it taste sooo good.  
Chopped salad- very nice and refreshing.  sweetened with cranberries.

Entrees
Chilean sea bass- comes in a paper "envelope".  Was told that this was a very good dish
Scallops- comes on a bed of rice mixed with corn and some other things.  The scallops looked like they were burnt to a crisp on one side, but actually they were perfectly cooked.  the rice was very nice and a little spicy.
Skirt steak- like I said, all three who got this said it was chewy and tough.  Disappointing to hear that.
Shrimp tamale- hubby got this and he was unimpressed with the tamale part, but the shrimp on top were really good.  Probably not worth the price of this entree.  

Dessert-
Churros- filled with some sort of chocolate ganache with a small dish of melted chocolate for dipping.  Perfect ending to the evening.
Such an amazing experience! The staff was pleasant efficient and helpful. The atmosphere was great and the Food was delicious. We had the sea bass which despite the cilantro jalapeño marinade was very mild and cooked perfectly. The pork loin was cooked to perfect as were the pork chops that were on special. The sautéed spinach was fantastic and the Mexican risotto was a fun twist. We will definitely be back!!
If you're looking for a more chic/upscale Mexican place and not wanting to deal with the strip...

*Great Mexican place for Vegetarians

The service was very good and prompt. They tell you about the specials when they give you the menu - they had 4 additional options that night.
Favorite thing about this place - Margaritas. They use Agave, silver tequila and lime juice...so simple but it's my favorite. 
The salsa and guacamole is ok. The salsa doesn't have a special taste nor did the guac. I love spicy guac or to have the option at least. 

For dinner - 
Sweet Chipotle glaze shrimp tamale. LOVED this! I loved the spiciness of the red sauce. Very good sweet/spicy mix and very creamy corn for the tamale.

Skirt steak - Anytime I can get arrachera, I will do so. This was a very good dish with a side of sauteed spinach with onions and jalapenos. I'm not sure how long they marinade it for, but arrachera usually has a ton of flavor in it. This one was good and tender, just not as much flavor as I'm used to. 

My friend had one of the specials - Pan seared scallops on a bed of rice pilaf. It also was very good. The scallops where very tender and not rubbery tasting like a lot of places around here serve. 

Overall, I liked this place a lot. I think it's a lovely modern setting for a nice date or a small group of people with good food and drinks.
Celebrated my husbands birthday there with friends.  Loved the food.  Everyone was very surprised where it was and how nice it was.  Thank you for a great time.  Peepz
I have a rule when it comes to Mexican food: if the menus are in English, it's probably no good. I am happy to report that Mundo breaks that rule ... really, REALLY breaks it. 

Mundo takes excellent (and fairly authentic) Mexican food and kicks it up just enough to truly make it a dining experience. 

The skirt steak appetizer was served with marinated avocados... I was skeptical, but they were fantastic. My Shrimp Diablo was very well prepared and just spicy enough to enrich the flavor without overpowering it. In fact, everything we tried was excellent, but to be honest, it wasn't the entrees or appetizers that sold us. As authentic Mexican food lovers, it was the Mexican street corn (or Elotes, as we called it when I lived on the border) that really put us over the top. I would order them again with every meal, and on every visit -- and believe me, there will be plenty more visits to come!
If you are thinking of trying Mundo for the first time, please read
this. This was the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant.
Unfortunately we weren't able to try the food because we were verbally
attacked by the owner, Mingo Collaso, so this review is for the
experience only. Here's what happened.

My husband and I (we are locals) called the restaurant at 3 pm, asking
if they were still serving lunch. The host was very sweet and polite
and said they were serving dinner and happy hour. I told her we had a
baby in a car seat (she is 8 weeks old and sleeps all day as newborns do)- and could we bring her into the restaurant with us to eat. She said she'd check and seconds later she said it would be fine.

We arrived, were politely greeted, the host acknowledged that I had
called, and she brought us to our table. There was not ONE OTHER
PERSON in the restaurant. I repeat- we were the only people there. We
sat down and the server/ bartender greeted us and we ordered a
cocktail. We then ordered several items off the happy hour menu. The
baby was being great (still in her carseat), we had cocktails, food on
its way- so far so good.

Then a man (owner Mingo Collaso) walked up to our table and said, "I
want you to know there's nothing I can do about it now, but children
are not allowed in the restaurant." I looked at him with a confused look,
since we had been seated there by the host, and said, "Well, I called
ahead and asked--" and he interrupted me and said, "I don't care. Like
I said, there's nothing I can do about it now." I said, "are you
asking us to leave?" and he responded again, "I don't care."

I asked him, "Why are you treating us this way? Why are you being so
rude?" He responded again about how children were not allowed, and I
pointed out that there was not one other person in the restaurant and
we had called and asked. He repeated, "I don't care," and turned on
his heels and stormed OUT of the restaurant.

We were shocked. I have never been treated this badly in a restaurant
in my life. I worked in the service industry for ten years and have
never seen anyone treated like this. We had called ahead about the
baby, arrived when not a single person was there, ordered drinks and
food, and were suddenly attacked by the owner. I felt like I got
punched in the face.

He was obviously mad at his staff for allowing us in and behaved like
a child by taking it out on us. I will strongly advise anyone who
wants a positive service experience to not go to Mundo. The owner is
unprofessional, unkind, and rude. I literally left in tears thanks to him.
I went here on a blind date and the food was better than the date. The service was excellent and very professional. I had the tacos and they were delicious. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the price. I thought the price was a little high for what you get. But overall its a great date spot and a good place for a nice power lunch.
After UYE event we decided to check out this place , I've never been here so this is a first. At the world market center, parking outside is best rather than the parking lot.

The dining room is spectacular , I felt like I was in a high end restaurant on the strip. It has a modern cool feel.

Chips and salsa: crispy and dusted in a chile spice, salsa is fresh and flavorful, with a slight kick to it.

Unfortunately, I had to leave early for work so I did not get a chance to try the food. I will update this if I ever go to this place again.

This place could have been 5 stars if the hostess would have redeemed my yelp check in offer, which was supposed to be a hi five.
This place is a complete rip off. They charge 4 small tacos and even a single quesadilla for approximately 11-12 dollars and the cheapest food on their menu is a small house salad for 7 dollars that I can easily make at home from grocery produce that I can buy from a super market. I went with a few yelpers after a large event and upon arrival the place was pretty well lit, clean, and cozy; but I was surprised at their menu because it was incredibly limited and devoid of any substantial variety.

It took them around 40 minutes for them to finally finish cooking our meals and from looking at all the dishes that the other yelpers, ordered they looked incredibly small. No single dish could even seem as though it could satisfy anyone's hunger. I believe that you need to order at least 3 or more (which means more spending!) to even accomplish such a simple endeavor. 

Also, the service staff members were kind of creepy. Sure, they all wore nice fancy dress shirts and ties, but we could all tell that they were simply pretending to act nice towards us so we won't complain about spending money on their overly priced foods. They also seemed to enjoy talking in a high pitched vocal tonality for some strange apparent reason (not that they are necessarily brown nosers of course :P). It's easy enough to simply acted as though they cared, but there were very few people in the venue and I could not believe the tremendous amount of time they took to make our food.   

They only exception I can guarantee is the variety of exotic alcohol drinks that seemed to fill up 1/3 of their menu and of course their fancy  environment, but this place is pretty small regardless. I would wish that a better restaurant could occupy Mundo's space because of their grand location near the World Market Center but I'll just avoid this spot for now. 

The only advice that I could give is to go try this place out yourself or if this review managed to fully convince you how terrible this place was, it's better to go buy your own groceries or even travel to Ihop/Dennys for a more superior experience.
Located in the World Market campus, close to the outlet and Smiths Center.  I went here with Yelpers after an event.  Aside from good food, I am a sucker for nice modern interior design which Mundo has.  Plush seats, chandeliers, mirrors, flowers and splashes of color here and there.

We were given complimentary chips and salsa to hold us over before we got our entrees.  The service wasn't excellent but maybe part of it was because we were a group of about 18 people. I ordered the skirt steak tacos but I was given somebody else's food.  The steak tacos were good.  My sangria was a bit watered down.

For the steak tacos, fabulous interior design and location...4 stars.
I am a Yelper that does not sugar coat things. Yelp is my Diary and I write it like it is. Based on my experience at Mundo I am writing a review that places it in the middle of the rating spectrum.

   After the UYE at Springs Preserve, I joined my Yelp friends  for more good times at Mundo Restaurant. I was not hungry but up to socializing with yelpers and a couple of tequilas.

  The tequilas were strong. When I walked into the restaurant later than everybody, some of my yelp friends were laughing and  having a great time. Right off the bat, I had to try their tequila. After I took a few sips of my tequila, I was laughing and very relaxed. The tequila was so good that I wanted another one. This is when I found out that the service here is kind of slow. I knew the waiter was busy serving our group. So I walked across the fancy dining room to the bar. There is an issue. The bar tender was also a waiter. The result was a wait for the tequila. Finally I rejoined my Yelp peers at the table carrying my second tequila.

  The place itself is a nice environment to hang out in. Although it is in the Furniture Center Complex, it is a restaurant that would be at home in Beverly Hills, It is just a very fancy restaurant.

   Interior design and the good times I shared with my Yelper friends is not saving Mundo from achieving above three stars in my review. There are some issues that don't fly by me. First, another Yelper paid for his drink at the bar, and that drink was also reflected on that individuals check. I have been to three restaurants with Yelp peers. This is the first restaurant to add each yelper's tab on one bill. I do not like that! I especially did not like that when the waiter told us that we were $18 short. Even after two strong tequilas! Realistically there is no way to add up everybody's tab and see who came up short. That is if anybody really did come up short. This also begs the question, "If we paid the tip was there still a gratuity charge?" We probably will never know. We each chipped in the extra money to make up for the alleged $18 short of paying the bill. Adding each person's tab on one bill is just poor business. Then alleging that we are $18 short is just poor business. The nice environment and socializing with the Yelper friends with the strong tequila kept the rating at three stars.

Review 66 of the 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge
In Vegas for a Girls' weekend and was super excited we had reservations for a Rick Bayless place.

Mundo is in a design center...somewhat strange locale but the restaurant is 'Latin Chic," we went with it.   We all got super excited when we saw "Mexican Corn" on the menu.  To be fair, this is out great expectation to another experience we had in NYC with mexican corn at a little hole in the wall place...AND this is Rick Bayless IT MUST BE EVEN BETTER! (wait for it....)

The "MEH."  (Would have been aokay at 3 stars)
1.  The sangria was tasty, none of us could get a buzz off of it.
2.  The Mexican corn came out...and it was waaaay too rich.  There was waayyy too much cream/cheese in it to really enjoy it.  Had it been a bit lighter, we would have inhaled it.
3.  Carnitas...had better.  RB didn't revolutionalize or improve upon it. Sadly...meh.

The Grr.... (minus the 1 star)
Service:  overall all the servers were friendly.  However dropped a few balls which wasn't such a huge deal...but don't lie to me about a $2 cup of coffee.

- Initially Jose, our server was friendly, jabs here and there (perfect in sparring with these group of girls).  However as the night wore on...the attentiveness wore off.
He forgot my corn.  Come to find out, he served it to another friend at the other side of the table.  Not such a big deal.
- Then came dessert.  I asked for a cup of coffee with a plate of Churros for the table.  The churros came, we ate it, it was okay, we sat there -- no coffee.
- Meanwhile, a table he was familiar with sat down next to us and he proceeds to yak them up, even pulling out his phone for a slide show and having a complate conversation with the table.
- When he finally got back to our table 20 minutes later, I looked at him and he realized he never brought my coffee and proceeded with the following:
 --   JOSE:   Oh! I am so sorry!  I won't charge you for it, it is removed it but let me give you a cup to go.
 --   ME:  Forget it..  Just take it off the bill
 --   JOSE:  Please. Let me buy you a cup of coffee.
 --   ME:  No, forget it.
 --   JOSE:  You sure?  Okay...well here's the bill, no rush
My friend took the bill and muttered to another friend "ooh...the coffee is still on here"

Now.  Let me set something straight.  It isn't the $2 he charged for my coffee.  Rather , why make the big gesture of falling on the sword with "I am SO SORRY! I TOOK IT OFF! LET ME BRING YOU A CUP TO GO!"   Had that been it, I would have been fine, but no....he lies about a $2 cup of coffee...
We have had lunch here several times, but today, it finally dawned on me that I haven't yelped about this place.  It's legit.  The salsa has a little heat to it, which I like.  Also, the guacamole had a lot of additional ingredients:  peppers, onion, tomato, radishes, etc.  It was fantastic as well.

For lunch, I had the wagyu fajitas.  These were EXCELLENT and for $20 you get quite a lot of food.  The steak is heavily - but not overly so - seasoned, as are the accompanying onions and peppers.  You also get rice and beans, it's more than enough to make 3 good sized fajitas.  We also had the shrimp tacos, which are a staple for us at Mundo.  3 tacos in smaller size tortillas, they fill them to the brim, to the point you will probably have to resort to a fork at times.  They are crispy and flavorful, which is why one of us typically gets them.

Today, we shared the street corn, which is taken off the cob and mixed with cojita cheese, crema, and spices.  It was excellent, better than many creamed corn dishes I've had at fancy steakhouses.  This side dish is a must, the corn is firm and retains a lot of its crunch.  The cheese is noticeable, and the spices add flavor without overwhelming.  Can't believe I haven't eaten this before.

Also, none of our drinks got close to empty.  Excellent service throughout.  Highly recommend Mundo.
The Company and decor  here were better than the food and service...bottom line.

We stopped in for lunch with a bunch of yelpers and I decided to go with the Shortrib Enchilada.  It was good, but a little skimpy on the portion, and priced pretty high for what you get. I guess when you got Rick Bayless attached to a restaurant, then its justified? Nope, not for me

The sevice was pretty bad, and left a bad impression too...don't tell us you CANNOT split checks when your dumba$$ just split some checks within our party!
18% auto gratuity??? one of the stupidest policies ever created....never a fan, especially when a server knows that's already "locked in" whether mistakes are made or not. They totally didn't deserve it.

I'll stick to local mom and pop joints and even the streets, where they serve up Mexican food with SOUL....ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(77/100) "All Show, No Go"
Stopped in after my event to have quick drink w the fellas. Cool atmosphere nice bar I would consider coming back and seeing what the food might be like since I like latin food.
Today i had the opportunity to dine at Mundo with Samantha G her spouse and my spouse Josie L.  I was encouraged by word of mouth to make a reservation due to how busy this place always is. When we arrived we used available valet, and quickly went inside. It was a little busy but not what we expected, really died out once theater crowd had left for show time. We were seated promptly and had drinks ordered and salsa and chips right away, big plus. We had the Avocado dip which was pricey for the amount we got and not too impressive as pictures and other yelpers stated. I had the Carnitas and they were very good and my side of Street Corn was amazing. My wife Josie had a chicken special that she found was really good. Desert was Cherros that were good except for the filling in the middle. We also had the crepes they were good but a little too thick for our tastes. While having desert Valet brought me my keys, business was slow and they were closing down. It was 8:45 PM. Overall a good meal good service. For the prices I expected more.
Mundo is a small place that I had never heard of before. It is located in the World Market Center. We went here on a weekend afternoon and there wasn't a lot of staff. We had a huge table, and they took a while even just to come get our drink order. The place wasn't busy or anything, otherwise I would have forgiven it more. That's a big annoyance of mine. Thankfully though, after that setback, everything ran a lot smoother until it was time for the check. They struggle with splitting up checks. Like really had an issue with it. It makes the place look pretty incompetent and we had to all manually figure out what we owed. They bring you some chips and salsa before your meal. They were really tasty. Mundo makes a pretty refreshing mojito. And after the salty chips, the mojito was very welcomed. 

I ordered the short rib enchilada. You get two enchiladas. At first I thought it wasn't much food, but between the chips, the drink and the enhiladas, I was stuffed. The meat was very tender and the sauce was great! I'd order that again anytime. But it's still pricey for two enchiladas. 

The place has a really nice ambiance as well. It had a really nice design, along with classy lighting. I felt underdressed coming from Springs Preserve. But it wasn't a pretentious place, where you would mind being a little underdressed very much. All in all, if in the area, Mundo is worth checking out. I wasn't head over heels enough to make the trek for it specifically though. Step up the service, add at least one more enchilada for the price you charge (or just adjust the price), and figure out how to use your point of sale system and you'll be a four or maybe even five star spot in my eyes. The food doesn't need to be changed at all though, it was delicious.
Located at the bottom of the World Market Center in Downtown, Mundo is in a fantastic spot near a busy shopping center and the Smith Center. 

Brad L organized a fun get together and all of us were looking forward to our Mundo experience. I'd read a few reviews and seen a write up in a local paper and was ready for Mundo. The decor in this place is very inviting.  It's elegant without being stuffy. We started with a few drinks: beer and sangria.  After we got settled in, we nibbled on seasoned chips and chunky salsa while our group waited for the rest our meal. 

Of the four dishes that we tried, the carnitas plate was far and away the best. The meat was tender and flavorful. Anyone ordering this dish would be satisfied with the quality. I had no issues with the other food, I was simply expecting more creative selections. Perhaps it is not fair to judge a restaurant based on my expectations of creativity, but the location, the decor, and even their website promises customers something ....more.  "[Mundo] is a creative, collaborative effort..." The creativity was more than evident in the lovely decor and space design, but I missed it in the food. To me, upscale Mexican food should have a twist. I can get expected, traditional, delicious fare at a number of places in the Valley for considerably less money. I thought I was paying for a variation on dishes I know very well. That was not the case. The food was good. The meat was spiced and cooked well, the beans were nicely seasoned, and the salsas were full of flavor. The "street" corn was a surprise. It was creamy and crunchy with a bit of tang. It was the best of our side dishes. 

The desert was disappointing.  The churros and crepes were a let down. I whole- heatedly admit that I am not a desert connoisseur. But even more so than with my meal, I am looking to have an experience with my desert. PARTICULARLY at an upscale restaurant. I had no such experience here. Both selections were topped with the same caramel drizzle. The churros came with a side of more caramel and chocolate sauce. They were filled with a soft spiced mixture. I have seen this in churros before, but in spite of the meal, I was still expecting an "elevated" churro. Maybe a twist on the traditional churro? Or at least a traditional churro done beautifully? No such luck. In addition to sliced apple, the crepe seemed to contain a variation of the spiced creme that was in the churro. No gracias. 

Service was solid. They were quick to take away finished plates and they made sure that we had refills. 

VIBE: Nuevo Warm

Mundo didn't blow me away, but because of its location and solid main dishes, I will likely return.
Service is spot on. The "sarape de pollo", is packed with flavor.
This place is awesome has great food very authentic! also the owners of the place actually make alien brand tequila! as good as it gets!
it's good but I expected great.  I had the chopped salad, carnitas and tried the roast chicken.  everything had a hint of sweet.  my biggest disappointment of the night is the server recommending corn tortillas with my carnitas. I would have gotten them anyway but he made it sound like they were house-made.  they could have been right off the smith's grocery store shelves.  lame.
The boyfriend and I took our parents here around Christmas. The hostesses were very nice. Our server claimed he had a big Christmas party he was handling,  so we were very understanding to him not being very attentive. However, we later found out that the party was buffet style and he had help. Needless to say, this was a bit irritating. Our steaks, fish, and pork were cooked perfectly. Unfortunately almost everything we ordered was extremely spicy. None of us mind a bit of spice, but everything being very spicy overpowered the meal and made it hard to enjoy.  All in all I would consider this a decent meal. Although for the price and poor service, decent feels more like mediocre.
Located in the World Market Center in downtown Las Vegas.  My dining companion and I came here due to the positive yelp reviews.  Firstly, I would say that though yelpers have rated it "casual", it's not--I've spent the entire day walking the strip in the heat--casual.  My dining companion was wearing shorts and a t-shirt and felt under-dressed.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas and my dining companion had their carnitas.  Neither dish was outstanding.  Maybe I've had a little too much absolutely amazing cheap Mexican food (in both Mexico and places in CA) but if you're charging me nearly 20 bucks for a couple of chicken enchiladas (no sides), then they better be over-the-moon fantastic.  They were not.  Dining companion reported the $24 carnitas solid but not fabulous.  The one redeeming factor was the service.  Our servers were excellent--friendly, prompt, and everything you'd like a server to be!  4 star for the service, 2 star for the food--split the difference and hit it with 3 stars.
Mundo is a wonderful, modern take on Mexican food. The decor, dishes, and service (and price) are all a step-up in quality from a normal Mexican joint, yet it is still approachable. Yeah, you might feel a little out of place in a raggy t-shirt and jeans that a mom-n-pop joint would gladly welcome, but it is not overly stylish and cold, it just has a bit of modern flare. I have been to this place about a dozen times and have been satisfied each time. However, it should be noted that about a third of those times I have ordered the sea bass tacos, so menu diversification is not a strong point. But let that be a merit on the side of those lovely tacos that are just oh so hard to say no to. I am a sucker for fish tacos and have tried many. Being a connoisseur, it should be taken with some weight that I throw my vote for these tasty, over-loaded tortillas as the best fish tacos in the Valley. They are brimming with different flavors and a touch of spice. Do up the sea bass tacos and your good belly will thank you!
I had a GC for Mundo for at least a year before going to try it out. We finally got around to it for my husband's birthday a few weeks ago.

I wasn't crazy about the location, but it is a short walk from the Smith Center.

We were seated right away. While we were looking over the menus, I mentioned to my husband that I was going to order a glass of wine. And, our server (I think his name was Jose) brought it over immediately without me even asking, which really impressed me. 

Do not fill up on the homemade tortilla chips and salsa they bring you because the food was pretty awesome. I had the cilantro lime sea bass which was excellent, and my husband had the carnitas. He said they were sweeter than what he was expecting, but also delicious. The rock star of the meal was the Mexican street corn we split. It was to die for, and I have been thinking about it ever since. SO GOOD!!!

We ordered dessert. I had the flan and my husband had the chocolate tres leches cake. Both were just OK.

I think we spent around $100 bucks including the tip. Based on this experience at Mundo, I have added it to my top 5 restaurants in Vegas. Great food, and even better service. I already have plans to go back!!
It's on the pricey end for good Mexican food but go for happy hour!  You do have to be sitting at the bar in order to get the happy hour prices.  Free chips and salsa.
I came here with some friends for some early dinner but we were unaware that the kitchen didn't open until 5pm (It was 4). We sat at the bar, had loads of awesome drinks, and the bartender made sure we had chips and salsa the entire time. Once it came around to ordering food, it came out pretty fast considering the restaurant was pretty packed by the time the kitchen opened. I had the scallops, and they were AMAZING. Best part of the night, our bartender gave us an employee discount, making our bill about 50% percent off. Of course, we left the a hefty tip since she put up with us for a couple of hours!
Make res first.  Went on Saturday at 5:30 and they wouldn't seat us.  There were at least 10 tables open, but said they had lots of reservations later that night.  Buzzkill.  We went old school to El Sombrero on Main and Utah instead.  Been there since 1946 and the have the best chile Colorado and Chile verde you could ask for.
Went there for a birthday dinner.  Three of us, two cocktail orders, and one of those was forgotten and had to track the waiter down in the middle of the restaurant 20 minutes later to get it.  Nice glassware for 'tinis, no special glasses for Ritas. Chilean Sea Bass was okay.  Served wrapped in parchment paper, everything from the bass to the potatoes to the tomatoes had exactly the same texture.  The chicken tortilla soup appeared to be beef bullion based instead of tomato based.  Guacamole left quite a bit to be desired as there was a big void in the seasoning.  All in all, will NOT return, nor would I recommend the dinner to anyone.
The food is great and portions can be very large. I ordered the skirt steak (looked to be about a 12 oz portion) with pretty much a whole avodcado on top and came with a side. Delicious but a bit much before a show at the Smith Center where I am not going to bring a doggy bag in with me. My friend had the Mahi Mahi also a good portion that came with chorizo rice and a decent size arugala salad (no side came with this one). In the past, I have had the pork tenderloin and it was fantastic. I would order all three of these dishes again.
Some of the best food I've ever had. Top 10 of all time.
 
If we refinance our home and can afford to eat there again, we will.  Expect to spend $100 for two with a couple margaritas. That's a lot for a few enchilada.
This review only indicates the lack of customer service associated w/ a recent dinner we were suppose to have. Reservations were made to celebrate my bday & I called 3hrs prior to confirm the reservation. The hostess confirmed the reservation but about an hr before our reservation I received a vm that the restaurant was closed for dinner & they could not accommodate our party. I called them back & the hostess confirmed that they had a special event & only the bar would be open tonight for chips & cocktails. Really??? Why accept our reservation & then confirm it the day of. Not a successful way to run a business :( Not a good start to my bday evening!
On 8-10-13, my wife and I had dinner reservations for 6:30 PM.  However, we were running late and didn't arrive until almost 7:00 o'clock.  Knowing that we had show reservations at 8:00, we decided to set at the bar and just have a couple of drinks.  Upon arriving at the bar, we were greeted by the assistant bartender and bartender, both were extremely pleasant!  Our drinks we really good, but the star of the show was the food.  We accidentally ordered grilled calamari instead of the usual fried.  What a wonderful mistake.  The grilled calamari was to die for.  We also had the chicken sate, which was seasoned to perfection.  Can't wait to go back.  We live in California but every time we come to Vegas, Mundo will be a destination.  Warning: It can be a little pricey, but in my humble opinion, it's well worth it (-:
Three friends and I came in for dinner before a show at The Smith Center; I think it's safe to assume the majority of the other patrons were doing the same thing. The show was at 7:30 and we got there just after our 6:00 reservation. Well, two of us got there--the other two were running a bit late but we went ahead and ordered drinks & guacamole. The service was good; they were quite busy and our server let us know we needed to order within the next 5 minutes if we wanted to make our show. We appreciated his letting us know. 

The ambiance is nice as well, and the location obviously is the biggest plus for show peeps. I had brunch here a few months back and it was reasonably priced and decent--plus I think at the time, we were just happy to find ANYPLACE that could fit us in for brunch before a matinee. There is a dearth of decent restaurants around the Smith Center. 

This is probably the main reason Mundo does so well; the dinner menu is quite expensive, the cocktails not much better than Strip prices and the food is okay at best, IMO. "Upscale Mexican." Whatever. I think the word "upscale" is just a good reason to charge more.  
The chips and salsa are good and the cocktails were fine also. The guacamole was really really spicy-- to the point that two members of our party couldn't even eat it. Really? It's guacamole. It's pretty basic and tasty without you trying to all fancy it up with your extra hot peppers or whatever you put in there. It was also $9 for about a third of a cup.

I decided to splurge and ordered the filet mignon chile relleno for $26. Ordered it med rare but was told it is served med well and you don't have an option. I assumed that must mean they were pre-made or something. The presentation was nice and it had potential, but the sauce was so overly spicy that it was hard to taste anything else. The steak itself wasn't that tender or tasty. 

One of my friends had the grilled calamari, which she really liked. Another had the vegetarian relleno and the other had chicken enchiladas. Both of them felt their food was too spicy as well. 

Don't get me wrong; I can enjoy good spicy Mexican food. But flavor should come first, not heat factor.  

We didn't have time for desert and it did take a little time to figure out the $175 check. He said he couldn't split it, which I understand and should have known better than to even ask. Word of advice: when dining with friends and planning to pay individually, bring enough cash. Having waited tables myself, I remember how difficult and timely it can be to split a check so each person can use his or her credit card, especially when they are busy. This is why they will tell you "no."  It is not to annoy you. 

I doubt I'll go back. I guess I prefer my Mexican food more old fashioned and budget friendly. And if I want something more fancy, I'd choose Border Grille any day.
The ahi tostada app was good. Spiced Ahi entree had really good blend of flavors. Hubby's scallops were delish. Dishes reminded me of Mesa Grill, which is one of my favorite restaurants. 

Service was friendly and fast. Ambiance was chic and romantic. Location was a little interesting - right in the middle of World Market.  Overall I would go back again... For the filet mignon chile relleno :)
I ate here for my friends wedding dinner. So there was a fixed menu. The food was fine. Its basically fancy Mexican food that looks better than it tasted. There were not very many authentic flavors in the authentic dishes that were listed. Being Mexican I can be very picky about my food. However my favorite dish was the guacamole appetizer we had.  I gave this restaurant 2 stars because the waiter who was helping my table was rude and overstepped many boundaries. He made a comment about me being white (which I am not) because I was born in the United States. I retorted saying he was racist. He replied with, " You were born here so you are white." I  told him where I was born was none of his business and just because I was born here does not make me white.  This interaction was very off-putting and made me so angry at such a festive occasion.  I left this restaurant with a sour taste in my mouth and quite offended.
Some of the most incredible Latin food EVER! And a very nice surprise not to mention beautifully decorated!!!' Of course it is in the World Market Design Center~
    Warmly greeted with warm tortilla chips sprinkled with cumin and a slightly spicy roasted salsa~ ordered fresh made guacamole, simply deelish!
  I had the brisket red & green enchiladas... OMG, just the BEST! My husband had the Sea Bass  tacos which were also VERY GOOD!
    Wonderful service I think we had 4 different service people. Can't wait to go back at night as decorations in this restaurant should be spectacular
LOCATION: 4 Stars.  Kinda weird,  at the North-most parking / building of the World Market Design Center.  Valet Parking.. Nice, and yes as a Vegas local, I "expect" valet parking everywhere!!  
SMITH CENTER DINING MADE EASY: 5 Stars, it's just across the street.
ATMOSPHERE: 5 Stars-  I want to move in and live inside this place forever! 
SERVICE: 4 Stars. We had a main waiter and his assistant.
DRINKS: 5 Stars- First is first, we had to order a Sangria and a Margarita.  Ahhhh.
My Sangria was sooo  good, I was forced to order another :0p.  
PRICE, I don't remember, but they were worth whatever I paid......  When I move in I can hit the happy hour every day....  (Deciding where to put the sofa in my fantasy right now)
FOOD: 4 Stars, and oh So yummy. Our dinner started with warm chips and salsa brought out to greet us. I had so many sides I wanted to try that I could not decide on an Entrée nor did I want to fill up from a main dish. 
So,first we ordered fresh Guacamole that was even better than mine, probably because I didn't have to make it.   Then on to Chicken Tortilla soup with attractive presentation and taste that did not disappoint. This thick, rich soup had many different flavors blended perfectly without any one flavor being over-bearing. I had read reviews on Yelp that said "you must eat the Mexican style street corn" so we did.  All I can say is the same, "you MUST eat this corn"-with chile arbol, cotija cheese, citrus + cilantro .  MORE MUST: Mexican risotto : -with chile poblano, corn, & cilantro,  AND  Sautéed Spinach:- with charred onions + jalapeños. The soup and sharing of the sides filled us up 'just right' before heading over to the Smith Center Opera night.
I will definitely keep this restaurant on my "Let's go back" list.
Best Margarita I've had since Z'Tejas closed! Excellent food! Exceptional Service. Elegant ambiance. Highly recommend.
Love the cool hip vibe.  We have been here a dozen times or so and every meal has been great. Not really expensive at all for what you get! Great tastes and nice portions. I always leave with a doggy bag. 
They go out of their way to be nice here.  Very nice decor and food presentations. Quality!!!  Lots of people eating here who make Las Vegas a cool town, celebrity hang out without any pretense. On a one to 10 this true Mexican restaurant is a 10.
Very chic atmosphere, but the food was just okay.  Their Yelp offer was stupid - a free high five which the waiter explained was an actual high five.  Really?!  I wouldn't go back.
I order something different every time I go. I am never disappointed, the service is great, the food is phenomenal and the prices are not horrible. I love their street corn, and the enchiladas are flavorful and spicy. I recommend making reservations when you plan on going to the Smith Center before or after because it does get busy and who wants to wait. I can't wait to go again :)
Mundo is a very good choice for pre-theater Smith Center dining.  The staff is used to accommodating Smith Center patrons, and they work to get you served and out on time.

On our most recent visit, we started with the guacamole.  It's very flavorful, and  a nice size portion for 2 or 3 people to share.  For entrees, we had the carnitas and the pork tenderloin.  Both were very good.  Portions here are healthy.  Be careful not to eat too many chips and salsa!
Best ahi I've ever had!! Classy atmosphere and great service! The food is amazing. Not too expensive for the quality either. Very impressed! It's a definite must have when in Vegas. #foodporn for sure!
This place is amazing!!! Love dine in at the bar area, cocktails and food are delicious, tuna tostada is a must!!!!
I ordered the special which was a blackened ribeye which was way overcooked! I ordered medium rare and it was served medium well. Waiter never came back to check on us so I could get another one. I liked how it was blackened but way too done! The others in my party liked their dishes but I tasted theirs and they were just ok. Overpriced! I ordered the special because nothing on the menu sounded that great. chicken enchiladas were served in a bowl. (?) Sticking with Lindo or Don Juans.
This place is not traditional Mexican food at all, all their item are so Americanized. The food isn't bad but its not authentic. The prices are decent for what it is, the location is bad but at least the staff is friendly and courteous. I would go back but only if it was to go to the bar, other than that your not missing much.
We called to make reservations. We left a message but no one returned our call. We arrived to many empty tables and were told if we wanted to dine we could be seated at the bar. As first time customers interested to dine at this restaurant, we decided to eat at the bar. We discovered immediately the staff was not friendly, especially the deep voiced bartender. Not important if a tourist, but critical to a local who appreciates fine restaurants and has the money to spend.  We understood before we arrived that this restaurant was not a Mexican restaurant but Latin fusion food. We enjoyed our  enchiladas, but the margaritas were nothing special (too much ice and small glass for the price). Nonetheless, an above average establishment should not merely rely upon a good chef to gain repeat customers but hire friendly staff to connect with customers so they become repeat customers. As locals who appreciate fine dining, we will not return.
The atmosphere is great and the food is alright (my dish was too spicy), but it is pretty darn pricey for the overall quality. I'd rather go to a fancier restaurant for those prices. The service was a little slow but nothing to complain about. I don't think we'll be going back because the prices don't match the food and happy hour is only for those at the bar boo!
I don't even know where to begin with the good things I have to say about this place. Let's start with the most important thing-the food....Uh-mazing! I have ate here quiet a few times and have tried most of the of menu and I am NEVER disappointed EVER! Every single item is cooked perfectly, fresh, and loaded with flavor. Just perfection. The Sea Bass is one of my all time favorites, it comes out like a present, and boy is it a treat. The queso and street corn is unlike anything I have ever had. Just Heavenly. (My mouth is watering and my stomach is growling as I am typing this.....) the decor is a dream, everything down to the menus are sheik and beautiful! Everyone on the staff is always so helpful, friendly, and fun. Mundo really is a hidden gem.
After getting lost and nearly getting into an accident, we finally found this restaurant. We could not figure out where to park, so we parked in the outlet mall parking structure and walked over. The signage for the restaurant was poorly designed and difficult to see at night; we informed the hostess of this.

There was a singer belting out Rat Pack classics; he was really good. Service is excellent, cocktails delicious, food sublime, and décor wonderful. A perfect experience and highly recommended. Will definitely return, especially after a day of outlet shopping next door, now that we know where this wonderful restaurant is.
My husband & I have been loyal customers of Mundo since they were La Madonna off of Fort Apache. The cheese risotto is to die for!! The pollo rostisado with the tamarind glaze is another favorite. 
Our absolute favorite waiter is Jose. He's very attentive even when swamped with a large group. His busboy is also very attentive. 
If I could eat avant guard Mexican food every day it would definitely be Mundo.
After reading the reviews I was excited to try Mundo. It was a monumental disappointment! I took my wife on Saturday and we were waiting at the hostess stand for almost 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. Then, after being seated, my wife asked for a salad that had pomegranate and they said they were out of pomegranates. We tried to
I have never written a Yelp review before, but our  meal at Mundo's was so confusing and talked about for hours afterwards, so I felt I should start. We went out of our way as the vegetarian selection looked very good and I like to support non-casino restaurants.

The crooner that night was extremely loud. So loud that we simply just stopped trying to talk to each other and stared blankly for the entire meal. I can't believe that this would ever attract people to come to the restaurant, but it certainly makes me not ever want to go back. We figured the food would be excellent, but we were very wrong. The red and green enchiladas was best described as a big bowl of cheese. I ordered the pork tenderloin. For $28, I got four pieces of meat and a basket of fries. The meat was OK, but I guess I was expecting more for $28 at a non-strip restaurant. Jose the waiter was very good, so he earns the extra star.
While working at World Market Center, daily I walk by this place. I yelped it, read reviews, I had to find out for myself what this mystery place was! Overall, I am pretty happy I did. 
The décor is beautiful, but after walking through all buildings at WMC, and seeing all the amazing furniture, art, and exquisite design, I would expect nothing less. They are feeding marketers, design teams, and CEO's from some of the biggest furniture stores in the world, they better have their stuff together. 
I don't think they are open on weekends, and I believe there are no kids allowed. I cant confirm or deny that personally. However I have never seen minors, or staff on weekends. They truly know who their cliental is, and work on catering to their needs. 
My first trip I just ordered some To-go food in between jobs. 
I went with the Mexican Risotto and the Chicken taquitos. 
I would order the risotto again. The rice was cooked perfectly, it was creamy, and had hints of lime, cilantro, and Mexican corn throughout. 
The taquitos were your basic fresh mex rolled tacos. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. 
Also, even though it was a take out order, they hooked up the chips and salsa which I appreciate. 
My second trip I got off early at World Market, and had the time to dine in. They were packed with people, so I sat solo at the bar. Wonderful customer service and knowledge from the bar staff. I was contemplating between a couple dishes, and the bartender told me all his favorites, as well as their best sellers. 
I went with the Mahi Mahi with jalapeno rice and a baby springs salad. 
The salad was bland, and stayed on my plate. I was wishing they served more of this rice, because it came with chorizo and jalapenos and I was loving it. 
The fish was cooked perfect, blackened on the outside but flaky and juicy in the center. It needed a squeeze of lemon, but that's it. 
Prices are on the touristy side, but again, they cater to a specific crowd. I spent $27 before a tip for my fish and a coke. 
Also, parking sucks because there isn't any. There is valet, sometimes. 
Overall, the owners were smart. Not only smart, but someone has a good palate and management skills because the staff rocks. 
I hope they choose to expand their hours, and maybe offer a locals discount? Totally would win me over.
I would give this joint 5 stars if I didn't get a stomach flu after eating here. BUT, this could have completely been my fault. I enjoyed most everything I ate here.

My fiance and I shared the calamari appetizer. we tried our friends grilled calamari appetizer and I actually prefer that texture and taste better than the fried.

We then shared a diablo shrimp platter that was packed full of flavor and is definitely on the spicy tip, but not too too spicy where you can no longer taste the flavors. It was perfect and actually enough to split into 2 entrees (if you tell them you are sharing, the y will split the entree for you).

The table then shared the churros, which were really good! Warm, and with ice cream; yum!

We also shared the street corn; this was bomb.com/amazing!

The ambiance here is quite inviting. They had a live performer singing beautiful melodies that I didnt' realize was a real person until I turned around to look at him. This is a great place for date night, or a nice family dinner or dinner with close friends. It provides an intimate setting, and great food!
Very out of the way and hard to find (walk DEEP into the parking lot), but delicious food and good drinks.  The skirt steak skewers were fantastic.
was about a year ago, went here for breakfast

friends stuck with basic bacon and eggs choice, so really can't judge place on that

I don't recall exactly what I had, I know it was a pork dish with a corn cake and egg, maybe a modern take on huervos rancheros?

in any case, we haven't been back, not that it wasn't good, it's just kind of out of the way of our normal travels. I am not sure if they still do breakfast either, but if I am in area, will give them a shot for lunch
What a great find! I would never have expected to find such a great restaurant tucked inside the World Market Center! I went for dinner last week, and passed it the first time I drove by since I didn't realize where it was. And because it was at night, and most of the business at the World Market Center had ended already, the restaurant was pretty empty.  There may have been another party or two present, but I barely even noticed.  There was one server serving us all night, and he was fun, although slightly (or more than slightly) off.  That didn't make for a bad experience, but just some confusing moments.

Our table started off with chips & salsa, guac, and margaritas.  One of the women at my table wasn't drinking, so our server asked if she wanted to the bartender to make a non-alcoholic cocktail, which was sweet.  So she went with that.  Considering that it would probably have been an $8 drink, if she were charged for it, I think she would have been happier with just a soda or lemonade instead.  But there were great intentions there.

For dinner, I was considering a few different items off the menu, until the daily special was read off. BONE-IN RIBEYE. At that point, there was no question about what I was going to order.  I just had to choose my side. In fact, 3 of the 5 of us ordered the Ribeye! So for a side, I was debating between the sweet corn tamale and mexican style street corn.  I should have gone with my gut since I've wanted a sweet corn tamale since the last time I saw it on a menu about 4 years ago.  But since someone already ordered the sweet corn tamale, our server convinced me to get the mexican style street corn.  It wasn't bad, but it was richer than my palette prefers. I had a bite of the sweet corn tamale and it was exactly what would have satisfied my longing. But let's rewind to the actual entree! I'll just have to say that my medium rare prepared bone-in ribeye was perfect!  It's a larger portion than I could have finished in one sitting, but because it was perfect in so many ways, I really just wanted to sit there all night nibbling on it.  Perfectly cooked. Perfectly seasoned.  I ended up taking half back home, and even as a reheated left over, it was still DELICIOUS!   I'll be dreaming about that rib-eye for a while now....
The chilean sea bass is mexcellent.  

Pair it with a nice tall glass of Bohemia.  Or three.

Also try:
Fresh guacamole
Sarape de Pollo
Filet mignon chile relleno
This restaurant is great!  We went out to celebrate a wedding in the family and were pointed in the direction of Mundo.  The chips and salsa were great.  Excellent sides.  We got the corn, the spinach, and the risotto and they were all really tasty.  I ordered the Shrimp diavolo and it was amazing, spicy, but amazing.  I would recommend Mundo for any occasion and it is another example of the way that downtown Las Vegas is slowly being upgraded into the nice/ hip part of town.  Great place!
You can forgive a lot when food is this tasty, and Mundo doesn't need much forgiving but it does need some. Self-identifying as "chic" for starters. I don't even know what "chic" is, but it sure doesn't enhance the restaurant's allure and actually makes it seem silly and precious. Maybe "chic" is how you get away with charging twenty four dollars for carnitas tacos and twenty six for shrimp tamales. Those are Topolobampo prices, and Mundo is very good but Mundo is no Topolobampo. It's hard to fuss when you taste the food, though, and the food was delicious from jump street. I never thought I would utter the words "best chips and salsa of all time," but there you go. They arrive at your table swiftly upon being seated, a generous plate of chips dusted with a dark chili powder of some kind. It was subtle but gave the chips a lovely warmth and depth that perfectly accompanied the complexly flavored salsa. I detected smoke, sweetness, tartness, and a just a bit of heat in the salsa--it was remarkable, a true marvel of salsa engineering. Swoon-inducing. I wanted to rise and slow-clap to a Snow Patrol song.  

The idea being to share everything, we ordered the ahi tuna tostada for starters, the carnitas with a side of sauteed spinach for the entree and a side of their "risotto." Alas, they were out of carnitas! Visibly crushed and deflated, we went with the skirt steak instead. Perhaps because of my histrionics, or perhaps because my dining companion had mentioned that she wanted to say hi to her friend George, the owner, or perhaps she's just that thoughtful--our waitress came back a few minutes later saying the kitchen had *just* enough carnitas left for one taco and brought it to us gratis. And oh, such carnitas. As with the salsa, itsflavor profile is astonishing; assertive but layered. First you get smoke from a grill, then comes a combination of sweetness and a bit of kick, with a long lingering finish. The meat is succulent and perfectly balanced. Slow-clap number two for the bonus carnitas taco. At this point Mundo could have slept with my best friend and I'd still take her back.  

Not much to say about the tostada, however, which was a tad one-note. The tortilla was dense and the "sushi grade" tuna was rather of the all-you-can-eat variety--heavy and even chewy. There was a nice bit of heat at the end, but it was sort of too-little too-late. Not a terrible dish, but the weakest of the meal. 

The skirt steak re-confirmed what the salsa and carnitas had promised. It was grilled to a perfect medium-rare as requested, and sliced against the grain at a severe angle which shows the chef knows whats up. Most impressive of all was the rub, a crusty black bark of infinite spice. Entire worlds of dark, tragically beautiful flavor are packed into that crust. That crust is like the black obelisk in 2001: A Space Odyssey, containing all of humanity's dread and limitless potential at once. It was the single greatest taste experience of the meal. My only gripe with the steak is that they make a fuss about using "wagyu." Anyone can buy skirt steak for about seven bucks a pop and achieve the same level of juicy tenderness. Skirt steak is a heroic cut that aims to please. One doesn't need "wagyu," which promises greater levels of tenderness and fat, because skirt steak is already perfectly tender and no one could detect the marbling underneath all those enormous flavors in the rub and the chimichurri and "marinated avocados" (?). This was Mundo being chic, I fear, using the word "wagyu" as a way to charge penthouse prices for a street-level cut. 

We were excited to have the "risotto" along with the steak, but some wires got crossed and it didn't come. I mentioned to our lovely server how excited I was to try the risotto and it arrived a few minutes later in what looked like a small soup bowl. At that point the meal was almost finished, and while the risotto did harmonize nicely with the steak it was just too heavy to get through. The flavors were splendid, once again, but the dish needs to be dialed way down. It's overkill; the texture is heavy and the flavors don't sing they scream. Because it was neglected, our waitress said the dish was "on her." Another nice move on her part. 

The location of this restaurant, at the base of a building the size of a small planet, is an atrocity of convenience. I've lived downtown for two years and this was my first visit. And the "chic" factor can seriously grate, as certain flourishes (like "wagyu") are unnecessary and distracting, and costly. But Mundo packs some of the most exciting flavors I've come across in a good while, enough so that I'll likely suck it up and pay the inflated prices because it's a party in your mouth, people, and no one's calling the cops.
More pleasing to the eyes then taste buds.  The $9 ice cream scoop of guacamole was very tasty and the margarita was delicious...the filet mignon chile relleno  was probably the worst thing I have ever tasted...for real, and the chiliean sea bass was okay enough ..kinda fishy though.  So beautiful surroundings and good service but expensive and unpleasant tasting food.... Sorry I really wanted to like this restaurant.  I have never written a review before....that's how bad the filet mignon chile relleno was...tasted like they poured some Tommy Rockers chile on it.
Amazing food but terrible service! Came in for a birthday party and waiter got our orders super slow and couldn't seem to separate the check. Weren't apologetic at all or friendly during service. I suggest getting your meal from the bar when you come in.
This place is so yummy and the decor is so nice! I wish they just lowered the prices a little bit:( but our sever Erick was amazing with us my husband and I and the hostess was very nice and answered all of our questions, come here for good food and awesome drinks I recommend this place! :)
Being from Arizona I've been hard pressed to find a Mexican food restaurant that holds up. Mundo is the first place I've been in Vegas (only been here for 3 years and certainly open to suggestions) that really stacks up to the authentic Sonoran Mexican food served just one state to our south. 

Strong work Mundo, keep it up. 

Also, the Margaritas are pretty darn tasty
Excellent service -  attentive staff.  Sea Scallops were awesome paired with the Mundo Margarita.  I was with a party of 6 and all very happy!
Great food!
Great place for lunch dinner or large parties. Leonardo is one coolest bartenders lunch is the best to see him. Great service and very knowledgable.  Even better wine list can't even compare the prices to restaurants on the strip. The food is......well lets just say it's always good never had a bad meal there. The chicken enchilada, tuna tostada, and bone in ribeye are my favorites.
Incredible pork tender loin with mango salsa. Just amazing. Mouth watering. I'm hungry again just thinking about it. Definitely order it. The steaks are also very delicious and cooked perfectly. This place is almost impossible to find, but worth the search! You will have a great meal, strong drinks, and fabulous service. It's also very beautiful, inside, upscale, but still pretty chill and laid back. Great overall vibe. I love this place!
Beautiful restaurant, great food, and a unique quality. If I could afford to eat here everyday, and if it was closer, I would for sure!!!!
Perfection! Outstanding, never would I have ever imagined this ethnic food could be so sophisticated. Best restaurant I've dined in, in Las Vegas.
Every once in a while there's a blurp in service, but I've never gone to Mundo and not had an absolutely delicious meal.  I don't know why everyone is giving 1-2 stars without even mentioning the food.  Dollar for dollar one of the best restaurants in Vegas and it's a travesty that more people don't go here.  They really need to change locations though because there's literally 0 walk-in traffic in the off season.

The wagyu beef skewers, mexican street corn, and the pork tenderloin is pretty much my perfect meal.
Tonight my sisters and I walked into Mundo to grab a quick drink before going to a concert across the street . As we walked in the hostess' both were extremely rude and seemed annoyed with our presence . They blankly asked us whether or not we had a reservation and barely gave us time to say no we just wanted drinks, before saying we were not allowed in because the bar was "too full." While looking at the bar we noticed it was busy, but not busy enough to turn away 3 women who only wanted to grab a quick drink and did not mind standing. All of us being locals and in the hospitality industry are extremely upset with how the staff handled the situation and from now on will not consider or refer anyone to this restaurant.
I wrote this review about our visit in September 2014 and just recently posted it, I can't comment as to what changes have since been made:

Tried MUNDO  for the first time last night. We brought our 2.5 year old out for a nice family dinner, which I must admit I was nervous about after reading other guest reviews. We had no problem taking him with us, the staff were welcoming enough. There were even a couple of other families with kids of varying ages, which raised the comfort level at 8pm on a Saturday evening. 

The restaurant is beautifully decorated, romantic, etc...we enjoyed the atmosphere while ordering some fresh guacamole to go with the complimentary chips and salsa and my Cadillac margarita. The margarita was delicious, the guacamole was good but nothing out of this world. The salsa was also okay by my review, my date really enjoyed the salsa, I prefer char in my salsa, so it's just a matter of difference of tastes

For dinner, I went with the vegetarian tamale and a side of wild mushrooms. My date went with the chicken enchilada with side of fries (kid friendly). I'm not a vegetarian, but this dish just sounded good for my tastes that eveining and also think if a restaurant can serve up a really tasty vegetarian dish, they can pack some flavor. I didn't notice a kids menu, so we decided to share our dishes and our son liked the chicken enchilada, the fries were a big hit, and I even got some of my veggies in , which meant we would be ordering a dessert (we usually skip dessert) 8)

I really enjoyed the tamale, everything was flavorful and spicy, but not overly spiced. Good sauce, vegetables were cooked properly and the filling was a good level of sweetness to balance. Also, with the chips, guacamole, sides, etc, there's no way I could eat the whole thing, so most went home for lunch the next day, bonus! And, like I mentioned, even got the 2.5 year old to try a few bites. Wild mushrooms were satisfying. I tried a bite of the enchilada and though the chicken was maybe on the dryer side, the favors were very good and my partner finished it all with the help of out son. The fries are a mix of potatoes and sweet potatoes-  they didn't stand a chance against our son, he loved those! We tried them, they were yummy.

Last part of the evening were the churros. They come with a chocolate dipping sauce. I wasn't blown away, but they were a good sweet ending. 
We will go again, probably just the 2 of us for date night next time.
Mundo is a  nicely decorated space, modern and chic. The lights are dimmed for dinner which highlights the beautiful ceiling lamps and wall art. We were a party of 2 with reservations. We were seated immediately at a table that seats 4. The larger table is always appreciated. 
Complementary chips and salsa arrived immediately. We were ready to order cocktails but no waiter approached our table. After several minutes I asked the hostess if we had a waiter. I was told the wait staff was backed up and a bus boy offered to take our drink order. A few minutes later our waiter arrived to take our order. I advised him the order was placed and he offered to follow up. The waiter was friendly and helpful. The Mundo Margarita's were excellent.

Once the food order was placed the waiter checked on us periodically. It was a very long wait for the food to come out. Our waiter said the wait was because the pork chop was ordered well done.
The pork chop was huge, enough for two and prepared as ordered. The Shrimp Diablo was spicy as described in the menu and delicious. The shrimps were served over a mix of rice and corn, very tasty.
The restaurant was not full but the bar packed. The bar and restaurant share the same large space. With the bar being packed the noise level was high. The main contributor was 3 people that were overly loud. 

Since the Smith center had several events this evening I believe the restaurant should have staffed the room and kitchen accordingly. Improved service would add an additional star to my rating.
The food is amazing and the atmosphere is relaxed and refined. The shrimp tamale and scallops are really good but you can't go wrong with most things on the menu.
First time here and I came during happy hour after shopping at world market. The food is upscale Mexican with a very hip and pretty atmosphere.  The happy hour menu is great plus a free margarita from a yelp check in is nice. By the way their classic margarita is reeeeeally good.  I'm picky about my margaritas but their house made mix is balanced very well and makes you want another. 

Food.  
My boyfriend and I ordered the steak skewers with chimichurri sauce and it came with an avocado salsa and a salad that was deliciously peppery with the steak and had green apples in it. The steak was very tender. I recommend this dish it's all around packed with flavor. 
We also had the chicken taquitos. Very good.
The sashimi grade ahi tostada with fresh herbs. Amazing! Cut up in wedges, great for sharing. 
Great happy hour! I can't wait to try the dinner menu! I will be back :)
The best aspect of Mundo is that it is inexpensive. You never need to leave a gratuity because the service is always terrible. 

The food is delicious, fresh, and well prepared. However, after the server takes your order you won't see them again until you ask the busser for the check. Then, the server drops it in front of you and doesn't say a word. 

I would like to say that this is a one-time occurrence, however, after three visits, we cannot be wrong. 

I wish they had take-out.
We went to the Saturday matinee of "The Tempest" today at the Smith Center with some friends, who suggested Mundo for an early dinner.  Good thing we were early, since we didn't have reservations, and they were able to accommodate the five of us.  

This is the go-to restaurant for one of the friends, an interior designer, but it was a first time for Herb G. and me.  And I was blown away.

I enjoyed my Alien Margarita while looking at the menu, a Yelp check-in freebie, and munched on good chips and our two orders of tasty, but bland guacamole.

We all ordered something different, and I settled on the Pork Tenderloin, which had a tamarind ancho chile glaze, and was one of the few items that came with a side.  I got the Street Corn.  The pork was a beautiful presentation - four small but thick rounds of meat that were cooked to perfection.  I think it's the best pork tenderloin I've ever had, stupendously succulent and delicious. The street corn was a surprise:  I was expecting a roasted corn on the cob;  happily, the chef did the dirty work and I enjoyed a large serving of corn mixed with chile de arbol and cotija cheese that had a citrus-y tang.  Very rich. I shared it with Herb and still have half a portion to enjoy tomorrow, along with half of my pork dish.  Herb's Filet Mignon Chile Relleno was also delicious

Service was excellent, and I loved the modern ambience enhanced with lighting that was traditionally Mexican.  While this upscale restaurant is a little higher-end than the kind of joints we usually go to, I look forward to our next visit.
A local friend took us to Mundo and I will now absolutely return when ever I'm in Las Vegas.  It was wonderful.  I'm surprised it has limited hours, weekdays only.   I agree that the margaritas are really good.  All three dishes ordered by our party were excellent.
I love Mexican food and I love Mundo! They take this south-of-the-border cuisine to a whole-nutha-level with their upscale twist.  Once you enter and take in the decadent decor you know you've arrived somewhere special.  I usually opt to sit at the bar so I can have personal time with the mixologists, because my friends call me "special" when I order my favorite libation and not in the good way...you know who you are.  I just like custom tequila concoctions and I'm never disappointed here. The list of their specialty drinks is awesome and it you're a true tequila drinker over time, like many visits, you should try them all. All made with premium tequilas and fresh fruit juices.  Mundo also owns their very own brand, Alien Tequila.

I think two of the best times to go is during happy hour or before your show at the Smith Center.  An absolute favorite menu item is the Ahi Tuna tar tar on a crispy tostada, drizzled with an outer worldly chili oil.  Excellent!   A must have is for those that like it hot is the camorones diablo as it brings the heat and so much flavor!  And, can't forget the scallops as they are seasoned then seared to perfection every time placed atop of cilantro rice.  A great happy hour item to try is the vegetable quesadilla, packed full of seasoned sauteed vegetables and gooey cheese, yum.  Great place to meet and greet as the location is adjacent to the World Market Center which always has something going on.
Food is amazing! I eat here often but why the hell do they close at 9pm on a Saturday night..that's usually rush hour at most restaurants..a little over a year ago i tried to bring my best friend here for dinner the night before he had to leave for his deployment to Afghanistan with the Army..we showed up over an hour before closing (at7 and closed at 8) and the hostess said they were closed..kinda pissed me off after how many friends I've told to come here..we were about to go tonight but didn't realize they closed that early. I'll definitely still come back ..but if u decide to eat here jus make sure u show up early if u want a guaranteed dinner there but what do you expect with a location like that..I imagine their main concern is to cater to the guests if World Market Center
This place is amazing!! Went there last week for first time and I was very impressed because Mexican food is not a fave.

The decor is very modern classic and location is great. Pricey but food was delicious, love the signature Mundo drink and you have to try the corn!!

Thanks Mingo!!
Everything about this place is amazing!! Go and experience the place, food, people and drinks!!
Everything at this restaurant is absolutely PERFECT! Eating here is a must every time we come to Las Vegas. We've had the chile relleno, fillet mignon, tamal, enchiladas, salads, churros, and drinks. The staff is really friendly and we just LOVE the live music that really sets the mood for a nice romantic dinner. This is a must try restaurant!
Mundo is a nice restaurant with good food and a good vibe. Last night my husband and I had the queso flameado first. It was yummy; he ate his with soft tortillas and I decided to dip the chips in the cheesy goodness instead. I ordered the shrimp diablo. The plate was bigger than I thought, but tasty. Last, we had to get a side of the Mexican street corn, which did not disappoint.
Terrible,  we called to make a reservation and were put on hold after waiting for 5 minutes we hung up and called back.  This time we went to the voicemail which directed us to leave our name and number for  a reservation,  which we did. We left name (spelled out and number) as well as the time we wanted. We never received a call back but shouted for
Went to Mundo for lunch on a weekday. Very busy, a lot of business people and elected officials and other dignitaries were there. Seems like a local hotspot being near the county offices.  We ordered the Chilean Seabass tacos, and the skirt steak salad.  Both were delicious, well cooked, and perfectly seasoned.  Service was prompt, our waiter was knowledgeable, and the price was great.
Just ate here tonight.  Had the guacamole - decent.....crispy calamari - very good........chicken with a sweet chile sauce - very good. Wife had the filt mignon chile relleno - good, but the sauce seemed to be somewhat bland.  Finished with the flan which is among the best we have ever had.

Overall good, however a bit pricey, so expect to spend about $50+ (includes tip) per person.
I've been to Mundo twice now, and highly recommend it.  It is a bit pricey, but well worth it.  The service this time was not great, but the food was fantastic.  I had the sea bass, which was amazing.  It came with vegetables and was quite spicy, which I like.  When it arrived it was still wrapped in the paper pouch in which it was cooked, so that was a bit of a mess.  I get it...  It keeps it warm and tastes very fresh when you open it yourself.  But then I had this big piece of soggy parchment on my plate.  I had to ask a waiter to take it away.  Otherwise, the flavor and texture were superb.  Despite the messiness, it's a dish well worth ordering.
Upon arrival we were greeted by a very friendly hostess and told we would be sat right away. As we were waiting another couple came in and asked if there was availability for 2 people. It was 5:45pm on Thursday June 19th. The hostess told them without a reservation, there was nothing she could do. Having spent 20+ years in the restaurant business, I could not believe my ears. First of all, there were 4 open tables (at least) and spots at the bar that she could have directed them towards or at the very least explained that the tables that were open were being held for other reservations, but that they were welcome to wait to see if the parties showed up. Instead they were just told no, and turned away. As an owner, I would have fired my manager at the very least over something like this, but as I have come to learn through speaking with prominent government officials and judges that know the owner personally and have frequented this restaurant in the past, he simply does not care how inept his staff is or how his restaurant is run. In addition I should expect him to reply to this complaint on YELP by him denying this ever happened or finding excuses for it as opposed to apologizing for a horrible experience. 

Now, you may be asking yourself, how could this be? This restaurant survives because of its location and the lack of this type of cuisine in the immediate area. It is supported during the day by The World Market Center and at night by The Smith Center and unassuming tourists that do not know any better. 

Onto my meal. After being sat for nearly 10 minutes, we were finally approached by our server (that barely spoke English) and asked if we would like a drink. After our drinks were delivered and our order was finally taken, this would be the last time we would be visited by our server until our plates were cleared by the busboy and our server dropped the check without asking if we would like desert or anything else for that matter. We sat there for a minute dumbfounded by our experience and since we had another 15 minutes to kill before needing to leave to see our show, we asked the busboy for another drink. 

I could literally write 10 pages on all the things wrong with the service in this restaurant but you should have a general feel for what to expect when dining in this establishment. 

As we were leaving the restaurant, I stopped at the hostess desk to ask if there was a manager on duty and was informed that it was actually one of the servers acting as the manager and he was in back, busy at the moment. This was extremely fitting and explained at least in part why this restaurant is run so poorly. Obviously the owner is more concerned with operating expenses like having enough servers on the floor to handle the number of tables in the restaurant and paying for a manager on duty to handle customer problems like the ones I have explained here.

I will spread the word through my social media pages to avoid this place at all costs.
This review is not for the food.

We recently stopped in for drinks at the bar. It was our first visit to this restaurant. While seated at the bar, the manager or owner (not sure which) decided to discipline an employee in front of all of the customers seated at the bar.

In all my years, I have NEVER witnessed someone talk to another human being the way that man talked to his employee. I wanted to cry. It was terrible and I knew right then and there that we had to leave the restaurant. I seriously had nightmares about this place after I left.  

Never again.
This is a GO TO if you're looking for a happy hour spot to get down on some quality, super tasty grub and wash it down with some actual affordable brews! There are a grip of beers for $3 and even more options at $4. We had five or six different appetizers that were offered on the HH menu and were not let down by a single one. The ambient mood that is there is so nice and easing. You really feel like you can relax there. The music is the perfect volume and they play some really nice tranquil tunes. The decorations are very nice and the lighting is nice and dim too. Not too low like a drug den but just low enough so you can see everyone and everything but don't feel like you're in a cafeteria or operating room.
I have to agree with others that while the food is fantastic, the service is horrible.  We made a 5:45 reservations last Saturday before a 7:30 show at the Smith Center.  When we arrived we saw a table that was likely ours (party of 6) that looked ready yet we weren't seated for another 15 minutes.  It then took about 20 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us.  It was very busy, which we understood, but we also made it very clear that we were going to a show at the Smith Center and needed to get served and be out by 7.  I even explained this when making the reservation and I was assured that a 5:45 reservation would "leave plenty of time" to eat and get to the show.  Maybe they should consider increasing their staff to serve before Smith Center events since they are the closest restaurant to the venue.  We understand they are busy before shows  but they have to know that anyone who dines at 5:30 pm on a Saturday probably has plans to head to a show and they should do everything in their power to get them served in a timely fashion.  By 7:15 the place was completely cleared out, leaving only our table in the entire restaurant.  We basically had to tackle the lady to get our check and get over there and in the end we made it with just minutes to spare.

Also, just an FYI and something that I didn't see mentioned here--they offer a free Alien Margarita with a Yelp check in, but they only allow one per table.  We had three couples and it was only after we checked in that they mentioned that.  No biggie, coupons usually say that they only allow one per table and we were getting wine anyway, but I figured I'd mention it since I don't see it mentioned anywhere else.
While the food is outstanding, the service needs some serious work!  After taking our orders and receiving our drinks we did not see our waitress until my wife flagged her down (at least 30 minutes later).  We probably would have ordered more drinks, dessert and coffee, but our waitress was covering too many tables and seemed to forget about us!  At a minimum the wait staff should check on you after receiving apps, mains, and offer dessert or coffee.  We did not even receive the basic level of service expected at a restaurant that pretends to be upscale.  Mundo - please train your wait staff to meet the level of excellence coming from your kitchen, your chef deserves better!
The décor is great.... very chic and inviting! The food is outstanding, but the service needs serious improvement! 

I was meeting a few girlfriends for dinner, and two of us had arrived a lil early so we were waiting at the bar until our table was ready, it took 15 minutes for a bartender to even speak to us, and they have a tiny bar area that was not full. From what I could see.... they appeared to have a good happy hour menu, although we didn't get to sample any of it since the bartender took too long to acknowledge us.

We were then seated, and the bad service continued, not very attentive at all.

For food...my friend and I each ordered an entrée item so that we could share, we tried the filet mignon and the diablo shrimp. The flavors were great! 

This restaurant has so much potential, but the service needs some help to succeed!
Great atmosphere, decor and service. Fantastic sea bass and wagyu skirt steak, both cooked perfectly.
Went last night with some friends and had an amazing time.  Wait staff was helpful and very friendly.  Three ordered the sea bass and said it was amazing.  The scallops were divine!  However, the Mexican street corn (off the cob) was the best I've ever had, UNBELIEVABLE!!  Can't wait to visit again!
Last night was opening night for Bar + Bistro, and we didn't realize until we got there that it was by invitation only since all food was being comped. I was blown away by their hospitality as they found us a table and invited us to come in and eat for free! Maybe it's because I speak Italian, or it was because we told them about my food blog, but in any case we were stoked. We didn't want to be greedy since they had been so generous so we ordered a couple of salads and shared an entree. Although there is still room for improvement, I thought they did a fantastic job for their first night. The service was friendly and attentive, which was especially amazing considering the place was packed, and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The salads were very good, but extremely similar to one another. They were a little heavy on the bitter leaves for my taste (loads of radicchio and Belgian endive) but they were well dressed and everything was fresh. I thought the $16 price tag normally attached to the lobster salad was a little hefty considering they aren't on the strip, but there was a good deal of the crustacean on top. Our entree was the seafood risotto paella, which had lots of fresh frish, calamari, shrimp and mussels (unfortunately the mussels were green lip mussels and not fresh). The risotto was cooked well and creamy in texture, and the saffron came through adequately. We did pay for alcohol, which was no big deal considering you can get a great glass for $7, just $1 more than the beer. It was unusual that imported and domestic beers are the same price and that cocktails are just a few dollars more, but I don't usually get beer with dinner so I'm fine with that. It's really difficult to rate a place on it's first night, but I give four stars with the expectation that it will live up to it in the future. By the way, they open for regular service on Monday, and lunch service starts May 1st.
This location used to be Paymon's downtown. It is now a new restaurant.

Went for a work lunch. They had 9 choices for salad on their lunch menu. I really liked that variety. They also had French onion soup and a soup of the day along with the usual sandwiches, pizza, pasta, chicken dishes, seafood dishes and burgers.

I was eating alone and ordered a salad so the service was plenty quick enough for me to get back to work. 

I really like the the menu variety. Looks like most food prices fall between $10-$20 for lunch.
Catching a gallery opening. Sitting outside, sipping a cocktail (ok maybe not sipping for those who know me) and enjoying the food and the company. This is why we live in the arts district.
Having just moved to Las Vegas from NYC I've noticed that my experiences differ greatly from others here in this city. Having said that, I try to be as fair as possible. I would love to give great reviews, it means I haven't wasted my money!

At any rate, that isn't going to be happening here. Bar + Bistro has a flashy website, a really cool groove and, the hook of being able to walk to it didn't get past me. 

My boyfriend and I strolled in past a really nice outside area into a dimly lit, small, sort of compact restaurant. We got a big booth, which I loved, and were seated by a really personable, cute hostess. That's where the fun ended. 

We were sitting waiting for a server when we looked up and noticed two servers right in front of us talking to each other in another language (we found out it was Tahitian). One came over and introduced himself and said that he and his brother were debating over who would get which table (3 people had been seated about 10 minutes after us). Okay, whatever. The waiter was a really nice guy, but kept responding to us in Italian. His grasp seemed to be limited to one word 'Prego.' Okay, whatever. 

My boyfriend and I decided to order beer and got that fairly quickly. We waited about 15 minutes and then asked if we could order our two appetizers, which we did. Those came out fairly quickly. We ordered the crab cakes and a caprese salad. The crab cakes were pretty ordinary. They used 80% dungeness crabs, they said, but I couldn't believe how it tasted so bland. There was a sweet sauce drizzled over that I finally identified and something asian. Not a great combo. The caprese salad is pretty hard to mess up, but they used dried basil instead of fresh which sort of just made it a plain tomato and mozzarella plate. Eh. 

A busboy came over and took our plates and then we sat and sat and and sat. And sat. We finally asked the busboy if I could get another beer, some more water, anything. He came back with the beer! Not the waiter, the busboy! Anyway, the beer that he brought actually had lipstick on the glass so add another 10 minute wait for another beer that the waiter actually brought. 

We FINALLY got to order and the food came out quickly, it was just ordering it that took forever. Unless you're constantly asking someone, you aren't going to get great service here. My BF ordered the blackened salmon, which he liked, I got the filet which was stringy and undercooked. The inside was actually raw. I ordered medium rare. Got my steak finally (my boyfriend was finished by this time) and it was just okay, I passed it over to my boyfriend because it just wasn't good for the high price. 

All in all, the atmosphere was boring, the servers were inattentive and the food, for the price you pay, is astoundingly below par. Go somewhere else, this is just not worth it.
Really loved my mushroom leek pizza. Flat bread style so don't expect deep dish. There tables are art pallets and art adornes the walls. I am sure I will hit up the camp 107, Dr Strangelove!
Being an out of towner I was referred to this restaurant as there was a convention in town and we wanted to get away from there. 
Interesting location...certainly not your run of the mill restaurant in location and style. Hospitality was top shelf!
Decor is very art inspired with wood stave flooring and art palettes for tables.
Began with French Onion soup which for me is the complete barometer of a restaurant serving this. Did not disappoint!!!! Probably the very best I have EVER had! The variety of menu selections is the best, especially if you are undecided about what to have. At my table for main courses we had the Lasagna Bolognese which was phenomenal surrounded by a light marinara sauce that was almost sweet! Another dish that came to the table was a Fillet Mignon prepared to perfection! And finally a Veal Milanese that was stacked, prepared perfectly with a bruschetta on top. 
Excellent preparation was experienced throughout the entire meal. 
Wine selection was outstanding and our selections by the glass pared perfectly with our dishes. Lots of Paso Robles, big and fruit forward wines.
I would highly recommend Bar+Bistro to anyone looking for high quality preparation and flavors that continue to amaze! 
Great Experience!
A little blah. Been here twice now. Both times I can help to think that my food tastes a bit like a Lean Cuisine. I love the room though. Very well decorated. Cool art. I would go back on summer nights for drinks on the patio but the food has got to get better to have a more steady clientele.
The food at The Arts Factory Bistro in the Arts Factory is absolutely outstanding. The atmosphere is perfect and the staff is polite. Hats off to chef Beni... the sweet potato fries are to die for!! Oh And the American Wagyu Kobe style sliders... one word...YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUM! Truly a beautiful addition to the already magnificent work of art that IS the Arts Factory. My mouth thanks you! Oh... And don't even get me started about the poetry night at the bar with music!! I love it!
We walk in for dinner and the place is packed. I'm thinking this might be a good pick. Then I realize it's First Friday. I curbed my enthusiasm. The three of us are quickly seated. (We made reservations) and then we waited....and waited. Then the busboy comes over and asks if we'd like water. A minute later someone else asks if we'd like water. Then our waitress finally comes to us and asks if we'd like water. (I'm  sorry I didn't  say yes to all three, but I thought I'd be nice.)  This is starting not to look good. We order our drinks and my beer tasted and felt like it had been sitting on a back counter patiently waiting to be served. It's less then cold. We ordered our Tapas and waited.  20 mins. later My dish is served and only mine. The second one served 5-10 mins. later. I had ordered the Cordero Chops. Australian Grilled Lamb Chops. The honey Aioli, served in a small PLASTIC container! Along with a bit of Cole Slaw that had no flavor, was slightly bitter with Pickled Shallots laid out as an after thought.

 I understand Tapas size serving portions but, come on! For 12.00 I'd like to see my Lamb Chop. One chop was a nice normal size but the other was half the size of my little finger. The Aioli sauce tasted like it should have been used for the cole slaw. Which did bring out the taste. And the Shallots, well....My Daughter order the Garlic Camarones. (12.00) She said they were, ok.  Which brings us to the Paella Velazquez, (28.00) which my Daughter and Boyfriend Ordered. A disaster. It was sent back.  It didn't look anything like the picture on their web site. One of the main ingredients, LOBSTER, was no where to be found. Some of the other parts to the meal appeared to be missing or undetectable. I feel that if it's on the menu description, you should be able to see and taste the ingredients.  

Because my daughter is more diplomatic and appropriate then I am, she spoke to the manager.  The upside to this very disappointing meal was that the manager wrote off the Paella, PLUS gave us a 25% discount on the meal and if that wasn't  enough she took it over the top with four free drink cards!  Because of the manager going over and beyond we will try this small Bistro again. 

One last thing I'd like to add: I don't understand why so much confusion and unfriendliness of SOME of the wait staff.  No " how are doing tonight, our waitress didn't give her name. The girl who brought out our food just plopped it on the table and left. ( I expect this at Cantors.) Our waitress was ok.  I just think the service needs some looking into as well as the Chef keeping a closer eye on what is being sent out, under his name,  by the  cooking staff. There shouldn't be such a long wait time for food to be served and  the entire order should come out at the same time instead of piece mealing it out.
Where to start... I was there for the Painting and Poets night last Saturday.  Even though there were a lot of customers there, the service getting a seat outside was great and my drink order was taken right away.  There special was a full pig roasted throughout the day with creamy mashed potatoes and carrots on the side.  My drinks were always full and the staff was attentive.  I felt like I had two waiters.  I can honestly say I don't remember when I've had food this good.  Holy hell... 

Then came the ricotta cheesecake.  It's the best I have ever had.  Not too sweet, with a citrusy simple syrup.  It was a little pricey ($7 a slice), but it was totally worth it.  I can't believe this place isn't getting more praise!
Food and service was great and what a neat place to eat. The art added to a great experience. What a great way to see a different side of Vegas and be surrounded with cool art and eat good food and cocktails!
What a great place! The B+B chicken club is the best I have had in Las 
Vegas. The fried bananas and Ceviche for an appetizer were excellent.

I can't wait to come back and try other items. The staff was friendly. The food came quickly after it was ordered.

Hats off to this chef. He knows  how to cook!

The artsy feel makes the experience even better.

Lunch time may be the best time to come.

5 stars!!!
Fannnnnnnnnnnnnnnn-fricken-tastic!
I love to eat here
I love to sit here
I love to talk here
I love to meet here
If I were a plate of food I'd want to be served here
Everything I have had has been lovely
New chef is fantastic
Weekends are perfect
What more can I say? I agree with all the other high star remark-ers!
I usually go to a new place with enthusiasm and anticipation, hoping that the experience will be a good one and the first of many to come.  My dinner at Bar+Bistro last night will be the first and last, I'm sorry to say.  It started out well, as four of my friends and I met there to socialize and check out this place.  First of all, when we were seated on the patio around 6:00pm, our waiter brought us two menus to share because, "we can't find the other ones right now."  Huh?  There was one other party on the patio and the inside of the restaurant was empty.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria, which was excellent, and I was excited to see how the food would taste.  From the tapas menu, we had the french onion soup, sweet potato fries and house fries, 4 cheese mac, and the tempura alcachofa (artichokes in a sort of tempura fried batter).  The sweet potato fries and soup were good, the other dishes were just okay.  My friends also ordered the Paella Velazquez, but I didn't eat any of that and they also graded it as okay.  For dessert, we shared the Ricotta Citrus Cheesecake, the Triple Gelato (coconut, mango, and dark chocolate), and the Donut Churros (cinnamon sugar with chocolate sauce):  I think those and the sangria were the best part of the meal!  Seriously!  After dessert, two of the waiters whisked our wine glasses away since we overheard them say that they ran out.  Menus and wine glasses are apparently in high demand there.
  When it came time to pay, four of us whipped out our credit cards and were admonished by the waiter that they don't split checks.  Well, we didn't ask to have the check split, but we were going to split the bill among us.  He told us that he could take 3 credit cards maximum, we should work it out amongst ourselves, and he'd return when we had done so---what?!  None of us had ever been to an establishment that had such a rule and all it did was make us angry.  What does it take to swipe one extra credit card, after all?  It's too bad that our meal had to end that way, but now we can say we've been to Bar+Bistro--once.
A Wonderful place Downtown.
Owners always onsite and very welcoming and warm.
True Brave Souls to provide something cool in our area that is up and coming. They have a great restaurant where you can actually have a conversation in these great booths, surrounded by fun artwork...and a fun bar to grab a drink after. There is always something going on there and the Arts factory is in same building so if art is your this, many cool chill people to meet and expierence.

Preview Thursday (the Day before First Fri) is always nice to hang out there cuz First Friday tends to be a bit crazy.....all fun though. Apparently there is movie night too which I have not been to yet, but that is my next adventure.

Something different than the norm....:)
I went there to try this new place out. I guess my expectations were too high. The ambiance was unique. I'll give them that. Very artsy- cool, no doubt. However, being the only ones in the whole place our food took forever to get to us. Our waiter was not the best either. He claimed the kitchen was backed up. I'm thinking backed up from what? The joint wasn't packed! I asked for a 2nd drink and the waiter brings it too late when I was already done with my meal and ready to pay to get out of there. I will not be returning to this place. It was a terrible disappointment and the food was mediocre. The best item I had that nite was the sweet potato fries, so what does that tell you?
Awesome atmosphere, food and service.  Great Tapas Menu!  Will be back to sample more of the menu soon.  Nice outdoor seating area with fire pit.
I have eaten at the bistro twice now. 

The first was for a midweek lunch and I fell in love. The staff is polite and the artistic atmosphere is very cool. Most importantly, the food was fantastic! My friend and I ordered the AMAZING blue cheese sweet potato fries which come with two great dipping sauces. Then we shared her sliders and my sandwich followed by flan and yummy churro donuts with chocolate sauce. IT WAS ALL DELICIOUS! 

This past Sunday we had the bar host a private party for us with a catered brunch and open bar. The bar staff was incredibly friendly and once again chef Beni's food was fantastic. Everyone who came complemented both the food and the atmosphere. 

I would definitely recommend Bar + Bistro to anyone looking for good food downtown or a great place to host a catered event!!!
First the con's to get them out of the way. The menu listed sangrias for $2. When we got the bill, we were charged $6 each. When questioned the server informed us that the special was only if you ordered in the bar. That wasn't noted on the menu. The sidewalk apparently goes through the outdoor seating area. Several people who weren't guestsof the restaurant passed our table during the meal. Not an issue really, just strange.
Now the pro's! The chef came to our table and discussed our meals with us. The atmosphere is very laid back and he is proud of his creations. Flavor combinations were fantastic! The macaroni and cheese appetizer was delicious! The pan-seared scallops were some of the largest I've ever seen on a plate. Crab cakes and sliders, amazing! as well as the snapper. 
On to dessert: chocolate ganache and ricotta cheesecake, excellent!
They have various dinner entertainment too. There was a performer (flame thrower) who was getting ready to start as we were leaving. 
Check it out! Well worth it!
Damn you, Chef Beni.  Your food is so good, the Mesa Grilles of this world have lost a lot of their allure.

I can't imagine sitting down to a better, more playful or expertly prepared array of dishes than I had last evening at your place -- especially at the price.  You, sir, on onto something.  Like a comedian who tells jokes that make him laugh, you cook what you like, and invite us to "get it", or not.

Of the tapas we ordered (the sweet potato fries, 4 cheese mac and congrejo to name but three) I'm at a loss to name a favorite.  The whole, trully, was greater than the sum.  Ah, but as for the desserts -- I hope to be buried with an order of your churros with chili chocolate sauce nestled by my side.

No dining experience can be exceptional without an attentive staff.  Yours was, and then some.  But what put the evening over-the-top was when you stopped by our table to chat (not just the cursory "hello"), but actually discuss some of your ideas and inspirations.  Your quirky pedigree explains much of your menu and kitschy surroundings.

In a few days, I leave for home (East Bay, Ca), and there I will sing the praises of a restaurant unlike any other in my "foodie" neck of the woods.

Damn you, Chef Beni.

Go west.
We had dinner and wine at the Bar + Bistro during one of the Las Vegas Painting and Poetry Jam, which is held every Saturday night. The atmosphere is great and you must check out all the other artists at the Arts Factory. It is truly a hidden gem in downtown. 

As for the eats, the tapas are nothing to rave about. But the atmosphere makes up for the so so meal. Overall, it's definitely worth checking out.
I tried this restaurant on 4th of July weekend for brunch. The decor is funky/arty/cool. We got there around 11am on a Saturday morning, the restaurant was about half full. The server was very nice and genuinely friendly and chatty. My friend and I decided to share the Cangrejo benedict mofongo and the Brioche flan french toast and she also ordered a gazpacho. 

The Cangrejo benedict mofongo was delicious and surprisingly filling, the crab meat was so flavorful and it was topped with a quail egg which made it interesting. I loved the french toast as well, it was soft in the center and crunchy around the edges and served with a fresh made flavored syrup. My friend also loved her gazpacho, it had a nice chunky texture (I usually don't like gazpacho if it's pureed too finely) and a bite to it. 

Now the cons: although we liked our server because he had a personality, he was a bit distracted or maybe inexperienced. He took a while to bring out our waters, when he brought us coffee he didn't notice we didn't have stirring spoons so we had to ask for them. Also the food took almost an hour to come out and the place wasn't packed at all. My friend's gazpacho came at the end but she would have preferred to start with it. 

Overall, we enjoyed our food and the ambiance was cool. We planned to return for dinner that night because we wanted to try some of the other things on the menu but got comped dinner elsewhere so it will have to be on our next trip. The slow service wasn't enough of a deterrent for me to go back, I just now know not to be starving or in a hurry when I go there next time.
Worse service ever....mixed up our white wines, which were served at 75 degrees.....had to ask for a bucket of ice to make them palatable....at $12/glass you at least expect the whites to be chilled.  Food took way too long for lunch and they served our food first to the table behind us...wrong table number on the ticket...whatever.....food was mediocre at best, probably because they tried to serve all the tapas as the same time instead of sending each one out when ready (most places do this).  Again, server couldnt care less...then he was too busy clearing empty tables in empty restaurnt to pick up our check.  Would not go back...EVER.
What a disappointment... I had eaten here before and had a good experience. I wanted to check out the new tapas menu and what the new chef had to offer. Unfortunately, I never had a chance. When we arrived the patio was hoppin'. We opted to sit inside to have a quieter experience. It was quiet indeed... So quiet in fact, we were never even asked what we wanted to drink. We sat for about 10 minutes and watched servers go back and forth and even refill drinks and clear plates from a nearby table. I kept hoping for a "Be right with you guys," or a "Sorry about the wait,"but it never happened. We waited about 15 more minutes, long enough for the boyfriend to call Johnny Smalls (by now I had my heart set on tapas).  I had plenty of time to check out the new menu. It's a shame that I won't be trying the cubanitos, tempura calamari, or mofongo because I doubt I will be back.
We went for the painters and poets on Saturday. Lots of people outside, music, and just a great atmosphere.  We go inside, get a table and sat for  20 minutes before our waitress brought our drinks. Wine came in dirty glassees but the waitress did bring clean glasses/wine - after another 12 minutes.  

We ordered tapas. One a calamari dish; I thought there was plastic in the batter but the chef told us that the cook didn't clean the cartilage from it. And that sure made me feel better...

I liked the fish tacos because they're a unique build your own mini taco deal. They just have to remember that when guests order tapas that includes sauce, they really need to provide spoons.

They comped a dessert because of the calamari and the wine issue which was a great thing to do. 

The staff was friendly but everyone seemed extremely rushed and just not happy. Maybe it's different on any other day besides Saturday so may go back on a week day.

Overall, very cool place and people but wait time and some of the dishes could be better. If  more people were on staff during the weekend, things would be much better.
I haven't been to Bar + Bistro since I accidently sat down thinking the restaurant was still Paymon's and was too embarrassed to leave.  It was all Italian food back then, and not particularly good.  But I heard the menu changed for the better so I decided to give it another shot.  I'm glad I did.

I tried the grilled cheese sandwich with sweet potato fries and tomato soup ($7) and the B+B slider ($5).  The grilled cheese portion was good for the price.  Five bucks is a little steep for one slider, but you can tell they are high quality.  The food was delectable.  I really liked that the ketchup for the fries was mixed with a little bit of sriracha, making it spicy.  The sliders were super cute and the B+B slider was good with Wagyu beef, Manchego cheese, and pickled shallots.  

Service was excellent.  They kept the same décor as Tinoco's, which Paymon's kept as well.  Basically, tables shaped like painting palettes with splashes of paint and holes in them that used to store the ketchup, salt, etc.  I guess it makes sense, being that this is the Arts District and all.  But they should use the holes in the tables to store something.  It's just weird seeing them empty.

They seem to have a decent happy hour M-F from 5-7pm.  $1 PBR is the focus but they seem to have specials on their inventive drinks.  I rarely come downtown for drinks but I may have to check it out.
What a cool place!!  We went here on a Wednesday night and got the flatbread pizza and sliders.  Both were very good.

Will be returning here soon because it's just a cool place to hang out!!

Hopefully the Arts District expands here in Vegas.  Really like the vibe!!
You know how it is when you live in Vegas -- everyone comes to visit, and expects you to take them someplace "cool." Pressure!

Yesterday I had two different friends in town, who both wanted a piece of me. One is a 7-months-pregnant Conservative Christian from Arkansas, and the other is a traveling art-nude model with a wild '70s bush and a predilection for men 40+ years her senior. Where to take them that would appeal to both??

I wanted someplace fun, unpretentious and off-Strip (both of my friends have the good sense to despise the overpriced pretentiousness of places with all-caps names like MIX, STACK, FIX, DOUCHE...oh wait, the Health Dept. shut that one down). 

Anyhoo, I asked around and finally lit on Bar + Bistro...which turned out to be AWESOME! This was in the middle of the humid monsoon season (8.1.11), but we sat on their fabulous patio anyway -- and it was GREAT! They have a huge patio all strung up with Christmas lights, facing out onto Charleston Blvd...but it's not loud at all, and very pleasant. 

I always go for atmo over food quality...but it wasn't just the atmo that was kickass here -- every single thing we ordered was FANTASTIC! I had the chopped Latin salad (delish and filling), my girlfriends had paella (bomb) and pizza mergherita (ditto), plus we split an order of mahi mahi tacos (fabulous) and the lavash/hummus they brought us was also incredible. I really can't speak highly enough of the food here...and the prices were totally reasonable.

The waitstaff was super badass, too. One of the waiters, a super cool guy named Arash, even came and had a beer with us. We had a total blast, and this was on a Monday night when the place was totally dead! I can only imagine how much fun it is during First Friday or their Saturday night poetry jam. 

I will DEFINITELY be coming back here!

P.S. They also have a fairly extensive tapas menu...and I recommend this place a thousand times over Firefly. MUCH better atmo.
Take all of your friends! I took a group of friends here and despite their lack of culinary adventure, they loved it and so did I. The tapas were excellent and flavorful. The seafood was tasty and ple-according to my non-veg friends.

The meat looked delicious and everyone fought for the last piece. 

Funky, eclectic And supports local artists. Chef/ Owner greeted us, not sure if he usually does that but he was really cool.

Also, don' t be discouraged by its off strip location, it was worth ditching the bland buffets and pulling our car out of hotel lot for a short drive, it's right off the freeway. 

Great place!
My girlfriend and I stopped by here for First Friday.  We sat in the bar area so It was a great people watching spot.  We ordered a couple appetizers, the fish tacos and the sliders. I would have liked the sliders better if the bread wasn't so hard.  However, I did like the fish taco platter, as I would describe it, because the ingredients came separate and you assembled the taco yourself.  The winner for me though was the dessert recommended by the waiter, the donut churros with the chocolate sauce.  My only complaint would be we were told about a $2 beer special and it being warm.  I would think it it's the special of the night it would be ready to go cold and I wouldn't have to pour it over ice.
The only reason this place is getting 3 stars is due to the food and atmosphere. We went on Open Mic night and observed some true local talent. From the 6 dishes we tried, we are raving about the Cordero Lamb chops, Garlic Pollo, and Filet Steak Sliders. I'm not a big lamb fan, but they managed to cook out that distinct flavor and keep it tender. The Garlic Pollo was a party in my mouth. So flavorful, I want the recipe! We were bummed when they told us they were out of banana foster baklava, after we ordered and waited 5 minutes. The service went downhill from that point. We were served by a Bartendar because they were so short staffed. Mind you it was a Saturday night. We ordered the Churro Donuts instead and waited at least 30 minutes before receiving the food. She told us that the kitchen lost the ticket, but that it would be out shortly. We were then transferred to another server, who didn't have a clue about the Restaurant. com Gift Certificate I had given our previous Server/ Bartendar. The Chef (possibly also the Manager/ Owner) gave us two free drink tickets, our desert was comped, and we also rec'd a free slider because it was double ordered. They also gave us a 25% discount, which I orginally thought was my gift certificate. Once the check was corrected, we lost the 25% discount and they took off a dish, but added a beer, making the check discounted $5. I was so confused, as was the server at the time, so I don't believe any of the poor service was intentional. However, I must note, that when my boyfriend went to the bar to retrieve our free drinks, the Bartendar thought he was mad at her, and confessed to forgetting to order our desert all together. How Lame is that? Overall, the menu had so many tastey items, that I would likely give them another go. Oh, I almost forogt to mention, the Watermelon Sangria is a Must Have!
Bar+Bistro I so wanted to give you a better rating, but alas I cannot.

I met up with a friend here last night to watch three bands play. The last band, being from Alabama and consisting of a guitar player, washtub bass, snare drum player (yes just one drum), and a girl who switched up playing a washboard and a saw (yes, a saw), made my experience here be bumped up to two stars, otherwise I would have given the place a 1-star rating for last night.

Bar+Bistro is on its way to being a cool, hip place to eat and hang out. Unfortunately, it has its hiccups. So let me start off by saying, I did enjoy my food, it was good and I can tell someone is putting care into making it. Moving on...

I ordered the Mahi Mahi Tacos, my friend ordered the fries. The fries came out first and then quickly after, my tacos. The fries were good, my tacos were good. But it ends there. The tacos came as a "make it yourself" platter, which is a fun thing to do. However, I just kept thinking, "I could go down the street to Tacos El Gordo and have FIVE awesome tacos for less money than I'm spending now AND I wouldn't have to make them myself". That's just where my mind wanders I guess.

My biggest complaint of the night: the bartenders. I've stated before that chick bartenders piss me off and tonight the case was in full swing. There were two bartenders working that night, both ladies, both with dark hair. I walked up to a bar that was half full, pulled out my money and ID (because I always get ID'd) and stood there, obviously looking like I wanted to order. I proceeded to make eye contact with both of the bartenders many times. Finally, one came by and said she'd be "right with me". "Thanks" I replied back. She then proceeded to walk around the bar again. 

At this point two older gentleman walked up to the bar yelling pleasantries at the bartender. She walks up to them, chats, and then serves them........... BEFORE ME. 

I was so irritated by this point I just pointed to the beer in the hand of one of the guys beside me and she walked off and got me my beer. Since I already had $3 in my hand I just gave her the money and walked off. She should not have gotten a tip from me at all.

So, I want to like Bar+Bistro, I really do. The al fresco dining is awesome, but with staff treating customers so poorly it is hard for me to want to go back.

EDIT: Sometimes my bias of bartenders gets the best of me. But just so everyone knows, the bartenders at Bar+Bistro are very nice and even contacted me via Yelp about my experience. I am going back to Bar+Bistro and I am certainly hoping for a better experience. I think it will definitely be better in the next go round. :)
Went for lunch today with a group of six others.  We arrived at 11:30 a.m. and left at 1:30 p.m.  In and out in 2 hours.  Not what we planned at all.  The wait for our lunch was a half hour.  We were silly enough to order dessert, which took another 20 minutes.  We had to then track down the waiter to get the bill, which we had asked for when dessert was delivered.

The menu had interesting selections and the food, although a bit pricey, was plated nicely and had good flavors and textures.  I had the B + B chicken club, with thick, moist slices of chicken breast.  Came with sweet potato fries, which were delicious.  For dessert, we ordered several things.  I tried a bite of the chocolate gelato, which was not smooth and a bit icy.  The donut churros were excellent.
I returned to Bar+Bistro this past Friday night at the request of some friends and especially because an old friend was coming in from out of town. We had a group of seven of people, although we originally thought it was going to be smaller than that. Our server was helpful enough to switch some tables around to accommodate our group.

We dined on the patio and although it was a bit hot at times it was the perfect spot for a group of friends to catch up and have a good time.

We ordered: 

Spanish Alchacofa Dip
Garlic Pollo 
B+B Slider
Tempura Calamari
Donut Churros

Some of the group was just there to drink, others shared all the food. Our consensus was the Alchacofa dip, garlic pollo, and the donuts were the best. The calamari was really chewy, almost to a point I really did not want to eat it and I was not a fan of the tempura-style. My friend said the B+B slider was great. However, I think the star of everything was the donut churros with the spicy chocolate sauce.

Although my first experience here fell flat, this go-round was much better. Our server was consistent and very nice as well. I look forward to coming here from time to time. But I will say that I still think this place needs to be around for a little more before it's going to be top-notch Vegas dining.
Love to try new places, and I'm a risk taker when it comes to food.  Finding a creative menu of tapas was a pleasant surprise and we especially enjoyed the friendly staff who was willing to answer our foodie questions about the menu!  Big plus was a visit to our table from talented Chef Beni.  This is a great place to take friends, off-strip and an even better way to support local business.
We ate here with a group of 24 and the food was amazing. Great flavors. Wonderful presentation. Attentive service.
One of my favorite meals out here in vegas.  Tapas are always a hit with me because you get to try so many different things while not over stuffing youself (hey gotta watch the figure so I don't baloon out of control and have to watch my diet later on!)  We went on a wednesday night and I wasn't sure if it was open becuase there was no one else there!  But this gave the waitress an opportunity to be uber helpful/friendly!  She recommended the mac and cheese which was easily one of my top three that i've ever eaten.  (and I'm vegetarian and just out of college so i've had my fair share of mac and cheese both gourmet and easy mac)  Then we also got the tempura alcachofa (artichoke hearts) which were a little too oily for me, but i guess I should have expected it being that they were deep fried tempura style.  Then we had the mofongo (fried plantain...noticing a trend here with the fried stuff...) which was kind of bland until i realized I hadn't eaten any of the plantain but just the various vegetabels around it  haha.  The main part was tasty enough but kind of small and left me craving more plantain on the plate.  Then we did have dessert of a warm chocolate ganache cake which was supposed to come with Fig ice cream which I was really exccited for.  Unfortunatley they were out of the fig ice cream and just served us vanilla without telling us...(hmm shady)  they were also out of another dessert that I really wanted to try.  I was a little surprised becuase they didn't seem altogether that busy with only one or two other parties coming in.  But maybe it was an off day.

The best part about this place was the attached art gallery.  After eating we were able to walk around the gallery  (nothing huge but nice enough to do a little round after eating)  This helped settle my stomach and peaked my interest with some interesting pieces to look at.  I can't really afford them all too much right now being in grad school on student loans haha.  But very fun and interesting to look at.  I will surely make an attempt to return when they have an event on a friday or saturday evening, as it is always nice to get a new experience outside the usual clubbing in vegas.
I am giving Bar + Bistro 3 stars because of atmosphere, overall food quality and I have a soft spot for the LV arts district.

My husband and I visited Bar + Bistro for the first time in the summer of 2010 on a quiet weeknight and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the black tagliatelle with scallops and pink peppercorns and the hubs had that nights special which was chicken alla fiorentina. The chicken was stuffed with spinach and some sort of ham and cheese (probably prosciutto and mozzarella), and finished with a luxurious brown sauce of some sort. My dish was outstanding, but I tried my husbands chicken and it was marvelous. I could have licked the sauce off of the plate and would probably give up my first born to have the recipe. I also had a cucumber gin cocktail that was outstanding. The only bad thing about our meal was the cheesecake which was a bit dry, but our waiter took it off of the check for us.

Now moving on to the not so great part...Its now been about a year since that first visit and I must say that our most recent visit was not met with the same caliber as our first visit last year.

This second time around, we visited the restaurant during "Painters on the Patio," which seemed like a good idea upon arrival as the outdoor patio was bustling with artists and poets performing over an open mic. But we came to regret this decision due to blaring music and poetry recitals that made it impossible to converse without yelling. Had the staff made it a point to close the bar door, this would not have been a problem.

 And it was busy, which is normally a good sign, but upon being seated (promptly mind you) we noticed that the restaurant seemed to be a bit short staffed and overwhelmed. We were disappointed to find that the menu had changed from the initial modern European concept to a Spanish menu, as we were looking forward to enjoying the Italian dishes we had on our initial visit. But we ordered regardless and enjoyed the food. Everything we had was very flavorful and prepared with care. Since we had a party of 4, we ordered a slew of tapas that included the sweet potato fries, the caprese slider, 4 cheese mac, french onion soup and cordero chops. The sangria was good but was a bit warm and the ice melted quickly which watered down the overall beverage. My husbands beer was also a bit warm and he was a bit annoyed by the minuscule portion size of the cordero chops, as he was expecting something more substantial for $12.

Don't get me wrong, we are more than willing to shell out cash for good food, however this was hard to justify since service was lacking. Our waitress did not tell us her name and would often disappear without a trace or ignore us. The wait time for our food was very long as the dishes slowly trickled out. It took 10 minutes for the waitress to provide us with silverware and one person in out party waited another 10 minutes for a spoon for her onion soup. We had to flag our waitress down when our water glasses were empty.

 Midway through our service, we ordered the donut churros which did not appear after we finished our tapas. We had to flag down another waiter when our waitress couldn't be found to find out what was going on. He went and got our waitress and she then told us that it would be about a 20 min wait for the donut churros, after we had already been waiting. We then asked for the check which took another 10 minutes to appear. We also noticed other tables that had not received their orders for quite some time.

When we were leaving our waitress apologized for the wait. Overall, we were there for 2.5 hours.....for tapas. This is unacceptable. I really want to like this restaurant. The food is great and I love the atmosphere and how it caters to artists, but this service leaves much to be desired and it seemed that the kitchen had some hiccups as well. I may give it another go on a slower weeknight in the future, but the rest of my party was not as enthusiastic.
We really enjoyed brunch this past Sunday --  after a horrible dinner the night before at a very pricey restaurant, we just wanted something simple, well prepared and tasty...and that's what we found at B+B.  This wasn't the best brunch we've ever had, but the trip downtown, coupled with accommodating service, smiling faces and a happy gracious chef who seemed pleased to see we'd returned, made us feel like we had great value for our dollar.   We'll definitely come back.  

How nice is it to have a meal in a local venue that isn't in a strip mall.  This is one of the few places that has real ambiance...the floors aren't brick - they're made from old wood casks cut into tiles...my husband figured it out - he's very observant...  The large booth tables in one room - which is far more charming than the larger side room, are shaped like painter's pallettes... lots of art on the walls from neighboring, resident artists in the surrounding gallery spaces...  

It's cool, hip, funky and fun.  The food is interesting... They have a liquor license and are pouring fun drinks and have a very reasonably priced wine list. 

We're definitely fans!
We went here for lunch very late in the day. They were getting ready to close, but seated us and were still gracious. Our waitress was very professional and helpful. I ordered the steak cobb as usual. I should try something else but it is so good I can't help myself. My friend had the caesar and said it was good, but wished she had ordered what I did. We couldn't drink as we still had appointments. But they have the best Sangria and Mimosas I have ever had. Even though we were well past closing she did not try to rush us out. I adore this place and can't wait to return!
i say OK. took a little longer to get our order in after being seated ...on a really slow night. but the food was good. i think the drink prices ar a lil high. and not enough outdoor seating.

they are pet friendly which is a plus but im sure thats outdoor only and its hard to get a spot out side when there is only 3 or 4 tables.
I've had Bar + Bistro bookmarked for about a year. Finally went two weeks ago and have been there three times since.

I highly suggest ordering a latte with breakfast. A fabulous surprise was the crispy pancakes. There are about five items on the breakfast menu. The omelet was okay. I probably wouldn't revisit it.

The steak salad at lunch is wonderful. For $12 you get a filling assortment of pumpkin seeds, blue cheese, eggs, avocado, tomatoes, and grilled steak. 

For dinner I tried their version of sorullitos. Holy cow. This is the reason I returned twice. These things are the distant, beautiful cousins to the ones you get in Puerto Rico. The cousin everyone wants, but no one can have, because, well, it's family and that'd be wrong. But here, it's okay. Eat the corny fried thing with the secret spicy sauce. 

Guess the thing that puts Bar + Bistro above the rest is the atmosphere. It's real. Authentic. It has hurricane furniture, the kind that doesn't move when a storm hits because it's the real deal, welded together by an artist. My dad welds. Service can be spotty but I don't mind because I've got stars in my eyes.

Bar + Bistro is what community tastes like, looks like.
I LOVED this place, but I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because I'm a large person and the servings are really small.  The service wasn't the best, but it could be more related to the day and time I ate here.  I fully enjoyed the crispy pancakes, but was still hungry after I finished, so I finished my wife's CANGREJO BENEDICT MOFONGO which was one of the best things I think I've had in my entire life!  I was really angry that I didn't order that.  Although it was a very small serving, the flavors came together so nicely that I could have ordered two dishes if I felt like spending some cash.  The Bar + Bistro is a perfect place to finish up your weekend in Vegas.
4.5 stars, but if I have to choose four or five, they deserve the benefit of the doubt.  

After a rocking party at Mamie P.'s, and far too little sleep, we decided to hit up Bar + Bistro and put their Hangover Brunch to the test.  Right in the middle of the downtown Las Vegas art district, the brick building housing B + B is bursting with character.  It is the perfect backdrop to serve their delicious, unique and artfully prepared food.  

The breakfast selection was limited, but it was rounded out with a great selection of Spanish tapas.  I had the Cangrejo Benedict Mofongo.  It was amazing!  The serving was on the small side, but, oh man, did they pack in the flavor. I tasted he pancakes as well. They were delicious, but the presentation left a bit to be desired.  Three pancakes slapped on a barren plate was not doing it for me, but once I took a bite of the sweet, crispy (yes...crispy!) goodness, I forgave the lack of effort to make the plate look pretty.  If you end up ordering the pancakes, add some bacon to cut the sweetness of the dish and pretty up the plate a bit.  

On top of the fact that you are getting to enjoy delicious food, in a fun, hip area of Vegas, you are also treated to an awesome display of artwork by local artists.  Many of the pieces are available for purchase.  

If you are in the area on a weekend, you must stop by B + B and indulge in the Hangover Brunch.  While you are at it, support a local artist by taking one of their pieces home to adorn your pad.  Then you will forever have a reminder of the goodness that is Bar + Bistro.
The food is great, the enterior is great, but the food servings are a little small and the prices are a little too high for the area. If you are around Casino Center and Charleston and have extra money to burn, then stop in. Wednesday nights are great to go to and watch the Flameology fire spinners outside on the patio area, or on Saturdays you can listen to some whack job poets out there. I give it 3 stars because of the portion size and price. If you go to the bar attached to it, you'll dig the place, but not the drink prices. They are about about 20% more than Artifice RIGHT next door.
Two words: tomato soup. One of my co-workers told me she wanted to live inside of Bar+Bistro's tomato soup when she had it and now it makes sense. I can't even talk about anything else in reference to Bar+Bistro without screaming "tomato soup!" first. It's good enough to inspire embarrassing public verbal malfunctions. You cannot leave without trying this soup.

**I had a really awesome review written and when I went to publish it Yelp was "down for maintenance" and only saved through the first paragrpah**

I wrote some nice things about Bar+Bistro and am sad I lost the rest of my review! In a nutshell, the restaurant utilizes its space really well and has such a fun vibe. The food is great, although I'd pass on the garlic pollo if offered again. I got it based on the Yelp reviews and was disappointed. The broth was great, but the chicken didn't take on any of the flavor of the broth and I felt like I was eating an incomplete dish. However the tempura alcachofa (artichoke) and tomato soup were very tasty and I could make their tomato soup a weekly habit. 

The outdoor space is really cool and I felt like I was just hanging out at a friend's house, with better food of course. When I was there for vintage bike night chef was cooking up an enormous pan of paella and serving it up in hearty portions for only $5! 

I'll definitely be back and you should go too-do it for the soup!
Come for the whiskey, stay for the food.  [That's pretty much what happened to me.]  

We went out for a whiskey tasting and chose Bar + Bistro because they have a decently large collection of whiskeys, scotches and tequilas.  And the place puts together some interesting flights so you can compare the flavors of your favorite whiskey against a few you haven't tried before.

Sure, it's not the only bar in Vegas with a lot of whiskey options or the only bar offering flights, but it's one of the few whiskey bars in Vegas that understands the right ambiance for a wine bar/whiskey tasting bar.  [Hint: it's not pumping in club music and ruining the mellow vibe (ahem, Double Helix, looking at your bad choices)].  Nope, Bar + Bistro gets that setting the mood is an important component of a great bar.  The place plays off its prime spot downtown in the center of the Arts District (in the Arts Factory building) and provides heavy wooden tables, soft lighting and comfy booths for people to hang out in and enjoy the space while enjoying the drinks.     

After a few drinks, I started thinking food.  Check.  Bar + Bistro offers an excellent tapas menu as well.  We had the carnitas tacos, which were some of the better carnitas I've had in Vegas.  The pork was tender and juicy with excellent seasoning.  They come out on a narrow white plate filled with an accompanying row of color--green tomatillo salsa and yellow mango salsa.  We paired that up with the Little Pollo plate of chicken fingers (breading was crisp and the chicken tender), sliders (overpriced at $5 each, but tasty enough), Tomato soup--which everyone at the table raved about and I just have to pause and note that it must be amazing because, well, it's tomato soup (simple and classic offering) and we were all in love with it.

Advance warning: the prices are a little steep for some of the tapas ($7-14), but from what I've experienced, their tapas servings are bigger than most tapas places and the food is so fresh and tasty that it's worth it.  And, well, the couple of times we've been here, the service is slow.  Real slow.  I assume they're working on it, but it takes a long time for everything.  You'll be waiting for drinks and food alike.

So if you've got some time and a little coin in your pocket, it's one of the better spaces in Vegas to hang out and have a drink.
Add B+B to the current vegan explosion going on in Vegas! Their chef recently revealed a new and extensive vegan menu.  I was super excited to check it out, and I was not disappointed.

First, there are at least 3 or 4 FULL PAGES of vegan menu, including tapas, salads, sandwiches, entrees and yes, even desserts.  No afterthought of inclusion here -- this was a carefully thought-out and well-designed nod to vegan and v-friendly diners.  

I went with my foodie vegan pal, and we tried lots of tapas: Daiya cheese-stuffed piquillo peppers (yum!), pomegranate-sauced plantains (yum!), fried artichokes (yum!), paella (yum!), and grilled veggie tacos (OMFG double yum!).  The paella was more of a risotto, but still tasty, and a HUGE serving considering it was a "tapa."  The star of the evening was the plate grilled tacos, which came with jicama slaw, pico de gallo and some mango salsa, too, I believe.  Each component was delish and combined, the flavors all really worked together.  Sadly there were only 3 little tortillas (so there was lots of leftover filling, which we ate anyway).  I cold have eaten 10 of these! 

Another nice surprise was the VERY reasonably-priced wine list! We had a nice bottle of garnacha to accompany our dinner, and it was only $28.  Several other choices under $30 as well! 

We decided on the chocolate cake (served with a glass of rice milk) for dessert.  Way too full to each get our own!  It took quite awhile to arrive (I actually think our waiter forgot to put in the order), but we were enjoying our wine and a lovely evening on the patio, so no big.  The cake was also delish.  Molten on the inside, and the cool rice milk was a nice foil to the warm chocolate.  The texture of the cake was a little spongy and dry, but I would definitely order it again.

I can't wait to go back and try more stuff! I put up my pictures from the night, but they are pretty poor quality due to the low lighting.  Better pix next time!

Our server was very nice, but a bit slow and absent minded. That was the only real negative.  Otherwise, everything was excellent; and our dinner with 5 tapas, dessert, a bottle of wine, sparkling water, and tip was just over $100.  Good deal!
After dining here solo on one of my lunch break adventures, I was sold on coming back again and again. I can only share my input on lunch since it takes a lot to get me to head back downtown after working around here all day...wait...that doesn't sound good. I work at a casino ok??!! With 3 distinctly different places to sit and enjoy your food, outdoor seating, indoor cozy booths with funky tables or a more modernized cafe table seating surrounded by artwork, it's like 3 restaurants in one! 

Anyway, the food here is unique, a nice break from a Subway run for sure. The lunch menu has tons of choices and they get a good crowd because of it. The choices include safe lunch fare and more adventurous items but all are kicked up by their creative chef...even the condiments get special treatment, with their spicy ketchup and tangy mayo. The 4 cheese grill is amazing and a ton of food for a great price, complete with a little baby mug of tomato soup (so cute!). 

End with a nice bold cup of coffee and one of their tasty desserts. Afterwards you can take a walk over to the attached art gallery, lots of cool exhibits all around the maze-like hallways. 

I love this place and love introducing people to it even more, because let's face it, the arts district can be a little intimidating. Stop in and have some creative food at a good price!
Wonderful food combined with terrific but funky atmosphere and personable servers! What more could you want?
The arts factory area is a part of Las Vegas that the typical tourist (like me) is unlikely to visit and resides in a neighborhood that has seen better days. In spite of the forbidding first impression, the entire area, and especially this restaurant/bar, are worth frequent visits. This restaurant is the perfect culmination to a great experience by being the highlight of the experience. The menu offers a great variety and is exciting to puruse.  Limiting your selections is really challenging with so much to select from! The food is prepared to oder from this very extensive menu. There is a "regular section" with two or three pages of selections available, and an equally large "Vegan" section also running a couple of pages. The tappas approach to the dishes is another plus since it gives diners the chance to sample many things, and doing that is a rewarding experience. The desserts and unlike those found virtually anywhere else and I found myself wanting them all. I don't expect to visit Vegas again, but if I do, this place will certainly be on my "must do" list.
It's really a shame because this place could be awesome. This place really needs help service wise. The food is pretty decent. The service was atrocious. I felt slightly bad because our waitress was really nice and a little apologetic, but at the same time we all ordered at the same time got some food at a reasonable time and then a half an hour later we'd get the other food. We spent so much time sitting around waiting for a simple veggie sandwich. This place has serious management issues. The head chef needs to spend less time walking around and shaking everyone's hands and more time running the actual restaurant. Also, a bar and bistro should not have the problem of running out of any beer on a Thursday night when there is hardly anyone there.
Had dinner here at 6 pm last night. Arrived a little early and sat at the bar - what's cast of characters working here. All very local and not like what you will find on the strip - and that is a true compliment. Sat for dinner and was delighted with the food from the tapas small plates menus. Lamb chops, fish taco ( deconstructed) sautéed calamari, French onion soup , salmon slider. Simply amazing. Go now while it's still a hidden gem service staff is attentive, friendly and personable. A cant miss.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in town! They have a great vegan menu.
Food is always good, from small plates to soups to entrees. Service is solid, but not overly attentive. Great location and never too busy. Check it out!
So, we're in Vegas, and getting really sick of the strip and the mall food. We decided to take a risk, hop a cab, and give this place a try. It did not disappoint. The sangria was really good with crisp apples and assorted fruit. The tapas came to the table fast, and were larger portions than I'm used to seeing. The mofongo was out of this world good. The paella was excellent, and the donut churros really topped it off nicely. I'm a little sad that the patio was pretty much shutdown, but if I'm ever back in town, this will be a must visit. Oh, and the varnished brick floor, that's a really nice touch.
Mahi mahi mini tacos, u make them your self. They are very yummy they come with slaw, mango salsa, and green salsa. I love the place! Its artsy fartsy!  Check out the paintings, and buy one while your at it!
Our new favorite Secret Hideaway cool restaurant in Las Vegas. Everything their kitchen cranks out is amazing. The sauces are intricate w/ depth, balance, and have a lingering finish that leave you craving more. A foodie's wet dream. Forget the strip. If you're a local, go check these guys out. Also the atmosphere is cozy-funky-cool. This is what Vegas needs a lot more of.
so, its 9:30 at night in old las vegas (yes i call it that, seeing as how i am from phx, not vegas), hungry, and searching for a taste of something sort of healthy. my dad pulls up this place on some search engine after we finish shopping and off we go to get food. if i remember correctly he searched for vegetarian and it popped up.

We drive up and park, and its a little dead (not many people inside or out, which is fine), and walk in. the tables are funky and unique, as is the art that graces the walls. we get seated and our waitress, Moni, is awesome!! she not only was quick and attentive, but also was interested in my dad's food rambles. she even had beni, the chef, come out and talk to my dad (don't worry, nothing was wrong) and they started bouncing ideas for new dishes off each other. 

now to the food. OH. MY. GOD. i couldn't stop eating and i didn't know what i wanted my next bite to be of, everything was so good!!! we started with soups, i got the red lentil off of the VEGA menu, which was simple but warm and cozy, my dad got the seasonal pumpkin and acorn squash, which wasn't for me, but still tasty.  next up was the carnitas tacos (a MUST HAVE!!!), the sweet planatos (there are no words to describe the deliciousness of these. i kid not), the artichoke dip (damn tasty, make sure you get it with the chorizo) and the carne pizza (yum!). last but certainly not least, was dessert. there was the sorbet/ice cream trio, we ordered the ginger (i said, no shit, "it seeps into my soul and makes me giggle", which is totally true) the cranberry citrus, which was tart and almost fizzy feeling, and the true oddity of the menu, the butter cream corn. the flavor starts out as a buttercream ice cream, no hint of corn, but then as the ice cream melts away, you are left feeling as if you should be chewing on sweet, succulent corn. total mind f--- but trust me, its the best thing ever!! all of it was. 

there's an art gallery and a yoga studio among other things in the back and let's just say, i have found my new home here in vegas thanks to B+B
You would think that finding a place to eat dinner on Christmas Even in Las Vegas is not difficult, right? Well, if you're not looking for a buffet or some overpriced casino restaurant, it's actually a lot harder than you think. Sure, Vegas is a 24-hour city for tourists, but apparently locals prefer to eat important holiday meals at home. Who knew?

Luckily, Bar + Bistro's kitchen was open December 24 and we were able to dine in on some small plates while catching up with friends over drinks. I've been here before for a cocktail and this is a cool local bar. It's never too terribly crowded inside and there's a very inviting patio out front. Although they had a fire going, it was a little too chilly to sit out there. Inside was toasty warm and a glass of wine was calling my name. 

For dinner we ordered plantains, carnitas tacos and potatoes bravas. In retrospect, I should have gotten the sangria to go with this Spanish cuisine, but as I mentioned before, it was cold outside and I wanted a non-icy drink to warm up. The sangria here is especially good, so definitely order it if you're at the bar. Portions were just right - we had a heavy lunch just a few hours earlier and just wanted something small. Carnitas tacos were so good! Would eat three more plates of them! Plantains and potatoes were good, very standard tapas fare. 

Thank you, Bar + Bistro for being open Christmas Eve and serving food, too! Hit the spot!
Went for a late night dessert, the fig & pecan baklava is excellent, the ice cream homemade, the molten chocolate cake just right for that needed chocolate fix.
I've been here a couple of times now, e.g., birthday dinners, bachelorette dinner and lunch.

The food is generally good.  I've had the Kobe Beef sliders, which are fantastic, but $5/slider.  I've also had various other tapas plates, including fish street tacos, french fries (a necessity), pitas, paella (I think), and of course, sangria.

The last time I went was for lunch on my birthday.  My bosses and some co-workers were nice enough to treat/join me for lunch.  I suggested the Bar + Bistro since none of them had been there before (or the current iteration of it).  

We called ahead to reserve a table for seven people and were seated in the room left to the entrance.  We promptly ordered food and after that, it sorta went downhill.  

Each of our individual food came out in 10-15 minutes intervals.  This meant that no one got their food at the same time, and some people had to start eating way before others in the group.  There was no method to the madness.  We had to ask the waiter a couple of times to re-fill our drinks, including hot water for tea that two people ordered.  The hot water never came.  

The worst was that one boss's food came out dead last, literally 45-55 minutes after ordering.  By that time, all of us had finished our food.  He had ordered tomato soup and a grilled cheese sandwich. To add insult to injury (actually it was kinda funny *after* the fact), the tomato soup came out in a tiny (I mean TINY) espresso cup.  The sandwiches were tiny finger sandwiches, like the kind offered by old ladies at club meetings.  Suffice it to say, he was not a happy camper.                 

I had a Margherita flat bread type pizza, which was actually pretty good.  Everyone else said their food was so-so.  The overall service was terrible.  I'm not sure if they were short-staffed that day, or what the hizzle happened.  To be fair, they took the tomato soup and cheese sandwiches off the bill.  But B + B  really dropped the ball.  

I'll likely go back with family or friends...but for now, I'm blacklisted at work from suggesting lunch places without the corroboration of someone else.   That makes me a bit of a sad panda!
Since my return to the motherland (and that of my mother), I have seen this place a couple of times and said to myself, "I really need to check that place out."  In addition, other Yelpers have always encouraged my need to try any place once.  Last Friday night, I took my mom for a girl's night out (which ended up being a girl's night out/meet up with my uncle at the stink funktastic El Cortez, but that's entirely different story) and I finally filled my need to check it out.

Located on the corner of Casino Center and Charleston, the Bar and Bistro is nestled in a toasty warm nook.  There's a patio with a bar outside which I'm sure during the summer months is raging.  Due to the chilly weather, the bar was of course closed and despite the heat lamps provided, there were very few patrons sitting outside that I could see.  Inside the rich vibrant red colors and arts adorn the walls of the dimly lit place and the booth we were seated had its own charm with dried food at the edge of the table which my mom discovered as she slid inside.  We're not ones to cry over spilled milk or in this case, dried up leftovers from the previous booth patron and so our server handled it right away.  

This brings me to our server.  I'm horrible with names but long on remembering faces and she was as sweet as can be.  She was very attentive, knowledgeable, personable and relaxed which any one should want in their server.  I really hate the overbearing ones who try to upsale - it's annoying and unnecessary.  She did a fab job bringing out our selections in a timely manner as well.  And this is what we had:

Sangria w/ prescco (at our great server's suggestion)
French onion soup
B&B Cangrejo
Carnitas Tacos
Chimichurri Steak Cobb
Carne pizza

Needless to say, we took home our salad and pizza because between the soup and the tapas, I was all but done.  And because we had two sangrias each and we were not feeling the need to be completely gluttonous, we skipped dessert.  When I come back, I will skip the tapas and entrees and head right for the desserts because those smores look delicious.  

I will definitely be back.  Perhaps next time I will bring my husband who never takes me out anymore.  He might enjoy the whiskey flights after all and I'm intrigued with that as well.  Does whiskey go well with smores?  Oh what am I saying?  It's whiskey, it's good with everything!
Love this place! Brunch was perfect! Four Cheese Quiche with side salad, Chicken Nuggets, and Mimosas :) My auntie had her first Mimosa  ever. Bluegrass band on the patio was enjoyable and they allow doggies. My doggie, Tiny, loved the atmosphere. I'll return again if ever in Vegas.
I was going to downtown Las Vegas last night for a show, so I decided to stop for dinner at the Bar + Bistro.  I made one error in that it was First Friday in the Arts District and the restaurant has an abbreviated menu for that evening.

I went with two of their tapas plates and a dessert.  I started with their roasted tomate soup.  It was excellent.  The second dish was their 5 cheese mac and cheese a combination of smoked gouda, sharp cheddar, fontina, Manchego, roasted tomato, piquillo peppers, and parmesan crisp.  The pasta was gigli.  The mac and cheese was very tasty, too!

I rounded out my dinner with a warm chocolate ganache cake.  It, too, was excellent.  It was served with a small scoop of sorbet and it was a perfect ending.

All things considered, I'd rather have come here on a night when I could have ordered from the full menu, but I had the chance to taste some of their good cuisine.  I think it's a bit pricey for what you get.  I enjoyed the decor a lot.  The tables shaped like artists' palettes with a metal well in many.  One thing that got me several times was the thought that I had dripped something onto the table.  When I looked, it was merely some spattered paint when they were decorating the tables.  Every time I looked down, it was a "gotcha."
Wonderful atmosphere in this joint. Think Williamsburg hipster mixed with an art degree twist. I personally think Vegas needs about 30 more places with this same local flair, and less corporate megarestaruants. 

As for the food, I sampled many of the Tapas but had no entrees. My favorites were the Lamb, the mahi mahi tacos, the pizza (super good, reminded me of Settebello in Green Valley's style), and the beef sliders. I was not blown away by the sauteed calamari, tasted a little too fishy and peppery. I saw some guy eating the steak, it made me drool. Drinks were delicious and full of alcohol but came out a little slow, and so did the plates (we had to ask twice). The waiter was a sweet girl though, maybe her mind was just somewhere else that night. 

I will definitely return.
Wow. I will not address what this was like in the past.
The new head chef, Beni Velàzquez, and his entire staff, have worked magic. A group of us sat down for dinner at one of their creatively designed tables (an artists palette), and were promptly attended to by Asia (who was fantastic the whole meal). One of our party is vegetarian, and so she started to look for options on the menu, and to our surprise there was a whole vegan menu. A large vegan menu I might add. It was such a surprise. It was a more elaborate menu of vegan options than are found at most vegan restaurants. Well, other than one crab appetizer, we decided to go vegan for our whole order. One vegetarian, three omnivores.
We ordered many different items, all vegan: mushroom pizza with a tapioca based cheese, salad, stuffed peppers, two different potato dishes, tempura deep fried artichoke hearts, and more. Wow. It was all fantastic, dare I say even as good as my favorite restaurant anywhere, Candle Cafe in NYC (vegetarian, mostly vegan). Chef Beni came out and talked to us for a while, their vegan utensils and items are kept completely separate from the normal items, the menu is designed entirely in house, it was just a fantastic overall experience. Vegas now has one of the best vegan options I have ever found. I can not wait to go back.
Excellent Customer Service and EXCELLENT food!! So we showed up with about a group of 6. We arrived at the  restaurant on 2.12.12 and were told that we had missed our reservation by an hour and that the restaurant was closed. My husband and I were visiting from out of town and a Friend of a friend had made the reservation. The host of our group had been mistaken and explained this to the staff and they GRACIOUSLY seated us in the bar. The darling bartender made us feel right at home and was happy to serve us. I order the shrimp mafongo (sp) YUM!!!!! I also ordered the tempura artichoke, I was told they were out, the bartender suggested a couple items, and I couldn't decide (everything on the menu looks DELICIOUS) she asked if she could just pick out a fav of hers for me and if I didn't like it I could send it back...I was pleasantly surprised with the CORDERO CHOPS = Australian grilled lamb chops. YUM!! I am not even a fan of lamb...I guess they know how to do it right. If you are in Vegas CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!!! I cannot wait to go back!!
This is among my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I always include Arts Bistro on my list of places to bring friends when they visit from out-of-town.  I like the artsy decorum of the place - the vibe is a lot different from standard Vegas.   I also really like the down-to-earth atmosphere of the place.   It is very nice and eclectic, and has a real sense of uniqueness for being in the middle of Vegas.

The food here is great.  My favorites are the artichoke dip and the ahi salad.    Its also nice that they have healthy options, as well as dishes for vegans.  I was here with some friends for New Years Eve dinner - they had a 10-course tapas meal, which I felt was far superior to any buffet or gourmet meal that could be had on the strip, and it was less expensive too.

Their sangrias are great, I feel as though I can literally taste the word "quality" when I drink it.  Their happy hour deal on Sangrias (@ $4) I think is a really great value.
Boo! 
I really tried to enjoy the food and absorb the atmosphere because I really want the downtown area to become a local hang out and hot spot for great dining. I was disappointed with the overall flavor of the food and even more disappointed with the bill when I left. I don't mind dropping $150 on a casual dinner for 2, but I expect it to be memorable and delicious. I think the menu is 'trying too hard" to be hip and the ambiance is about the same. 

On a good note: The drinks are fantastic and the service is GREAT!
Ive tried to eat here twice on first friday.  Not only was there a scene between the hostess/server whatever she was and the manager guy or whatever he was about seating.  They yelled at each other while us guests waited by the door to be seated.  Did we get seated? No. Do we care about your stupid unprofessional tantrum at the door? No.  This place sucks, won't ever recommend, it should be replaced with people who know what they're doing.  It's called SERVICE people!!!!!
I decided to invite business partners to Restaurants for Restaurant week as a good excude to get together, enjoy good food and donate to a GREAT cause.  I was pleasantly surprised at the Cubano Panino on the menu for Restaurant Week.  A three course meal for $20.11.  NICE!
We've tried this First Friday hotspot a couple times. Service is good, staff very friendly and accomodating. We usually come with large parties of 10 or more and manage to get seated right away. The chef prepares a tasty selection of tapas ...faves include garlic chicken, paella, mac & cheese. But you may want to file a police report because you will get ROBBED! $15 for a tapas size mini bowl of paella will not only leave you hungry but feeling jilted...and empty...oh wait that's your wallet. Tonight we spent over $100 to feed 4 and still managed to look longingly at the roach coach nearby serving up garlic fries. B&B's food is ok but not worth the entrée prices for a "sampling" of food.
Sunday Bluegrass Brunch is brillant.  Feels like a quirky southern place with refined food, live music for the in the know set. The best outdoor place to eat breakie in vegas bar none.  Short cab from chaos on the strip. Make sure you have waiter call you a cab at least 20 mins before you leave as there is no hailing one.  A bit pricy but so is everything in vegas. I believe this may be my best "off the beaten path" brunch find yet.
Too oily, no taste.

My bf and myself gave this place 2 separate tries cause it seemed to have potential. The first time we ordered the grilled vega tacos, Potatoes brava, And b + b vega burgers all from the vegan menu. The tacos came with roasted squash that was so oily we couldn't eat it in the tortillas. The sliders were OK but didn't taste like much and the potatoes were just potatoes in a tomato sauce that tasted no better then something out of a jar.

The second try we ordered the b+ b sliders again and they were so oily and tasteless we didn't each finish a our slider. We also tried the Vega mofongo cause it sounded interesting but it was mashed plantains sitting in a pool of oil and topped with over cooked veggies with no flavor. Gross. Didn't finish. Also tried the trio roasted Tomatillos and only ate one whole that we split. The tomatillo was so over roasted it was mush and tasteless. Didn't eat the other two we just scooped out the stuffing and pushed it around the plate.

We tried to give artsy Vegas a chance but it was too gross to even stomach. We are from Detroit so it's not like we are used to super high end vegan food. But at least what we pay $50 for in Detroit fills us up and doesn't leave us feeling sick. Stopped by a national chain on our way back to our hotel cause we were still hungry.
I was hoping to have a knock-your-socks-off experience here.  I did not. 

I love downtown Vegas, and I am a fan of any business that is going to help the area grow.  So kudos for that. 

However, when you have alcapurrias, bacalaitos, mofongo, and paella on the menu, I'm going to judge you harshly if you can't deliver.  

Let me preface by saying that I knew going into this place that everything on the menu was going to be the 'fancy-pants' version of traditional Spanish and Caribbean foods, so there's some leeway for artistic interpretation.  I said leeway, not 'screw tradition, I do what I want'.  

I've had alcapurrias, bacalaitos, and mofongo on the beaches of Puerto Rico, so ordering this was a way to have a culinary nostalgia trip for me.  Nope, no such luck.  The alcapurrias were bland, the bacalaitos were soggy, and the mofongo was oily.  For those of you not familiar with these foods, they are *not* supposed to be that way.  

Now, the paella, I'm thinking will redeem the menu.  It's a seafood paella, with mussels, shrimp, clams, bits of whitefish (I believe cod but don't quote me), and veggies and rice.  Traditional paella takes at least a good half hour to bake, and it should only be made when it's ordered.  Otherwise, if it sits too long it can get gummy and chewy.  So I'm thinking ok, let the tapas settle and have some chit-chat with my friend while the paella is ready.  

Sidebar:  The chef was out in the dining room nearly the entire time I was there and he was having a loud conversation with a patron about sources, marketing, mixology, and all sorts of other stuff which I'm sure would be interesting if you were part of the conversation, but honestly, I don't want to listen to all that while I'm trying to have a pleasant dinner with a friend.  Get back into your kitchen and make sure your chefs are on point with their food and your servers are on point with their service.

Surprisingly, the paella comes out in about ten minutes from the time of ordering.  Uhm, what, ok.  So it looks to have a fair amount of seafood in the rice and veggies and I'm thinking it looks promising.  I taste it.  It's salty.  And not just salty because it's seafood and there's salt in seafood anyway.  No, I mean, salty to the point that I'm drinking water to wash out the salt.  The actual consistency of the paella was ok (no mushiness so good job there) but I couldn't get past the salt to appreciate the seasoning.  

I want to be a fan.  I really do.  But I'm not.
Love the backyard patio. This place screams hipster crowd. I came here last week and it happened to be the time when a Vespa scooter rally was in town. The parking lot was blocked off and the Vespa riders were launching their scooters off of what could only be described by Napoleon Dynamite as some, "Sick jumps"

On the back patio there was a band playing reggae tunes, and they were roasting an entire pig luau-style. The bar is extensive, and they even had my favorite gin (Hendrick's) on the top shelf. 

Yes, indeed! Step inside for the FREE art gallery exhibits. This gallery goes up and down and winds around corners with artistic surprises at every turn. There's even a yoga studio ensconced between one of the galleries. That's cool for you Namaste types, but I prefer hard-hitting cardio.

I digress...

Check this place out. They always have something interesting going on including an open mic night on Thursdays. The last time I was here they were doing body painting out back.


I have yet to try the food, but I'm a huge fan of any type of ethnic fusion. They serve up Latin fusion here. The portions are small and pricey though. I'll update you when I try it!
Love this place. Vegan pizza is the Buisness
Stopped in to check out the Red Umbrella Diaries event and we grabbed a seat out in the back patio. We started off with a couple of drinks- a sangria for the wifey, and I love me a good mojito...the sangria was pretty good, but my mojito was no bueno, I didn't even finish it.

We also decided to grab a couple of tapas to try-our waitress swore by the crabcakes and the fish tacos, so we went with her recommendations. The Crabcakes were excellent and paired well with the sauces and mixed greens.
The fish tacos on the other hand were a joke. for $10 you got a deconstructed plate of  3 mini tortillas, a small piece of fish, a sliver of pineapple with tons of slaw and salsa. This one was also no bueno.

The atmosphere here is cool though, like a very condensed version of First Friday.
after the Red Umbrella Diaries, Oneness Vibe provided some reggae beats, artists were painting, people were chilaxing by the bonfire, and we hung out with Angela H. and her pal, Jen F., and Joe L. Great hangout, but I'd probably hit up the street vendors who are on the same street, and serve up some of the tastiest tacos in town...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(202/365) " A+ For Atmo"
You have got to check out this menu!  It is unique.  So many really interesting things to pick from.  How do you decide?  I guess I'll have to go back and back and back.  They have an extensive vegan menu also.  The Vega Sweet Plantanos were truly awesome.  I've gotten take out there about a half a dozen times and have never been disappointed.  Slightly pricey but oh so worth it!!!
Either I didn't see it the first time (which i highly doubt) or they just changed the menu to have loads of vegan friendly tapas! I was so excited to see the changes because last time i couldn't really order much. I would definitely try the stuffed peppers and some of their shrimp dishes are bomb diggaddy. Their doughnut churros... are.. ok but you know most americans are going to compare any churros to the ones you remember as a kid from Disney Land and.. it just can't compare. HAHA. 
Very artsy fartsy place with good service and each plate of food is full of flavor. If you wanna try something new, i definitely recommend this place!
This restaurant is included in the dining guide "Eating Las Vegas: The 50 Essential Restaurants".  Here is a list of what we ordered: 
1) Alcapurras - Kobe beef, pacheta, sofrito, black currants, achiote, green banana, taro root croquetas, sofrito cream sauce. (lacked flavor, 2 Forks)
2) B+B slider - "Kobe style" Wagyu beef, Manchego cheese, pickled shallots, arugula, roasted tomato mayo.  (dry, 2 Forks)
3) Spiced salmon slider - Loch Duart Scottish (sustainable by cleanfish®), organic greens, tomato, cured ricotta, sweet spiced pecans, citrus dressing (very good, 4 Forks)
3) Chopped Latin salad - cabbage, jicama, piquillo peppers, pumpkin seeds, avocado, Manchego cheese, plantain chips, chimichurri honey dressing.  (refreshing, 4 Forks)
4) Tempura alcachofa - long stemmed artichoke hearts with curry aioli.  (tasty, 4 Forks)

Overall, it was slight more hit than miss.  I used a restaurant.com gift certificate.
Bar + Bistro is only getting 1 star because I can't give it zero.  I can't believe this place is still in business.  We enjoyed the Saturday matinee of The Color Purple at the Smith Center and planned to try out this place afterwards because of the vegan menu.  

We were seated right away in the outdoor patio and waited for our waitress.  She shows up and we asked if there was a hefeweizen on tap and she said she didn't know and tried to tell us that she was new.  Then we were told they just ran out.  Fine, we ordered 2 beverages and the hummus to start and also ordered two of the vegan entrees.  The drinks show up, and more people are seated in our waitress's area.  5, 10, 15, 20 minutes go by and we have nothing.  No one has anything on their tables, no waitress, no explanation, no drink refill, NOTHING!  I tried to throw down some money to leave but bf insisted that we tell the waitress that we were leaving.  So we wait, with empty drinks.  Finally, after our orders have been placed for more than 30 minutes she arrives at our table to tell us that they just ran out of the peppers that were used for the dish I ordered.  I'm done with this place.  I threw a $10 on the table and walked away.  She looked at me and said, "What happened?  The food would be out soon."  I told her we weren't waiting any longer, we didn't even have our appetizer yet and pointed out that no one on the patio had anything.  Then she tried to add up the cost of our 2 drinks.  Really?!  I threw down a $10 and we are walking out and she's trying to get us to pay the bill.
I thought that after watching the Bar + Bistro on Steak Out that our food experience would be to die for.  Instead the Tapas should be listed under the soup section.  The mushrooms were the worst with two small slices of bread, can't even explain the taste, none I ever want to have again.  Not sure what drink we had since it should have been a sangria.  It was more like flavored sparkling water with no alcohol.  The only enjoyable thing we experience was the live band.  They were actually pretty good and there were people dancing.  It is a nice location and nice venue, but the food has to live up to the place.  Sorry, not going back need to have a change in the food preparation.
I'd like to preface by saying that I plan on placing a call to the manager to report the experience I had here. While some people take joy in obliterating the reputations of businesses with one-star ratings on Yelp, I don't like giving only one star, especially for a locally-owned, non-franchisee establishment with good food. We just don't have enough of those here and they should be cherished. However, the experience I had at Bar+Bistro, combined with lackluster visits since writing my last review really leaves me no choice but a one-star review. 

The food is as great as everyone says. It's creative and delicious and consistently so-I've only had one dish here that I didn't care for. The drinks are great and they have decent happy hour specials. As far as food and drink goes, they have it right.

The service ranges on a scale from apathetic to unwarranted hostility, the latter of which was received on my latest visit. I've sat at the bar most times when I've come here and have found the bartenders to be more interested in talking to friends and more regular customers than taking a simple drink order from me. Most times I felt like a burden sitting at the bar, taking up valuable time from the bartender that they could be using to discuss who Biffy is boffing with their friends at the other end of the bar. I'm so sorry it's asking so much for you to place a cup under the faucet of the sangria jug and take the three seconds to pour me a beverage. Perhaps I should've hopped over the bar and done it myself as it would've been less of an inconvenience.

My latest and very last visit (4/22/12) involved Sunday brunch with three other friends. Our waiter was nice enough-friendly and personable, a little forgetful, but seeing as he was the only one in the dining area for a bit I was ready to let that slide. Thus began theme one of the day: retardedly long lapses of time. Two parties were seated next to us maybe 15 minutes after we sat down and before we even received refills on our coffee, their food came out. So we waited. And waited. No food. No sign of our waiter. Just four very hangry girls in various stages of hangover waiting on food that was possibly being sourced in another state. 

We stopped the waitress serving the table next to us, to ask for refills and find out about our food since our waiter was nowhere to be found and with great insincerity she put her hands together, smiled and said "Let me get your waiter!" Thus began the coexisting theme: unnecessarily hostile service. Why did she have to say it like that? Even though it wasn't her fault she should have apologized and non-passive aggressively offered to get our waiter for us. Our waiter arrives back after another long lapse of time to tell us that our ticket was lost and our food was being made right now. The food starts to arrive about 20 minutes later in ridiculous intervals of 5-10 minutes between dishes and there we are, nearly an hour in and only 3/4 of our party has food, which is now getting cold as we wait for the last dish. What happened to the party of 8 that had arrived after us you ask? Oh, they had FINISHED THEIR MEAL AND LEFT. 

I finally asked for the manager and after a small, fragile woman who could not process my complaint was sent over to our table, the waitress who had made it clear that we were an annoyance to her, was sent over to share in the snarkiest of tones what a busy day it was for them, how they were so disabled with only one chef on staff and how poppin' the patio was.  Yes, the busyness of the patio was preventing the food I ordered over an hour ago from getting to the table. Her attitude was completely hostile and she treated us like we were making a big deal out of nothing. The apology she gave after the list of excuses was insincere and anything but apologetic.  Then she continued to insult me by offering to take my  $2 coffee off the tab. How kind of her to offer such a generous discount! After my strong suggestion that she remove my entree from the tab, she did. 

The delay in food to table I could let go. The inattentiveness of our friendly waiter, I could also let go. The lack of consistent refills, forgiven. The utter lack of concern and boorish behavior of the waitress/manager/restaurant muscle was unacceptable. She treated us like we were being unreasonable and like it was US who had made the mistake when in fact the only mistake we'd made was ordering food and expecting it to arrive before Memorial Day. Her disgusting approach to the situation was unprofessional and an embarrassment to the restaurant industry. I am really sad to have had such a terrible experience at a restaurant that really sets a local standard as far as food goes.  

I will not be back. I will not make any more referrals. This place is dead to me and I can only hope to erase the horrible experience I had here with a substantially better experience at another restaurant more deserving of my business.
I am always a fan of non-chain locally owned restaurants, so after hearing the buzz about here, I eagerly made plans to eat in. Despite my enthusiasm, in the end it was just ok. Service was fine, if not a little overeager/borderline pushy at suggesting apps/drinks/dessert. Interestingly, none of the wait staff was at all familiar with the Yelp check in coupon for a free soda- looked at me like i was nuts, taking my phone off to seek clarification. Ambiance (ate outdoors) is on the right track, but there is so much more which could be done to truly make a statement. Went with two entrees which were ok, but overall unremarkable, and even less so considering the price. The seafood bouillabaisse was "center of the road" with the portion slighty smaller than expected, especially for the price. Other seafood entree was a step above bland, but again not representative of the price point. The sangria I would def not recommend, tasting like uninspired fruit juice. In the end, the makings are there for a potential winner, but price or quality would need to improve for me to get behind this restaurant.
Ever have an experience so poor you think you're being punk'd? This was more of a museum than a restaurant...a wonderful place to watch other people eat while all the components of your brunch for a party of four arrive one at a time over an hour and a half. It felt like a puzzle we had to piece together before our fourth member could even receive their meal.

With the exception of a slow but very apologetic waiter, the staff was an embarrassment to the service industry. Some advice: 1) do not argue with your customers 2) do not say food is coming out late because the bar and the patio are packed -- since when is being seated inside the actual restaurant a punishment? Also, between the dining room, the bar and the patio there were about eight tables. 3) do not serve soggy, day-old sourdough as a 'brioche' 

I will only go back to this spot in six months -- when it has crumbled under its own pretentiousness and mismanagement and a new venue has sprung forward.
I wanted to recommend this place for friends coming into town next month, but with all the recent reviews describing the terrible service, I'm not so sure now. You can have the best food/drinks/atmosphere, but to me, it really is all about the service you receive from the staff to make the experience worthwhile.

I have been here a couple times, and I do agree that if you're not a regular, your service isn't so great, even at the bar. I've sat at the bar with an empty glass and no offers of a refill. I had to flag down the bartender, who was standing right in front of me, for a refill. But when I'm hanging out with some of the regulars, service is fine.

I want to like this place and recommend friends here, but if the service doesn't improve I can't recommend anyone to eat here unless you can come with a regular.
Wow! I am surprised at the reviews, that was not the case of my experience at all. 

We went for the first time a week and a half ago on a Friday. When we arrived we were nicely greeted, and seated immediately. Our waitress greeted us and took our drink orders. My husband and I ordered the house red wine, which was a great choice!

For dinner we ordered from the tapas selection. We started off with both soups, French Onion and Tomato. Both were delicious. The French Onion had more flavor than just beef broth and onions. As for the tomato, it was creamy and hearty of tomatoes at the same time. Would suggest to friends to try either one or both. 

We then had the grilled fish tacos, yummy, but wish there was more. 3 small tortillas with 2 bites of fish and a couple of tablespoons of different salsas. If they added just a little more, it would be perfect. 

We ordered the filet sliders and burger sliders. Both were flavorful and juicy. 

The mac & cheese was a great combination of cheeses oozing over pasta. 

Ordered a cheese flatbread for our daughters. No complaints. 

We also had sweet potato fries which is a regular staple for many places now, however these were seasoned with spices that truly tantalized your tastebuds. 

Our service was great. The chef even came out and spoke to us. We're looking forward to going back, hopefully to enjoy the same great experience.
Great atmosphere, amazing paella and sauteed calamari, inexpensive food, great for groups and drinks weren't too expensive. Definitely worth checking out and they take reservations.
We opted to dine from the vegan menu on our first visit to Bar + Bistro and were not disappointed.  Service was prompt and courteous and the meals were well seasoned, flavorful and well presented.  My favorite dish was the chilies stuffed with oats and all sorts of other goodness.  I'll be back!
I really really wanted to like this place...really I did *sigh*

I've now been there three times and my experience has been the same.  Service was very slow all three times, food is good but nothing exceptional and certainly not worth the price.  I saw that they are now doing breakfast and looked at the menu...$11 for OATMEAL?? Uh, no thanks...

I will say the the Sangria was very good.

I would consider going back for drinks and apps if the company was right
A great spot for creative food, nice ambiance, music, art. I love how hard these folks are trying to make this a center for creativity.

The waitstaff was extremely friendly and helpful. I ordered a glass of wine off the by-the-glass list and it was fabulous, which made me happy - someone is choosing the wines carefully.

The food was delicious, and in large portions for tapas. My friend loved her seafood paella.

The bar area is gorgeous and cozy, so if it is hot, go hang out on the comfy furniture inside and have a house-made sangria.
I've been here a couple of times, but last night I stopped into the bar (my first time) on my way to the Elite event at the Mob Museum.  So.  This review is for the bar only.  The location of this place is a little sketchy.  It's off to itself, next to Artifice and what amounts to a couple of vacant lots.  Just park.  You aren't getting towed.

Walking into this joint, it totally looks like someone's yard.  There's typically a pig roasting and a really inviting patio area.  Really cool.  Inside, it's all dark and industrial and all of the servers look like they fell out of a hipster magazine.  The fact that all of the servers are incredibly friendly prevents my square self from feeling totally out of place.  The bar area had some interesting porn (yep, that's right) playing while we were having drinks and appetizers, so just be aware of that if you're planning on taking the fam here for a night on the town.  Porn aside, the decor is cool. Light sconces are made out of liquor bottles and the bar divide is raised by a pulley system.  I'm a dork so I thought this was fascinating.  

Unique place to have some drinks and both appetizers we had -- Carne pizza (pepperoni, goat cheese, chorizo) and the spanish alcachofa dip served with crispy fried plantains -- were tasty.
Two words. Vegan menu. Love the ambiance, low key yet fun and eclectic artwork. The currant scones are delish and the vegan slider is a yummy treat. Nice option if you don't want to battle the strip.
We visited this place twice in last couple of months after learning about it on one of those restaurant make over shows on Food TV.  Having grown up here and being very familiar with the area the restaurant is located in, I was preparing for a horrible experience. I was wrong. The restaurant isn't the fanciest place in town but it has a lot of character. The area of Main and Charleston is known as the "Arts District" now, so there are a lot of different personalities around. 
The service there was pretty good. Everyone was friendly and quick to serve us. They have a bar area and seating area inside the building, which is shared with an art studio and they have outdoor seating too. The outdoor seating is pretty interesting on the weekends, as they have a band and local artists there to entertain and present their work to everyone. They also have open mike for anyone to go up and read poetry, sing, whatever. I also saw some small dogs were allowed outside with their owners.
Now the food...Pretty Good! We pretty much stuck to the Tapas menu. the Ribs and Sliders are very good. Also, the Ahi Skewers and Scallops were tasty. The service did get slow for a spell on our first visit and the kitchen closed down for a short moment during our second visit but the staff quick to explain what was going on. Pricing is pretty much on the moderate side for a "not so fancy" restaurant, so there is room for improvement on this part. I also understand they're going to serve brunch soon. That should be interesting.
It's nice to see some positive things happening in the downtown area and we're happily looking forward to future visits to the Bar+Bistro.
Ok.  My first impression is artsy and we don't give a $&@t.  I'm told the kitchen is now no longer serving due to a small party in the other room!  This place is crap.
I was going to try and write something good about this place but the only thing really good was the service at the bar. Otherwise it's nothing special, it's just another place with a Clark County liquor license, and another place selling overpriced menu creations that competes with all the other places in Vegas where one can get the same things or find better. 

In short writing this review was better than taking Ambien as it's about to put me to sleep, just like this bar did. I'll be nice and give them 3 stars: 2 stars for service when you can get it, 1 star for the hard liquor case along the East wall.

Edit: I see many of my friends like this place and I'm sorry to only give them 3 stars. But it's just not all that. It's just not.
I have been going to Bar + Bistro since it opened a couple years ago.  Had I written a review then, I would have given the restaurant 2 stars.  Much has improved since the opening.  The menu has gone through a couple of revisions.  Dishes that didn't work have been removed.  Dishes that do work have survived.  The biggest improvement is the service.  Once upon a time, the service was slow, confused, and inattentive.  My recent experiences have suggested otherwise.  The wait staff as of late has been very attentive, friendly, communicative, and they have had a good knowledge of the menu.  

The cuisine consists of Mediterranean inspired dishes a strong Spanish influence, throw in a little American fusion, and that about sums it up.  You can find pizza on the menu.  Mind you, the pizza is baked on a wafer crust.  It's good, but it's not what you expect when you order pizza.  I have had really good luck with the seafood dishes, salads and the soups.

The chef has shifted focus to a tapas menu.  The appetizers are excellent. Great place to dine with a few friends if you are looking to share.  They are a little pricey, though ($10 for a plate of sauteed wild mushrooms in broth). Try the sliders if you are looking for comfort food with a little variety.  

Portions are perfect.  There is no way you can overeat or have leftovers.  Very tasteful and healthful.  Food is always nicely seasoned: very big on flavor but not spiced so powerfully that it blows away your palette.

Of course you can't write a review on Bar + Bistro without mentioning the ambiance.  The restaurant is located on the 1st floor of the Arts Factory, and works from the gallery flow into the dining room.  You will find a changing rotation of pieces from local and regional artists that have showed at many of the galleries in the Vegas Arts District.  The restaurant's heritage arts is even present in the dining booths (intimate booths with tables in the shape of painter's palettes).

I would not eat here on a First Friday.  I you intend to, you must make a reservation.  With that, I make a plea to the Las Vegas resident: make an effort to visit Downtown on another day of the month, even if it's just for dinner.  Bar + Bistro is open 7-days a week and they eagerly await your patronage.
4.5 stars for the food, 1.5 stars for the service, I figure an average of 3 stars sums up how I feel about Bar + Bistro.  

I am a big fan of the food.  I mean HUGE fan of the food.  I was there probably once a month for the first few months that they were open, which is a lot for me considering I try to keep my restaurant budget pretty low.  I took all my out of town friends and family to show them that Vegas does have some options for creative, healthy, delicious, reasonably priced, and vegetarian/vegan friendly food!  

The roasted tomate soup and platanos are phenomenal, as is the mac n cheese, yum!  I highly recommend the albacore tuna slider or salad.  NIcely crusted with pepper and cooked *just* right.  Also, the catalan pizza is unique and satisfying. I suggest browsing other reviews and grazing once you're there.

However, I have become more and more hesitant to return because of the service I've received.  Generally not by the waitstaff that are usually very friendly, yet often very overwhelmed, but the seating/greeting staff have driven me away.  I'm accustomed to dishes taking quite a while to be delivered, and maybe a forgotten drink or two at the table - we accept that we need to ask twice for a drink every now and then because the food is such a standout, but my most recent experience has led me not to return anytime soon.

I called ahead of time to see if they take reservations for a Saturday night.  Over the phone at 5:00 pm they told me they do not.  A group of five of us arrive at 8:00, the place is busy but not line-out-the-door packed, they tell us the wait will be 30 - 45 minutes.  We decided to sit and have a drink at the bar.  After 45 minutes I go check, passing open tables as I walk up to the front podium.  They say we'll be seated very soon.  After another 25 minutes (an hour and 10 mins from arriving) I check again.  They say soon, and clearly let me know I'm being a bother.  I understand busy nights, but there were no fewer than 5 tables sitting empty!  If we couldn't make reservations, who are those empty tables for?  Finally around 9:20 we had enough of the greeters disregard, and left for greener pastures leaving behind a handful of dining guests and about 7 open tables at which, for some reason, we were not allowed to be seated.

Maybe that night everyone called in sick and they only had one waiter that night?  That is the only reason I can think of that a restaurant would refuse to seat us when there were only a handful of guests and MANY open tables.  Even if that is the case, they should have let us know.  We were hungry and very offput by the time we left.  

Great food, but poor customer service cost them my "regular" status there.
I have been here more than a few times and every time I come back it makes me like it a little more.  Great food that always tastes fresh!  Great ideas and plays on traditional food!  I have to commend the chef because of the way the food speaks to you, it's one of the things that keeps me coming back for more and more and more!  

It is located in the Arts District and the decore is funky and eclectic.  The Bar is located in a room next door and both the Bar + Bistro are connected to the Art Gallery.  It is a really nice spot to hang out and have some great food.  I wish I could remember all that we ordered but I know the Cubano Sandwich with sweet potato fries was awesome, the tomato soup was refreshing and the Tostones appetizer was a definately good enough to order 2 more servings, haha.

All in all if you are looking for a nice hang out with good food Bar + Bistro is the way to go!
By far, this was the best meal during our recent stay in Vegas.

The feel of Bar + Bistro is very industrial. The tables are steel and the napkin holders are sawed off pieces of a railing. Our waitress, Shani, was amazing!

We had already picked out a number of items that looked interesting, but she took us through an entire tour of the menu pointing out some highlights. She was incredibly well-versed in what went well together and how everything was prepared. More than I have seen at the snootiest of restaurants and yet we felt perfectly at home with her.

We enjoyed the 5 Cheese Mac, Spanish Alcachofa Dip (artichoke dip with plantain chips), Wild Hongos (mushrooms sautéed in sherry), and we each had one of their original slider combinations. Each item was perfect on its own and all went together spectacularly. 

For dessert, we tried the ricotta cheesecake and a coconut/pineapple cake. Again, some of the most amazing items. The hubby had been leaning towards a different dish, but Shani suggested the cheesecake. He wasn't sure about how ricotta would work in that dish, but in the interest of exploration he tried it. He would have it again any time he could.

The restrooms are outside the Bar + Bistro and down the hall of The Arts Factory, giving you a chance to see various pieces artists had created. 

Overall, a fantastic out of the way hidden gem! An absolute highlight.
I went to Bar+Bistro for a later dinner, around 8pm with a couple of friends. As we drove up, there was a Retro Motorcycle event going on which they hold once a month. It was neat to see all of the different motorcycles and people that were just hanging out on the outside patio. There was even a couple of body artists painting topless women (already covered in body paint on their boobs, so no real nudity) showing off their skills so needless to say it was pretty busy. The bar was packed with no room to sit for three to drink and eat so we opted for the quieter, restaurant side which has two separate areas. The decor was nice with local artists paintings for sale on the wall (it is in a gallery) and their tables were neat looking, although not so easy to fit your legs and chair under.

We decided to try a variety of their small plates menu which is similar to the price and style of Firefly. We had their 5 cheese mac, the tempura alcachofa, the grilled fish tacos, a chicken curry dish (can't remember what it was called), a salmon slider, and the carnitas tacos. Ya, we were pretty hungry and everything sounded good. They also surprised us by bringing out a complimentary chef's special of bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese and chorizo (which, according to the waitress, they will always give you if you go in after 5). I didn't try the pork carnitas but everything else was pretty good. The 5 cheese mac is pretty amazing (we ordered three orders) and tried to get another round of dates but only order per table for those (they were free). The salmon slider I could've skipped, especially at $5 PER slider. The alcachofa was surprisingly delicious with the aioli.  

Our drinks consisted of a pomegranate sangria and a watermelon sangria. The watermelon was a good balance of fruit but the pomegranate was a little difficult to drink for my friend. Not only did it have a huge cinnamon stick in the drink but way too many pomegranates, seeds and all, that it made it difficult to drink through a straw.

Overall, our bill was around $85 + tip. I recommend bringing friends so that you can try many little plates, but they have big plates too. I want to go back to try their big plate meals as well and their vegan menu sounded pretty good.
My husband and I decided to stop by Bar + Bistro to grab a bite to eat before heading to a 51's game. We decided to try a few small plates, since I wasn't super hungry. They were having a biker rally and were pretty busy, but we were immediately seated at a cute table that was shaped like an artist's palette. It was really cool, but a bit unstable and pretty thick for a table. We were greeted by our waiter and put our order in.

We started with a bacon wrapped date that was stuffed with cheese compliments of the chef. It was quite a delicious bite of food. Then we moved on to the carnitas tacos. It was an adorable little plate of food that we had to assemble ourselves. It came with 3 tortillas, carnitas, jicama slaw, mango salsa, and tomatillo sauce. The tacos were good, but nothing special. Then we were served the B + B slider. This may sound weird, but it tasted like meat. There wasn't much flavor other than meat, which isn't a bad thing per se, but I was hoping to be wowed, especially at $5 a pop. The mac and cheese hit the table next and I was quite excited to give it a try. It was smaller than I thought it was going to be, but it was creamy and delicious. The peppers and tomatoes gave it great color, but they added no flavor to the dish. We decided to try one additional dish, since we were still a little hungry so we ordered up the Mofongo with shrimp. On the menu it is described as a plantain garlic mash with meat. In reality it is little plantain cakes with a very vinegary sauce that is unlike anything I have ever tasted. I wouldn't say it was bad, I am just not used to those bold flavors and I don't think I would order it again.

Overall, the service was standard, but my water glass was never less than half full, which I appreciated. The food was good, but not mind blowing. I felt that the portions were a bit small for the price, but these were some of the better tapas I have experienced.
First of all, the downtown Vegas area rocks because of cool places like this.  This is probably the coolest spot in Vegas for locals.  The food is amazing and the staff is always friendly.  The bar next door is a fun spot and the outside seating area is the best in town.  The place has a very "Austin, TX" feel to it.

I highly recomend their vegan stuffed peppers and the steak salad.  However, everything is great here.
[This review is for the Bar+Bistro bar]:  Irish whiskys, and scotches, and bourbons . . . Oh My!

Bar+Bistro is a great little tapas restaurant downtown with an excellent atmosphere.  In my previous review, I detailed the deliciousness of the tapas menu -- I'd rank it as my top tapas restaurant in Vegas.    

But the bar is a gem on its own.  Great atmosphere (lounge-like with artsy murals on the walls and televisions playing random kitschy videos), intimate lighting, great customer service, and the whiskey collection is simply awesome (tear falls from my eye just thinking about it).  There's plenty of small batch bourbons and off-the-beaten path whiskeys for you to sample.  I tasted 5 new whiskeys I haven't found in another bar.  It's a great spot to take folks for sipping a variety of whiskeys.

If you get hungry, the tapas menu has plenty of delicious, though slightly overpriced options.  Word of advice--stick to the bar where there's a larger alcohol selection and the same tapas menu.  The restaurant has consistent customer service issues (see every other Yelp review).  But the bar is great. 

5 stars for the bar, its great whiskey selection, and the delicious tapas menu.  (minus 1 star for the restaurant's customer service and overpriced food--discussed in prior review).
I've been to the Arts Factory before for a Yelp even but, never at the Bar + Bistro.
In fact, I never knew they had such thing. 

A friend of mines had a GC here and took lucky little me =)

We had the sangria, calamari, seafood paella, plantains + dip, and mac and cheese.

The sangrai was meh. Nothing special. 
Calamari was tempura style. I'm not a fan of calamari, anyways, so it was whatevers to me.
I was really excited about the plantains because I had been craving them since my Costa Rican trip last year. Loved that it, especially because it was the chip to our dip =) Crunchy and sweet!
Mac and cheese had shrimp in it, if I recall. And was very flavorful because of this.

Had been reading on Yelp that the service here bad. Hmmm, we were practically the only ones in the restaurant so our server was pretty attentive.

All in all, I'd like to come back for more plantains and with more people so I can try more things. Nothing memorable but, I'm sure theres potential in the food that I haven't tried yet.
As a Seattle transplant, the chain restaurants and strip malls of Vegas are KILLING ME. I was cautiously optimistic when a friend told me about Bar + Bistro and I was not disappointed when we checked it out!

We went on a Thursday night and got there in time to take advantage of happy hour in the bar, which went until 7pm. $3 drinks? Yes, please! The atmosphere was cool, but relaxed with minimal attitude. Nice funky/eclectic decor with little seating clusters for conversation. So Seattle!

Some friends joined us after a while and we sat outside for dinner because it was a lovely, not too hot evening. The server was so helpful and cheery, but not in an annoying way. At our table we had the mac n cheese, crab cakes (they call them something else), chicken nuggets (also with a fancy name), a stuffed pork thing with AWESOME mashed potatoes, and a sandwich that I'm forgetting. All were excellent! The portions seemed a bit small for the price, but not going to Applebee's is freakin' priceless in my book!

I can't wait to go here again. And anytime out of town friends come, this will be where I take them. Love it!
The employees went completely above and beyond to make our experience. A great one. I gave 2 stars because we ordered 6 items and only  1 of them were in need of talking about. The tomato soup. Sounds silly, but it was well worth trying it.
We went here last week for the first time with another couple for Restaurant Week.  Despite the fact that we were never even offered the Restaurant Week menu, the food we did receive was pretty good.  However, as I was told by another friend who went there before us, the place has "great good, horrible service" - and I have to agree.  

I thought their instance was just a fluke - but we had a waitress who was not very friendly, got our order wrong (she thought my husband ordered a salad for his appetizer and then another salad (tuna) for his entree- when he ordered the tuna entree. I mean who wants two salads for their meal?).  And then when he explained it to her, she didn't apologize, said the kitchen was backed up and it would take too long to make the entree.  But after we finished our meal, she did bring out a side of mashed potatoes (that was supposed to come with his original meal) and was nice of enough to charge us for that.  Very bizarre.  It was just awkward and uncomfortable for that point over -she clearly avoided our table, and failed to refill our drinks and didn't even ask us if we wanted dessert or coffee before presumptously brining our bill (we did want dessert so she had to take back the bill anyway).  All in all the food was good, but the service was just awful and makes us never want to go there again.  Sad, was a cool spot.
Went here with some friends for First Friday.  The food was great.  They had fire throwers.  Pretty cool place.
I went here before a show at the Smith Center.  The service was awesome.  The staff was very friendly and helpful and are truly a rare find here in Vegas.  Unfortunately, the food does not compliment the service.  We ordered some tapas.  Garlic Shrimp, BBQ Ribs, Calamari and some other unmemorable dishes.  All of them lacked flavor.  Everything just tasted like it was cooked from the frozen section at Von's.  I'm not sure why, but nothing stood out. It was all just sort of bland and mediocre.  I'm not sure if the problem is the chef, or the ingredients management orders for him to work with.  Either way, I think something needs to change to get this food on track.  Not to mention, the prices were very high for the quality of food offered.  I won't be back.
Reflective of visit May 2012.

Do not go, do not go, do not go, do not go. I can't say that enough. If I could give a negative rating I would.

Decor: I've got too much to talk about to waste characters here.  But to note:  I am handicapped, and there is no elevator. I understand it is an old building, so actually not their fault, but it was the first omen of a bad night and should be noted for any handicapped patrons who may be reading this review. Even to get to the inside dining room, there is no ramp, only stairs, albeit 2 steps, but still.

Service: Ha! Negative 5 stars. We were there as guests of a sizable private party, and seated outside and served buffet style. Many of us, including my husband, approached the outdoor bar instead of going back inside to the main. There were two bartenders, a female and male. He tried to order from the male. "Do you have Malibu rum?" Reply: "No." "Okay, what about a 7&7?" Reply: "Nope." "Fine then, just a plain Coke." Reply: "We don't have Coke." "Okay... what do you have?" The bartender starts to lift up bottles to show my husband. One of which is rum, not Malibu, fine, but then the correct response at the beginning should have been, "Sorry sir, I don't have Malibu, but I do have 'insert brand here.' Would you like that?" Anyway, as he sees the bottle of rum in front of his eyes, he also sees a cocktail waitress next to him ordering from the female bartender-- 2 rum and cokes, so my husband asks for that, as he sees her pouring said rum and popping open cans of coke for the waitress' drinks. He tells male bartender "I'll take one of those--a rum and coke." Reply is an exacerbated "We don't have Coke!" My husband is in disbelief. Finally the female says, "Yes, we do," and hands the man a can. The male says to my husband, "Oh, I guess we do," mixes the cocktail, and there is no apology or even sheepish or embarrassed expression.

Next, the buffet line of tapas chosen by the host: at sundown on the patio with little light (as well as the fact most items were fried past recognition) many of us couldn't see or figure out what was being served. My husband, ever the optimist, even after his bar escapade, asked the staff member working the buffet line if he could tell us (aka me, him, and his elderly uncle) what that the items were. Staff member's response: He scoffed, and said "EVERYTHING?!?!?!" (Oh, I'm sorry for putting you out by asking you to assist me, which is your job!) My husband quietly, being made to feel like the rude one in the situation, if not an idiot, both of which were untrue and uncalled for, said, "Well, yes." So the horrendously rude server quickly pointed and offered no explanation other than, "Pork sandwiches, lamb, chicken, and all the same repeated at the other end." First of all, even I could tell via sight that every serving tray held something different, there was no "repeating at the other end," but whatever...Anyway, based on that amazingly helpful [please read sarcasm] explanation, we chose a few items and went to our seats. Mr. Helpful server wasn't even right. His closest "guess" was the "pork sandwiches which turned out to be mini Cubans. Other than that there were fried artichokes and calamari. (Glad I guessed that from its look on the serving table myself, as I hate the stuff and would have "urped" if I mistakenly took a bite.)

Lastly on the service end, I asked a passing waiter if there was a manager I could speak with in order to report the previous server's disrespectful attitude. This waiter refused to get a manager, saying, "Whatever it is, I can help." Fine, I was in no mood to argue. But when I told him, he simply laughed and said, "I'll get you a menu." I was taken aback and replied, "I don't need a menu, it's done. It's just his attitude I have a problem with." He laughed again and offered to bring a menu.  When I insisted again that a menu had nothing to do with it, he laughed more and walked away.  I would bet the bank these employees have either been trained to not get a manager because the manager doesn't want to hear about it, or that they don't want to get a manager because they don't want to show any sign to their superiors that there is, yet another, complaint.

Food: Zero stars.  Most tasteless beyond fried grease, the rest bland.

Trust the undercover Food Network specials--this place is deplorable. I can't believe in an economy where establishments are boarded up daily it seems, that this one has enough customers to stay open, and that it doesn't seem to care if or how it will retain them.
I went to this place and they told us that the kitchen was backed up and I couldn't place my order for at least 30 min! Terrible experience
We had reservations for dinner prior to attended a performance at the Smith Center. It was Sunday and there were performances in 2 theaters. We arrived 15 minutes early and the restaurant was packed. Our hostess was telling walk-ins that they were filled up and the only seating available was on the patio. Our hostess took us to a small table with no lighting and we felt that it would not be possible to read the menu. We asked for another table and one that I pointed out was not available since the table was broken, (Lost Revenue!!). We were offered another table that seated 4 people which was difficult getting into but satisfactory. The décor is artsy, nice tables like artist palettes and fits in with the neighborhood. 

Service
Our waitress asked if we were going to the Smith Center and since we were she would get us out quickly. It appeared from the customer's attire everyone was going to the Smith Center. We ordered 2 glasses of wine and dinner at the same time. It seemed like a long wait for the wine about 10 minutes. After a while I asked the waitress about our wine and she said there was only 1 bartender and things were backed up. My wife ordered the French Onion Soup as an entrée and I ordered the Barramundi Sea Bass. The French Onion Soup came out separate from the Sea Bass. I waited 10 minutes before asking a passing waiter to check on my entrée. He immediately bought it to the table. I wonder if it was sitting in the kitchen waiting to be picked up. Upon arrival I asked why both dinners were not brought out together and the response was the fish takes longer than the soup. I repeated the question and the waiter agreed that they should have been brought together. It appears the restaurant is overwhelmed by the amount of business from the Smith Center.

Food
The soup was warm not hot and since it arrived early my wife ate it since it would have been cold if she waited for my dinner. The soup was tasty with a good sweetness to the onions. My entrée was very good. The fish was cooked perfectly and had a tasty sauce.

If not for the service issues, I would award Bar + Bistro 4 stars. It might be interesting to go there on a non theater night. Bar + Bistro is a nice addition to the Las Vegas Arts District. 
One final comment our waitress did not ask if we would like dessert.
I very rarely find myself downtown but I was seeing a matinee at the Smith's Center, and me and my people needed to eat so Bar + Bistro was what we chose. There were 3 ways to walk into the restaurant, there were no obvious signs to entrance and I picked all the wrong doors. Finally we found our way to the host desk and he sat us at our table ... with no menus. I've never been to a restaurant where I had to ask for a menu. He said that they didn't have enough to go around, so he grabbed us small paper to-go menus. Good enough, I suppose. Our server greeted us, she was friendly and attentive, and helped me make my decision. My eyes are perpetually larger than my stomach so I usually need some assistance. The food took forever, but was delicious when it finally arrived. I had the Cangrejo Benedict Mofongo - tasty, my mom had the Paella Mixto Crepe - delicious, and the highlight - my G-ma's flan french toast. 

It was an okay visit, so ... why the two stars? 

After the show I returned with a friend for a glass of wine and maybe tapas. We sat at the bar ... the bartender that was there when we arrived was an asshole with no concept of good customer service, and was joined shortly after we sat down by a pompous asshole who also had no concept of good customer service. 

We sat down in a mostly empty place, again I had to ask for a menu, again they were out. The conversation I had with the dude went something like this ... "May I have a menu?" "Uh ... we're out, let me see what I can find" several moments later he returns with a food/wine menu and i ask "do you have a cocktail menu?" "no" "are there any specialty cocktails?" "no ... we just took pictures last week" "oh, are you redoing it?" "no" "how long have you been open?" "about a year, we took pictures last week" "are there any cocktails that you personally can make?" "no ... maybe in a couple weeks" . My bad for assuming that there should be a cocktail menu, but the hundreds of specialty liquor and liqueur bottles, fresh herbs in the well, and all the jiggers, muddlers and other such accoutrements that all mixologists carry around would lead me to believe that they had a specialty cocktail menu. Apparently not, they just took pictures last week. Full disclosure ... I got a little snappy with the guy, because he was the opposite of helpful. Enter the next bartender ... no hello, no eye contact just a louder than a whisper conversation with the other bartender about if the people at the bar are cool.  I have high expectations for the level of service in Vegas. Any dickhead can put on a smedium sized vest and bow tie and make a cocktail. A++ customer service is a skill and these dudes these ... definitely not up to par.

A couple ladies sit down next to us, they ask for menus, ask the same cocktail related questions. Same responses. They asked to place a food order and were then informed that there was a 20 minute hold on ordering any food. So the food would be 20 minutes + the amount of time it actually took to prepare the food after it was ordered. Not okay, and not okay with them, so they left. 

Anytime I'm downtown, I get excited about it's future. The Smith Center, all the cleanup, locally owned restaurants popping up everywhere, cool bars, culture! How would this place handle an actual crowd? On both occasions the restaurant/bar was only 25% full. Why aren't there enough menus? Why the belated specialty cocktail menu? Why the egotistical bartenders? I don't see this place going the distance unless some serious kinks are worked out and I hope that they do because that flan french toast was something else.
The two stars are for the sweet potato fries, which are delicious.

Everything else is horrendous here. The food isn't bad, per se, but it is nothing special and is ridiculously overpriced. 

The service...WOW. This place may have the worst customer service I have ever seen. The waiters are slow and don't check up on you. When they do check up on you, beware! I had a waiter take my plate (with half my food still on it!) while I had turned to talk to my friend. I turned back to an empty table and a still-empty stomach because quite literally half of my sandwich was taken away without anyone asking me if I was done. This would be bad enough on its own, but I've had several friends tell me they have had the same exact thing happen to them here!

Add to that their complete lack of willingness to work with you or make you happy. The pastrami here is traditionally served on rye bread. I dislike rye bread, so I asked my server if I could get it on white bread. The answer? "No, it comes on rye." 

WHAT??? The kitchen is incapable of slapping pastrami and mustard on a different kind of bread? I ended up ordering the club sandwich, which came on white bread.

Save yourself the time and money and go somewhere else. It will probably be cheaper and have better customer service.
Location: Pretty cool, somewhat small, but still kinda cool..

Service: TERRIBLE. Half of our party got their food before the rest of us (and we ordered salads), when we finally did get our salads (an hour later) the rest of our party was done eating and wanted desert. We were informed the oven was broken (HUH?! Why are you still open??), and that the only desert available was a vegan desert. When our check finally came, I was ready to pay and gtfo, but one of the people in our party asked for a separate check since she was paying with a card. Now I understand asking for this AFTER the bill has come can be extremely annoying to servers, but its called customer service for a reason, just smile and nod and walk away with a nice tip right? NO, our waitress actually decided to give the girl attitude, and rudely inform her that "Uhhm ya, that would have been nice to know BEFORE"... awkward. 

Food: Meh. The bacon wrapped dates were just ok, I've definitely had better at other tapas places. Chimichurri steak salad was above average but not life changing or anything. The presentation is WEIRD though. Basically you get two plates, one with greens, one long plate with various toppings. Cute idea but basically just a mess, I ended up picking up seeds and other toppings off my plate with my hands because scooping up pumpkin seeds with a fork AINT HAPPENIN. The wedge cobb salad looked pretty lame, the chicken looked very pre-made and store bought, as far as taste I cant say, it wasnt my salad. I also got some sort of deep fried artichoke hearts, which were flat out gross. The artichokes hearts tasted canned and slimy, the breading was kind of like the outside of corn dog... all kinds of weird. 

Considering there's loads of better options in the Las Vegas downtown area I really don't think Ill ever return to this restaurant.
Second time in a row we were seated and told the kitchen was backed up and they couldn't take orders for 20 mins. Don't know why this happens here and not at other restaurants we go to but whatever, we were going to have wine for a bit so it didn't matter. Took over 10 minutes to get our wine which was annoying but I could overlook it if the food was better.

I don't know what happened to their food but the quality has gone down...a lot. Everything was lacking basic seasoning. Fried plantain chips had no salt. Mushroom dish only tasted like sour sherry. Artichoke dip tasted like it came out of a supermarket freezer. Spanish tapas are supposed to be flavorful and delicious and sadly nothing we had here was either.
I want to love this place and have spent plenty of money here (go once or twice a week). But every time I go, it becomes more and more absurd.  We are hungry for good, non-chain places - and places with outdoor dining - but I don't think I can stomach this place anymore. They need a new manager to get things straight.  Until they do, no more.
Went in for brunch at 11am on Sunday. No hostess had to hunt someone down to help us.  Then we get seated and presented with a brunch menu.  After ordering the waitress explained that they had only a few items available.  Apparently no one did an inventory which amazes me considering they open at 11am.  No eggs left? . for brunch!! Very poorly run and disorganized place.
So im fairly new to the Las Vegas area and being from Portland I asked some friends where I might find a bar with some culture since I was feeling a bit home sick and you can only take so many nights on the strip with over priced drinks. Everybody I talked to recommended Bar & Bistro in the Arts Factory. So this last Saturday myself and a couple of friends decided to go check them out. We walked through the patio, which I must say is one of the cooler patios I've seen in vegas, and made our way into the bar. The first thing we noticed was the cabinets with what seemed like well over 100+ whiskeys. I immediately knew that I was going to like this place! Me and my friends found three open seats at the bar and moved right in. Behind the bar was Joey and Scott. Scott immediately introduced himself and Joey and welcomed us to the bar. I asked Scott about the whiskey cabinet and if we were allowed to purchase any of the whiskeys behind the glass. Scott told me of course and was very informative about the whiskeys and helped us in choosing several to try. About a half hour into our night we asked if we could see the menu. The menu was at first a bit overwhelming, so we asked Joey what his favorite things were. It was at that time that a server from another part of the restaurant walked into the bar and told them that the "kitchen was closed". I've dined in allot of bars and I have NEVER heard of a kitchen having to shut down during dinner service before so I asked Scott about it. He was extremely apologetic about the situation and seemed almost embarrassed by it. He explained to us that on the weekends the restaurant occasionally gets rushed by people and it becomes too much for the kitchen to handle but that we would be able to order in a couple minutes. Sure enough about 15 minutes later the same waitress came in and announced that the kitchen was back open. We took Joeys recommendation and tried the little pollo, mac and cheese and margarita pizza. It took awhile for the food to come to the bar but all three dishes were exceptionally good. For dessert I decide to try the cocktail of the week which was named the Blue Diamond Phillips! The drink was outstanding! I don't know about the other reviews complaining about bad service but we had an amazing time with Scott and Joey! 4 stars instead of 5 because of the kitchen mishap but we will definitely be back!
I went here before watching "Wicked" at the Smith Center on First Friday.  It was crazy-busy but I expected it so, it was a good thing we made a reservation.  Chef Beni Velazquez was there to check on the front of the house and the kitchen.  I liked the ambience and the location of the restaurant (connected to an art gallery).

I enjoyed everything we ordered: cubano, plantains with artichoke dip, pollo al ajillo, paella, calamari al ajillo and sliders.  For dessert, we had chocolate cake with fig ice cream and donut churros.   I like doughnuts and I like churros (Spanish or Mexican) but I wasn't very fond of the donut churros.  It seemed undercooked, doughy and dense which are not qualities of a doughnut or a churro.  That was the only flaw I found.  The tapas were good, service was good so yes, I'll come back!
The service is wonderful, but the food is always just meh. I've only been for dinner and I havent' seen any of the events they host on the patio, so I can really only rate based on dining experience. It seems like we always end up here as a last resort because it's downtown and that's where we'll be spending our time. Yay for location and service. Nay for the food. Bums.
My friend and I went on a Friday, around 5:30pm, for dinner & drinks before a show at The Smith Center. It wasn't particularly crowed yet and we were seated inside where another group was also enjoying dinner. The hostess (a younger woman) seated us and after about 10 minutes were only greated with glasses of water from a bus boy, no server....nothing. Food was brought to the other patrons (couple different servers) but they were "in and out" so fast neither of us could get their attention.

So finally after another10-15 minutes, at about 15 minutes with no service at all we went and got our own drinks from the bar outside...I decide to go back to the host/hostess station and ask when our server is going to come and take our order. A young guy with an accent looks genuinely perplexed and walks with me to where we were seated. He had NO idea we'd been put there, the hostess said not a peep to anybody to help us. He seemed truly embarrassed and apologetic and had a female server come to our table immediately. She took our order (we went for the tapas, not bad) and then the male host came back and again apologized, saying that a miscommunication had occurred and the next round of drinks were on the house. He also brought out an appetizer on the house as well. Definitely appreciated the gesture and he promised to put in our food orders ahead of everybody else's as we had a show at 7:00pm. Food came out very quickly, as did the second round of beers. The shift manager, older lady, came over and she also apologized for the mix up and told us that she'd take a further percentage off our final bill. Again, we appreciated that...the attention we received helped to make up for the earlier blunder. I'd read that the service here in earlier posts was very poor but it looks like they make the effort and go the extra mile when mistakes happen...and mistakes are bound to happen!!!

I had the roasted tomato soup (which was especially yummy) mac & cheese, ribs and a pollo something or other. I wasn't terribly "blown" away by the tapas as I've had better in town but would give the entrees a shot next time I'm in the area and want to stop in for a bite. Prices are higher that I felt was appropriate but I guess when you want to eat in the "Art District" that's what you'd expect? If I could give a 2 1/2 star rating that would be more fair but even with the earlier service FAIL and recovery the food wasn't stellar so 2 stars it is.
I'm lucky I don't live closer to this place, because I'd be several pounds heavier and many times poorer. Everything I've had here has been delicious. The portions are just right for either sharing (depending on what else you've ordered) or keeping to yourself, the drink selection is good, and the atmosphere is quirky and artsy without being the least bit snobby or hipster. The service, while sometimes on the slow side (I'd like to think it's just the chefs taking more time to carefully prepare our food), has always been solid. If you eat meat, and you love mac & cheese, ask to add chorizo to theirs when you order it. Other food highlights for me have been the tomato soup, the french onion soup, the grilled cheese, the caprese sliders, the crabmeat benedict from the brunch menu, the house fries, and pretty much anything else you can order. If you like wine, and specifically pinot noir, try their Chilean one, from the Apaltagua winery -- cheaper than most pinots and totally delicious!
I stopped by Bar + Bistro for the tea fest lunch and it was eh...Maybe I had high hopes, despite the reviews I have read??  Here it goes:

I got the three course Lunch for $19
First Course: Four Season Roasted Tomato Soup-the tea was overpowering and bitter.  It was served with a slice of baguette with melted cheese, which was very yummy.

Second Course: Loch Duart Scottish Smoked Salmon Salad-It includes the baby watercress, spiced pecans, a small wedge of grilled pear, and the smoked salmon was lapsang souchong tea infused.  This was very delicious, I just wish that there was more than the one piece of small salmon that was on top of the salad.

Third Course: Masala Chai Tea Flan-While the soup had too much of the tea taste, this has too little.  Nothing was special about this flan.

The courses was served with a libation called the Dutch Tea Party Brunch Punch.  It was a tea infused genever, with pomegranate, molasses, and lemon juice.  This was a nice surprise.

The decor is very cool and artsy.  The service was awesome.  This is more like a 3.5 star review.  I will come back to try other items on the menu and update my review.
Chef Beni Velázquez, co-owner and chef, has created a memorable dining experience in Las Vegas. Located just off The Las Vegas Strip in the Arts District downtown, Bar + Bistro genuinely deserves your attention whether you are a local or just a visitor to our area.

I had a delicious steak with mashed potatoes and broccoli, but in truth, the diverse choice of items on the menu differentiates Bar + Bistro from the very many meat and potatoes establishments throughout the Las Vegas Valley. The staff is friendly and attentive and provides excellent service and conversation. 

It was a real pleasure to talk with Chef Beni Velázquez when he came to our table. He is a talented and energetic individual whose intense wisdom and passion about food is what I think defines the dining experience at Bar + Bistro. 

Overall, I found the inviting, casual atmosphere with bright colors and eclectic art direction to be a very positive experience that I definitely want to repeat. The large outdoor patio with a wood-burning fire, live music, and poetry reading on a Saturday night was especially inviting and soothing compared to the visual and  aural overstimulation that is so characteristic of most Las Vegas venues.     

For me, the only thing negative aspect about Bar + Bistro is that I found the noise level to be high.
Being a Food Network nut, I tend to gravitate toward restaurants and cooks/chefs who appear on one or more of the many shows.  From the first time I saw Bar + Bistro, I couldn't believe it was THAT place I had seen on RESTAURANT STAKEOUT with Willie Degel.  Chef Beni Velazquez was the standout "character" from that episode, and because it had been so long since I'd seen it, I figured it was too much to hope for that he or any of the other "key players" were still there, once I had the opportunity to check it our firsthand.

Fast-forward to about a week ago, when we made a date to meet with a friend there for dinner. Being in the Arts District, I didn't know what to expect - IF we got to meet Chef Beni, and when we first walked in to the place.

So, here's the low-down...

Whatever you may have seen on the Food Network shows - be it STAKEOUT, or his appearance on CHOPPED - don't believe the 'hype.'  He may have been 'cast' as a task-master, or worse, an ego-driven, type-A D-bag. But the truth? Chef Beni is one of the most down-to-earth guys I've ever met, and yes, even HE will admit that he has the kind of personality where he does run the show, and it's his way or the highway, but there's a damn good reason for that.  You can't suffer fools gladly when you have a lot at stake, and Chef Beni is keenly aware of two things: that food and experience are what need to be second-to-none to make a restaurant stand out from the pack, because if you can't deliver, you can't get customers. And 'celebrity' aside, he is deeply serious about making sure that Bar + Bistro delivers in all areas.

So...does it?  Bottom line: YES...and THEN some.

It has been a while since I have seen a place that can deliver the goods for jaded hipsters, bohemian art creators/enthusiasts and casual diners alike, and B+B is one of those rare locales that CAN be all things to all people. Conveniently close to ARTIFICE and ART SPACE, it has its own unique gallery of shops attached to it, with original works (most for sale) lining the walls. The decor from the bar to the restaurant is a comfy combination of 'shabby chic' and recycled/retro accoutrement, with a big-screen TV in the main bar showing "mondo-style" video clips (combining scenes and trailers of obscure B-flicks and PSA's from every era).  The huge patio area can accomodate a pretty good-sized crowd, complete with an outdoor firepit/fireplace for those nights it gets a little nippy - which it was the night we went.  It was a happening spot indeed, hosting a really good three-piece jazz-rock combo; artists doing their thing in real time, plus "open mike" for live free-form poetry readings. 

Captivating and impressive, that was our AFTER-dinner entertainment.  What counts is how DINNER actually went. And it was excellent.  Our server, Liza (pronounced LEE-zuh) was not just great, but made us feel like we'd already been regulars for a while. She was very well-versed about the menu and was able to make some stellar recommendations for us.

I went first tor the french onion soup as the opener. I think most places are mindful now that people can tell the taste of 'fresh vs. canned', and the soup can be the barometer for me, to tell if a place has really got the goods.  No problems here - their soup was freshly made and amazing, just the right ratio of carmelized onions to broth, and the right touch of sherry, plus the ooey-gooey melted provolone that dribbles down the sides and browns on top just the way I LOVE it.  I was hoping things just got better from there, and I happily not to be disappointed.

Not having ever had tapas before, I elected to try several different plates.  All were excellent, but the 'deconstructed' carnitas taco platter had me making all kinds of unconscious 'yummy' noises. Tender pork, thinly sliced and marinated jicama slaw and two outstanding salsas - tomatillo and mango - were an amazing start.

The garlic pollo - tiny medallions of grilled chicken breast served steaming hot in a sherry butter sauce as 'gravy', with a slice of toasted baguette on the side...I wanted to BATHE in it. If I had only one complaint, it's that there wasn't a couple more toasted bread slices, to sop up every bit of that savory gravy, once the last juicy bite of 'pollo' was history (I probably just should've asked, but hey - they DID  give me a spoon.)

And finally there was the sweet 'platanos', with the honey pomegranate glaze.  I wasn't really sure if they were bananas or actual plantains, but either way, they were perfectly grilled in butter and drizzled with that sweet sauce - so good that you really didn't need to order dessert.  Which I am saving for our next visit.

Oh, and did I mention the "amuse-bouche" that opened the meal, which included bacon-wrapped, cheese-stuffed dates? I really could have worked my way through an entire platter of those bad boys and called it a day.

Giving Bar + Bistro a VERY strong two thumbs WAY up!
Was very skeptical about this place, but my husband insist we try it. So we decided to have my birthday there along with my 2 brothers. I am glad that I came around to trying this place because have very very amazingly tasting food and desserts.  For having dinner Sunday night late with 9+ ppl, their service was great. Elizabeth our waiter was great she was great with last minute changes and our friends that showed up last minute. She knew when to come.  And best of all the chief actually came out and gave us birthday desserts on the house. Was nice for him to take his time just to say hi.  Bar bistro thank u for a wonderful experience!
Awesome food.
Before I get into a lengthy and overall negative review, let me say that the service here was great. However, the service does nothing to make up for completely mediocre food. They get a star for having a really good drink selection (my party took advantage, although I drank water), and my fiancé enjoyed some of the food she ordered, but my experience was not good overall.

When we first arrived the waitress came out and told us that if we wanted food, we'd have to wait a while as they were servicing a party of 100 in 2/3 of the restaurant. Okay, we'll still eat here. Let me be clear: I'm not in any way down-rating them because my food took too long. What I am down-rating them for is bad food. 

We ordered a bunch of tapas plates, a caesar salad, a side of sweet potato fries, various drinks, and two desserts. Let's start with the tapas: garlic pollo, alcachofa dip, roasted tomato soup, 5 cheese mac, torta espanola. 

The alcachofa dip came out first and was served with plantains or bananas rather than chips or bread. I think that was a mistake, as the banana flavor *really* doesn't go with the dip. It also came out cold, and the chips were room temp. If that was the intention, that's also a mistake. The dip would have been better warm, but cold it was lumpy and awkward. I used the appetizer bread with it and it was much better than the bananas, but overall the flavor of the dip, regardless of its temperature, was lacking.

The roasted tomato soup that my fiancé got was, in her words, "excellent". I have no reason to believe she is incorrect.

The 5 cheese mac was severely lacking in flavor. For having 5 cheeses, it was definitely bland and the pasta was poorly cooked. This also came out at room temperature.

The garlic pollo was BLAZING hot, which threw me off since everything else had been room temp or cooler so far. The flavor was strange to me, and I wasn't really a fan, but my lady finished it off without issue. 

Finally, the torta espanola was awful. The egg was overcooked, the potato was undercooked, the sauce was really strange and the dish just visually looked bad to boot. When it was delivered to the table we all just looked at it and nobody wanted to give it a try. I took two bites and was so unimpressed we sent it away and asked for dessert.

The two desserts we tried were both of the "these will take a significant amount of time to cook" desserts, we figured why not we've already put a ton of time in. For taking over 25 minutes each they were both a disappointment. "Eh, it was okay" is not how I want my fiancé to describe something I just waited almost half an hour for. 

The sweet potato fries, on the other hand, were absolutely fantastic! If this were all I had ordered, I'd be rating this place 5 stars and talking on and on and on about how amazing they are. Unfortunately they were the long bright spot, for me, in an otherwise inconsistent and unimpressive night. 

I will not come back here.
I was very much enjoying my experience, as I was enjoying B+B for what it is, a cool spot with a great atmosphere and a wide variety of tapas.  They do have main entrees, but the focus of the menu seems to be on tapas.  It is decent tapas, and paired with the overall vibe of the place, simple decency prevails and even excels at times.  After all some dishes are better than others depending on personal prefrence, and the food itself.

Then it happend.  I mentioned that I liked something to the server.  I even ordered another plate of it because I wanted more.  That is the point where the server interjected support for my decison, which is cool till a turn was taken in the statement.  Suddenly the servers support for the dish turned into an opportunity to compare the dish to other restaurants.  In doing so making it a point to state how much better it was than other restaurants on the strip that prepared it, and going so far as to name 3-4 places they prepared that specific dish better than.  It didn't seem off the cuff either, but instead it sounded like a well practiced statement spoken very often by the server.  One of the places named happened to be a place I eat at quite regularly.  Not only was the name grossly mispronounced, but I happen to know that they don't even serve a similar dish there because it is a dish I get nearly everywhere I go that has it.

Now the experience has changed.  Now instead of enjoying it for what it is, I began comparing everything to other restaurants.  It was a door the server opened as far as applied prespective to the situation, so I shall oblidge.

The dish in question was the Lamb Chops.  Was it decent?  Yes.  Was I enjoying it? Yes.  Were they better than any other place I had been to recently?  No.  In fact I just dined at the steakhouse in The Silverton, and their tapas chops were immensely better.  They were seasoned better, and more consistently cooked as I had multiple orders there as well.  At B+B they were served with a cole slaw that might as well be left off the plate and in KFC(almost equivalent cole slaw btw).  I happen to enjoy Lamb Chops so I had a few orders, because I enjoy Lamb Chops, not because they were the best I have ever had.

The Salt Cod in tomato sauce was probably the stand out dish of them all.  Great flavor and consistency.  Very unique and with a simple complexity that foodies look for.  I have never had a similar dish to compare it to, which is what I like in general.  Everyone enjoys unique food that is delicious.  Expand on that.

The Garlic Chicken was easily the biggest miss of them all.  In addition to the chicken being overcooked, it is served in a tomato soup like broth that is hot to make sure the chicken is definitely overcooked by the time it gets to the table and you eat it.  The existence of this dish on the menu should definitely be reevaluated, from presentation, to execution and flavor.  

We had a variety of other dishes, none majorly noteworthy as either good or bad.  Everything definitely seemed better before comparisons came into play, as that is when the room for improvement became apparent.  If your staff is going to insult multiple other places, then the food needs to step up a few notches.  Not to mention that 6-7 drink "cocktail list".  With a fancy bar, slick bartenders, and "Bar" in the name of the place it is definitely subpar as far as a cocktail list is concerned.  When I walk into a badass looking bar with badass looking bartenders, then I expect to see a badass cocktail list.  I wanted to see a badass cocktail list, I wanted a badass cocktail.  What I got was a cocktail list that looked like it came off a table of a lame chain restaurant, in appearence and content.  One might say "Well ask them to make you something special", but that is what should be on the cocktail list.  Something special, unique, well thought out and put together- Not, hey this guy wants a cocktail with such and such liqour throw a few things together.  I definitely would have had one more drink, or even stayed longer to have a few more drinks.  That wasn't the case though, because there are so many places now that do offer unique cocktails that they are no longer a secret thing.  Instead, they are the standard.

I don't know if I will be back.  If I do go back, I would like a badass cocktail and a server that isn't going to insult other places when handed a compliment.  As harsh as this review sounds, I honestly could have been much harsher based on other aspects of the experience that I left out.  I do hope this place gets better though, because it is the type of casual place I would be a regular at.
A little bit pricey. Nice ambience.  I like the assortment of people who frequent here.... art all over the building!  And the best yoga studio right next door!
Im rating this 4 and not 5 all becuase of the RUDEST (heavier set older lady) Ive ever had. Everything else...Decor Food and all the other wonderful Busboys and Servers were super awesome! The food...great. Drinks...love the vodka gummy bears. The fire dancers and Dj...off the hook! The other younger smaller chick that helps us...u are amazing...thank u for ur help! Other than this rude ass lady who told me i couldnt sit somewhere when clearly NO ONE was reserved for the table...I cant wait to come back....hopefully i dnt see u again cuz ur ruining ur own money!
i've only been for lunch but the food i was served ensures i won't be back for dinner.  i started with a bowl of french onion soup.  it was ok, but very salty and barely warm.  the cheese on top was plentiful but not melted enough.  i asked the server to add swiss to my pastrami sandwhich.  she wasn't sure they had swiss.  i reminded her that they served swiss on the cuban sandwhich.  she quickly informed me that the cubans were pre-made.  i wanted to leave immediately but stuck around for the rest of lunch.  the pastrami sandwich was a disaster.  11 dollars for a sandwhich on stale bread with barely any meat on it.  the meat that was on it was full of grissle and improperly cut (which made it very tough).  the decor is dark and dated.  the service was friendly and efficient.
Recently went to Bar + Bistro and had lunch. The lunch menu was adequate, you could choose from a variety of taco, salad, sandwiches and a burger. I had the 4 grill cheese, which was a glorified grilled cheese sandwich. It came with sweet potato fries and a small cup of tomato soup which was nice since we were next to the open door and it was a little chilly outside. My girlfriend had the Pig Pork Cow, which was a kobe wagyu burger that had spanish chorizo and pancetta on it. It was one of the best burgers that either of us have had. It was cooked to perfection (med-rare). The waiter (Alex) was very friendly and knowledgeable about all of the menu. My gf asked for a recommendation of wine and he hit it spot on. We will definitely be coming back for another burger.
Went here for lunch to try the tapas, but there are no tapas served during lunchtime! They have a separate lunch menu which consists of appetizers, salads, sandwiches, and burgers. The wagyu beef burger was awesome. Nice thick beefy patty, beef juices still locked inside the meet, just waiting to burst forth with that first hungry bite. Yum. French fries and sweet potato fries are equally as good as well. 
My friend ordered a shirley temple, and we don't know how they do it, but they make their own shirley temple cherries out of fresh bing cherries, pit removed and all. So delicious.
They have fun drinks and add ins like lavender simple syrup. The food is pretty awesome too. Try the scallops. Staff is totally friendly and blue sky yoga is in the same building. My only beef is that one time they double charged us on accident. Big hassle. But that happened once and I have been there several times.
Yum Yum Yum....Firefly isn't the only place to go and get good tapas.  Can't wait to go back and try the "hangover brunch."
Stopped in this week for the first time for lunch.. 

First ones in the door so no trouble getting a table. Manager greeted us and was very nice. A very nice but extremely soft spoken server came to our table, 
Found out they have a simplified lunch menu, but you can order anything off of their dinner menu. 

We started out with the acorn squash soup.. Yum.. Thick and savory with a cream sauce on top, The sauce had so much flavor, I wanted to ask for a bottle of it to drink. Great presentation, the soup was served inside the squash, with plenty of squash to eat. 

We also had the grilled vegetable sandwich, they were very accomodating in switching out the vegan cheese for another. Which I got to choose from about 4 different kinds. I had it with sweet potato fries, which were some of the best in town.. Loved the seasoning on them! 

We ordered the fish tacos, but instead got a pasta dish, turns out our server punched the wrong order in... no biggie..The tacos were delicious! Tender fish with a cilantro slaw to top them. 

Everything was flavorful and the service was good! 

Looking forward to returning again for lunch!
We came to Bar + Bistro as a going away lunch for a coworker. We made reservations at 11:30 am and arrived at 11:30 am. Everything started off nice until we ordered the food and then everything went downhill from there. It took almost 45 minutes to receive our food. Then when we received it they came out incorrectly and some of the food was passed out to the incorrect person. We were a party of 10 and 6 of us ordered the burger. My food in particular was a burger, medium, cut in half with house fries. I received a burger cut in half but my burger was well done. My coworker received a medium burger not cut in half with house fries and he ordered his meat well done. The fries I received on my plate were terrible. They were either soggy or stale. How a restaurant can accomplish this feat was amazing to me. My other coworker order the mahi mahi tacos and the fish that was given to him didn't even fill all 3 tacos. It was such a dissapointment. We asked for the check and when we gave the server our payment it took her 30 minutes to get it back to us. We alerted the manager who didn't seem to care except to say that the server is working on processing the cards that were given to her. We were the first table to arrive in our section of the dinning room and the last table to leave. They seem to only care for thier smaller groups and take care of them better than a big group.

I have seen this restaurant on Restaurant Stakeout, a show on Food Network last year and thought that after being on the show all of their issues would have been fixed. By coming here for lunch today they obviously do not care. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE! RUN as far away as you can from this restaurant!
Hit this place for lunch.  It was a really great spot in a revitalizing area.  We got there right at opening based on our timing for that day, and the service was just a little slow (I wouldn't judge them for that) but the staff was still exceptionally attentive and personable.  The decor is really cool, as you'd expect inside an art gallery.  There is patio seating which we will definitely try next time.  The food was really, really good.  We got the waygu burger and the steak salad.  I loved that the salad was served with the greens in one bowl and a stack of beef, marinated peppers, onions, cheese, sunflower seeds, avocado,  bacon,  tomato and dressing on another plate.  This allowed us to control the makeup of the salad.  All were quite good.  I do like my red peppers crunchier than those served, but they were marinated so that happens.  The sweet potato fries were also quite good.  

As we were leaving, they started roasting a whole pig on a BBQ spit out back.  Smelled amazing.  There is also a bar (hence the name) and it looked like a place we plan to try.
Lousy service!  We went before Natalie Merchant concert and arrived 1:45 hrs. before the concert.  We ordered only four tapas an a bottle of wine.  The first one took 30 minutes to arrive.  The next one trickled out 30 minutes after that.  We then reminded the waiter that we needed to get our last 2 soon as we would need to leave in 20 minutes.  The next one was brought out w/in 5 minutes but was cold.  Mentioned it to the waiter when he checked back 10 minutes later and he offered to take that as well as last tapa off bill.  He brought check and last "free" tapa 5 minutes later. We paid check each had quick bite and ran out the door just barely making the start of show.   It did not look that busy and 4 small plates should not be that complicated.
A small place but excellent food. Great vegan menu.  A must try is fried artichoke heart. Superb. Cocktails are creative and festive. Very hipster. I have to go here in the summer and sit outside to enjoy the area and drinks further. Can't wait to try other things on the menu. I'll be back.
Now that my office is near the downtown area I have a whole new set of restaurants at my disposal. Starting with the closest in my vicinity I first headed over to Bar + Bistro. I've had ok meals here in the past, although I've found the service iffy and prices a bit high, but when I was contacted by Chef Beni Velasquez to come try their burger I was intrigued because I hadn't yet noticed it on their menu. He promised me a great burger with three different meats, so that couldn't be bad right?

Bar+Bistro, or Bar + Bistro, or BarBistro, or Bar Bistro depending on where you look on their website, is located in the heart of the constantly developing arts district on Charleston and Main inside The Arts Factory. There is both indoor and outdoor seating, but the area outdoors has always looked a little dirty and dusty every time I've been here. Inside you will find a couple rooms; I've always sat in the first room with a few cramped tables made to look like giant painter's pallets. While the tables are a cool idea, I find the fake thumb hole to be a little awkward and always seems to collect crumbs. The menu features primarily a wide variety of tapas, but also sandwiches, pizzas, many entrees, desserts and even a vegan menu. The last time I was here we ordered a couple tapas and two drinks, and I believe our bill was around $75. Glancing at the menu's high prices you can see how your bill can easily climb unexpectedly so be careful.

The burger in question, the pig-pork-cow, is a half pound Kobe Wagyu burger, with a Brioche bun, Spanish chorizo, pancetta, Manchego and white cheddar cheeses and pickled shallots. What came out was large, colorful and definitely looked impressive. The first thing I noticed was that no two bites were the same; one had a fresh avocado slice, the next crispy and delicious pancetta, to a subtle but equally tasty chorizo. The Brioche bun was very buttery and quite good, but a tad too thick and dry for my liking. I think you would need something this hearty to handle all the items stuffed in this burger, but it missed the mark a tiny bit for me. The meat had good flavor, but it almost seemed too tinkered with or something; it was dark like it has been seasoned with a Worcestershire sauce, and maybe a bit overdone. The pancetta was crispy, smoky and delicious, the chorizo was a little less present despite its apparent abundance when it showed up, but when it managed its way into a bite it was a great change from the other meat flavors. The cheese had a pungent, fantastic flavor to it and I found myself holding back from stuffing a few fries in my mouth with some bites to savor the flavor on its own. It was not very melted and fairly cold in some spots though, so that raises the question: are there some cheeses that don't need to be melted in a burger? For me the answer is no, all cheeses should be melted and the only cold temps should stem from my veggies. As a whole there were some very complex and varied flavors that went really well together, I just wish the bun and meat were both a little less dry.

The fries had the potential to be great, but weren't quite there. They had good rosemary flavor, no bad oil taste, looked crispy but were in fact a bit too undercooked for my liking. I would be interested to try the sweet potato fries as an alternative to see what one more unique flavor in this mix would be like. Overall this meal was quite good, although not perfect due to a couple missteps. $16.22 with tax is a tiny bit high for me, but given all the meats and ingredients on this burger I'm not sure I can complain. I've felt that this restaurant is a bit overpriced based on past visits, but this meal actually felt a little more reasonable compared to the others. $15 for a burger is definitely past the reasonable price point of many of my followers, but if you're willing to fork over that much for a burger this is one of the more unique burgers I've had lately.
Our first time here for a late lunch and it was awesome!  Our server was fantastic and we ordered sandwiches and a salad to share.  I'm a little surprised to see that some reviews see this restaurant as expensive.  Our bill was $35, which is reasonable considering how yummy the food was.  The fries were really good too, not greasy and light and olive oily.  Delicious sauces and gooey cheese.  The ambiance was excellent and decor quirky and artsy.  My husband can't wait to take his work lunches here now that we know it's sooooo good.  Will be back!
Took over an hour to for our lunch to reach the table and they weren't even that busy.  The waiter said sorry and offered us free bread.  The food is ok, but I cant take the chance of going again and waiting another hour at the table for our food to show up especially in this city where theres a million other choices out there.
I have not yet eaten here. I have on several occasions gone for drinks with friends and family. I love the live performers they tend to have. Drinks taste great and its very inviting!!
If you are out with hard core meat eater friends who will just not even consider eating at a healthier place, Bar+Bistro will fill the ticket to keep everyone happy. Not the best vegetarian cuisine I have tasted, but passable. Plus, it's a cool environment and very centrally located.
Another of my jury duty visits, and yes, another 4 star review.

By the way, this was a deceivingly long walk from the courthouse, which for some reason when I yelped it I swore it said it was about .7 miles away.   It sure felt like a lot more than that, but what do I know.  This review is all worth it if some juror sees this some day and makes a decision either to go or not to go to Bar + Bistro based on that comment.

The good news?   In my opinion the food I had was worth the trek.  The waiter I had was very friendly and very accommodating to my lactose intolerance.  I ordered the Lentil soup which was denoted as Vegan and asked if there were any dairy products in the mahi mahi tacos.  He checked with the kitchen which is always appreciated by me and confirmed it did not.  Nothing makes me more angry than when a waiter will "guess" as to what the dairy contents of the items are.  Okay LOTS of things make me more angry than that, but for dramatic effect that's all I could come up with.  So now I was sitting content knowing that my food was more than likely not going to cause me to get held for contempt in court for gastrointestinal issues.  

First the soup arrived.   I thought it had a nice flavor and it was gobbled up quickly.  Next up came the mahi mahi tacos.  A bit of an interesting presentation in which you get several pieces of fish, and the slaw and tortillas on the side.   So kind of a build your own taco deal.  I thought the mahi mahi was slightly overcooked, but the flavors that I signed up for were there.  

Given that this is "@ the Arts Factory", I expected more than just a run of the mill setup that you might find at Applebees, and I was impressed.  I had one of those tables that were made to look like an artist's palette, with splatters of paint throughout.  Or maybe those paint splotches are the result of someone who had a few too many margaritas.  Either way, it worked for me.  

I did think the food was slightly overpriced as the soup, tacos, and drink came out to over $20, which is a little more than I normally would spend on lunch.  Some lunch specials would be appreciated if anyone is listening out there.   The food and the service deserve a 4 star rating from me in the end though, and of course the appeasing of a paranoid lactose intolerant.
Most of the food is pretty decent, but not worth making a special trip for. Unfortunately, the service has never been good. It takes forever and always feels like they are completely understaffed. The mac and cheese is great though, and the live music on the patio is ncie. You're better off just going here for drinks.
Heard so many great reviews of this place.  My experience was horrible. To start off they took forever to seat a party of 7. While there was numerous seats available. Once seated we had to go looking for the waiter because we never got menus they took forever to take our orders. They were out of numerous items on their menu. The waiter had a bad attitude throughout our whole dinner. Will not be going back. Food not worth horrible customer service.
This is a delightful place for dinner; it's an adorable bistro in the arts district, neither on the strip nor in a strip mall, an unusual and charming find in Vegas. The menu is fun and inventive, with quite the range of options, and the service was very friendly and attentive. I started with the lentil soup, which was a touch salty but very tasty, and then had vegan, gluten-free sliders, which I was tempted to try despite my non-vegan, pro-gluten tendencies, due to the fried plantains that were promised in place of bread. I was not disappointed. They were a tasty combination of flavors and textures; definitely a dish I would order again. Lemon ricotta cheesecake was outstanding.
New Years Eve dinner 2012: we were too early for the special meal so we had items off the regular menu.   Fairly quiet and had the whole funky place to ourselves: great art themed tables that looked like  easels and fun furniture.   We did the tapas style ordering and it was all sooooo good and original: not a single bad bite.  Highlights included the 5 CHEESE MAC
with smoked gouda, sharp cheddar, fontina, Manchego, roasted tomato, piquillo peppers, parm crisp;    BRISTOL BAY SCALLOPS with  pan seared, pancetta, white bean saffron ragu;  CHOPPED LATIN CHICKEN with cabbage, jicama, piquillo peppers, pumpkin seeds, avocado, Manchego cheese, plantain chips, chimichurri honey dressing.  Fun cocktails: the GUINNESS GONE GENIUS (Makers 46, Guinness, Kahlua, Fee's Old Fashion Bitters, Demerara Syrup, Cream Head, Crystallized Espresso, Bourbon Barrel Smoked Sugar) was like drinking a Guinness milkshake with fizz.   Perfect artisan dinner and drinks, then off to the NYE festivities!
One of the more painful restaurant experiences I've had while living in Las Vegas. A friend of mine had heard great things about this restaurant and wanted us to go there so always eager to try new restaurants we figured to give it a try.
My initial impression was positive, kind of had an artsy shabby chic vibe as I walked in, but everything went downhill from there. Hostess was nowhere to be found; turns out she was hanging out in the back. Mind you, there were only two tables occupied in the entire place. The front of the restaurant is cluttered, disorganized, and looks like a work in progress.

The decor is rather odd & the restaurant has the feel of a place that aspires to be high end but has shallow pockets...and it shows: the beat-up wooden/metal furniture; the annoyingly uncomfortable table we were seated at; the ultra-cheap, cafeteria flatware and plates.Lack of training & professionalism from the staff. I could go on...

We ordered (family style) the Baby Back Costilla, Sautéed Calamari, Carnitas Tacos to start, all disappointing. The BBQ sauce on ribs was disgusting, calamari bland; carnitas were so dry they were inedible. Might I add that we were told by our waiter that all food was "made Fresh in house?" Let me tell you it didn't taste like it. Then we ordered B + BBQ Beef Brisket (it was so dry even the mojo mayo couldn't save it.) Barramundi Spiced Sea bass- disappointing. Paella Velazquez was the low point of the night. How can this guy even call this Paella and even worse put his own name on it. Speaking of which for whatever reason the Chef came out of the kitchen to our table wearing a red chef coat with the words "foodologist" embroidered under his name. What a joke. Why is it that the least talented chefs always have the biggest egos? This Guy was really full of himself explaining that he is a self thought chef and never went to culinary school (Big Surprise). He came off real cocky & conceited. My suggestion for him is to stay in the back of the house. 

We finished the night off with what the waiter referred to as a bourbon flight consisting of Eagle Rare, Baker's & Jack Daniel's Single Barrel (a Tennessee whiskey). 
Overall the food wasn't particularly out of the world and unfortunately, the B + B Caesar may have been the highlight of the evening (face it, it's hard to screw up raw vegetables on a plate). 
Judging by the moderately expensive prices, pretentious ambiance, and so-so food, it's hard to see what this restaurant has going for it that will keep people coming.  Possibly to check it out for the first time like we did. But I will not come back.
Tostone Bites! Bananas Foster Baklava!  Going back asap.  Had a Restaurant.com offer, so it was a nice surprise when the bill came.
Glorious cocktails, wonderful food, and friendly staff.  I was stuck waiting for a bunch of friends to get off work and spent the time chatting to the bar staff and trying out their experimental concoctions. They actually know their drinks! And they pour generously.  I had the vegan paella, which was beyond flavorful.  The meat dishes looked superb as well.  Apparently they have a pig roast on Fridays? On a Thursday, it certainly wasn't too crowded, and the music was at a conversational level.  There was a quirky video curration going behind the bar that was an excellent conversation piece, and folks doing all kinds of art on the patio.  I will certainly be back on a regular basis!
Loved loved loved everything about bar and bistro (bar + bistro). The food was delicious. The service was friendly, if not prompt. The arts district location is hip. The entertainment was eclectic and engaging. The evening was perfect for patio dining. The crowd was varied. The vibe was decidedly urban.

Now the details:
 
Food. 
For the four of us, we ordered way too much and attempted to eat it all. 
Garlic chicken (chunks of chicken in a delicious sauce, served with garlic toast. It had a great flavor, but if it was my entree, I might have gotten bored of it.)
Artichoke dip (a unique take on the traditional artichoke dip - a little creamier and served with plantain chips).
Carnitas tacos (best item of the night - meat was delicious and I loved the 'deconstructed' presentation where you fix the taco yourself).
Chimichurri steak salad (great meat and again, the deconstructed presentation).
Carne pizza (great sauce and cheese on a thin crust. The carne part was not the typical pepperoni-sausage-ham and instead was bbq chicken-chorizo-salami).
Sliders (standard, really good sliders).
Fries (actually not good - just soggy and bland, served with some kind of spicy mayo).
 
Drinks.
The waitress was excellent in helping us decide on drinks and when she accidentally brought out a blue moon instead of a stella, she let us keep the extra. We sampled the Fleur 75 and the Guinness Genius. The Fleur was your standard champagne cocktail (and, by that, I mean delicious), but the Genius was totally unique. It had the taste of Guinness, but made extra strong with some other ingredients I don't remember and this delicious bourbon sugar rim. A total after-dinner drink, just as our waitress recommended. She also brought me a fruity mocktail, which was delicious, and interesting enough to be an actual cocktail!
 
Vibe.
There was a jam band playing on the patio, starting around 7, but they weren't too loud, and provided a nice backdrop for either conversation or listening to the freestyle poetry going on up front! Yes, this is the first time I've ever attended a freestyle poetry jam, and it was cool. Don't worry, though, it wasn't so cool that we felt out of place! The artsy crowd was definitely present, but some of the readers/hosts were well into their 50s. We had my parents and a toddler with us and another table had a couple of older kids. In addition, there were a handful of artists off to one side, working or displaying or selling their stuff. Great night to sit outside.

Overall. From age 1 to 54, our group all loved bar+bistro. I will definitely be returning, and even taking out of town visitors here!
Three of us shared a round of tapas and a $28 bottle of wine. Very long wait for food to come out even though we were seated immediately. Overall, the menu was a little overpriced in my opinion for the service and food provided. The server we had even admitted that they were very short staffed. Very wonderful atmosphere and great outdoor environment for lounging. Would do drinks here more than food next time.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! staff is hilarious.  the food is wonderful.  must go for brunch on the weekends
Oh my godddd. We had the worst Easter brunch here.

After standing in the cramped waiting area for a million years while half a dozen servers wandered by promising us someone would be with us shortly, we were seated on the windy, depressing patio. The dirty tables and broken-down theater seats on the patio made me feel like I was eating in a junkyard.

Our waitress, when she was around, was pleasant, but I waited like 15 minutes for a room-temperature mimosa and by the time she came to check on us after we'd gotten our food, I didn't even bother to mention that the mofongo in my mofongo benedict was ice-cold (like, nearly frozen in the middle). This dish was also *laughably* small. Is the brunch menu supposed to be tapas-style as well? Maybe, because meanwhile, my husband had an omelet which was on ok omelet but seriously: $13 for an omelet that didn't even come with potatoes, toast or (god forbid) even a fruit garnish?? Really?

This whole place has an attitude which, frankly, it cannot afford. The restaurant looks like it was furnished with old crap gathered from a yard sale and the food is inedible at worst, mediocre at best. We spent $50 and I left feeling miserable.
Fantastic ambience.  I bought a deal from travelzoo when I saw Bar Bistro had a certificate.  Having lived downtown for 4 years I had never managed to make it there but had heard good things.  
When we arrived seating outside was reserved only for reservations.  Luckily I had made a reservation because the outside has such a great vibe.  There was a woman playing beautiful music that didn't dominate the whole experience but added to it a ton.  
I ordered a mixologist type drink with egg whites and Thyme.  My finace ordered a burbon on their drinks menu list that was out of this world.  Both drinks were huge selling points.  
All the food we got was great and seasoned perfectly.  Highly recommend the sauteed calamari.  I would say they have something for every taste.  
Service was great.  Even though they were obviously busy I felt like we had a personal relationship with our server.  And the team really worked well together.  
We will definitely go back to try their famous weekend brunch.
Food is really good, tapas style, staff are nice but a little overwhelmed. I hear there is a good bluegrass band Sunday afternoons but we were too late. Will give it another try with the band .
Amazing burgers. Even more amazing cheesecake. They need to build a nap room. Lisa, our server, was great. Very friendly and attentive. Glad we found this gem.
Best description would be underwhelming.
FANTASTIC!!!
Loved this place!  Love the artwork!  Love the paint palette tables! 
The service is the first excellent thing!  The food is also fabulous!
The waitress was so nice! Great job guys!
Food came out fast!  The chef must have been in a creative mood that night!  He brought us a few extras!  Bacon wrapped morsels of goodness!
All these 1-2 star reviews make me sad. I really liked this place.

Came here for a celebratory lunch with my girls after our last day of nursing school around 1PM on a Tuesday afternoon.  The maitre d' outside pointed us in the proper direction for parking as you can park either on the street, in a parking garage, or in the open lot across the street.  He was super friendly and quite hilarious. Definitely the most informal maitre d' I've ever met, but still great.

There were a few other lunch parties but the restaurant wasn't busy.  We opted to sit outside as it was gorgeous out.  The restaurant is quaintly decorated and you definitely know you're in the Arts District.  The bathroom is shared with the Art Factory, but I don't mind since you get a glimpse of some of the artwork along the way.

I ordered the pig pork cow burger and house fries.  The burger was massive and had a kobe waygu patty, chorizo and pancetta. I was in meat heaven.  Everything on the burger was absolutely delicious and even the burger patty was perfectly seasoned.  I love that the fries come out with ketchup and mayo, so you don't even have to ask!

I also got the iced tea which is a berry blend they brew fresh everyday and serve in a huge honking cup.  Another thing I thought was cute was that the water glasses were the bottom 1/2 of wine bottles; I loved it!

Service was unremarkable but timely.  The manager checked in on us a few times to make sure we were doing okay, which was greatly appreciated.

Overall, I'll be back. Maybe next time for dinner or to try out the bar!
If you are in the real Downtown Las Vegas then this is your hidden gem. This restaurant has great lunch items and happy hour if you want to hang out where the locals are. Its so low key that even Nicolas Cage comes in from time to time just to hang out. A funny fact is that the building where the restaurant is in used to be an old crematorium but dont let that scare you from coming in!!
I want to publicly thank Bar + Bistro for saving my wedding reception!!

Backstory: We had booked another restaurant several weeks back and then out of the blue the owner notified they were closing their doors a week before our wedding in Vegas. Oh crap, what do we do now!!

I got in touch with Anna (event planner) after discovering them here on Yelp. We wanted Tapas for our dinner so Bar + Bistro fit the bill exactly. After a little coordinating Anne got us booked and keeping within our budget. She is such a life saver! Keep in mind all of this was completed over the telephone and through email!!

All of our guests loved the atmosphere of the Bistro and it was a special treat to get to meet Chef Beni Velasquez -- of Chopped and Restaurant Stakeout fame. All of the food tasted amazing and the wait staff were so friendly and fun.

Thank you guys so much. You really made the completion of our day all that more special!! ;)
So we stopped in for lunch and apparently they painted the floors in front of the bathrooms. It was a little awkward for a few seconds but i got to use the facilities finally. I Had the fish tacos. The fish was a little dry but the presentation was nice. The sweet potato fries were great! They just need to get rid of the mayo they served with it. Not a good combo unless you love mayonnaise. The drinks and the atmosphere really make this place shine though. I'll definitely give this place another try
We came to Bar + Bistro to celebrate the departure of a coworker.  It was a nice bright Saturday afternoon and we wanted to check this place out!

Here's what I like:  The outside space is pretty cool!  Lots of standing room and ample tables for food.  The parking lot is actually bigger than I thought.  

Here's what I didn't really like:  I wanted to eat food, however, heard that his place got shut down a number of times for health regulations.  I did try some french fries from a friend, however it was really soggy.  Also, the bartender was a bit slow.  I ended up getting two mimosas at once so that I didn't have to wait again for a second round.  Not really a fan of that as my second mimosa got warm by the time I was ready for it.  

If you know me, you know that I'm a huge fan of Downtown/Arts District businesses.  I'm not hating on this place.  In fact, I wouldn't mind going back for the outside space.  Well, maybe not in the summer, but I appreciate the concept!  I think with the previous food reputation, it may take some time for this place to boom, however, I will definitely give this another try for an update!
worst service ever, had to wait 2 hours for our food when we where the only ones there. Dirty, staff is unprofessional. They also didn't have half of the menu instock.
I had seen this place on a reality TV show where they go undercover several months back. Figured since the show stated it made improvements I'd check it out. The stars aligned as a friend was across the street for a show. 
This place is in the heart of the Art Factory. It has a nice outside patio, but on this Saturday night, there was a guy outside preaching about the lord. When we walked in the host where we wanted to sit. I requested the inside if he could close the door so we could avoid hearing the preaching. He replied he would close the door. He never did. We waited about 5 minutes until our waitress greeted us. Prior to that I watched a food runner chat w/ the host. He twirled his ponytail a few times during that conversation, then went into the kitchen only to return w/ plates in his hand to drop off at tables. Can't say he did or didn't wash his hands before doing so, but my guess he didn't as it was a quick in & out. 
We ordered 2 entrees, I ordered the Cuban Panini. One entrée came out before the other which I thought was odd, but they said due to their small window, food goes out as soon as it's ready. My friend who ate there earlier in the night said the same thing happened at her meal. Not used to it, but to each their own, I'm not a fan of it.
The patio is about the same size as the inside. If you sit in the room next to the patio on a Saturday night you'll hear the bass from the music coming from the Art Factory. The food was good, service was ok, atmosphere would've been good w/o the above mentioned. Doubtful I'd visit again
After having visited this restaurant for the 5th time, I finally had an experience worth praising B+B.  I'm giving 4 stars for this review because my previous dining experiences always had issues.  

My very first time here, the service was extremely slow.  My group of 4 took almost almost 90 minutes to order and eat.  We didn't sit and chatter after meal, it just took that long from ordering to paying.  While the service was slow the food was extremely delicious.  This was prior to the appearance on Food Network

I came again in March of 2013 with 2 other friends.  We each received our dishes 10 min apart.  I was finished with my food by the time the last person received his dish.  Kelly, the owner, was onsite and was very apologetic even comping part of our bill.  

My last visit was by far the best.  The food was prompt and as always hot and delicious.  Lindsay was, by far, the best server I've had in my dining experiences at B+B.  

Aside from the hit or miss service, the food is always good.  I'm waiting for the day to give 5 stars to B+B.
I only came for the dessert i heard so much about. Long story short...

-Served me melted Sorbet, no exaggeration necessary it was pooling over.
-Very slow and Inattentive service. 
-I held the door open for the female server with the shaved sides and dark ponytail. She breezed by me no thank you or smile. 
-The decor is nice, but the staff  makes it easy for me to not suggest this place nor return.
love it!!!!  the waiter was so awesome I love him!!  Suggested I had my salad deconstructed and it was SUPERB...even gave me a kickin recommendation of what to drink.  Will always come back.
Came one Sunday for Bluegrass Brunch, and ended up coming here almost weekly since. I'm not a huge downtown LV lover like everyone else, but I'm slowly coming around. This place has me changing my mind a bit. First, I loved the patio. It's eclectic. A previous reviewer had called it a junkyard, but I would hardly go that far. They have a large outdoor patio area, and it's covered AND it has a misting system, so you may be able to sit out there into mid June without dying. They have a large vegan/veggie menu, I enjoyed what I have tried. What keeps me coming back is the drinks. I like their sangria, they make it with cinnamon sticks. It's very different and refreshing. They have a ton of different alcohol, and they carry the only vodka I like, Hangar 1. Pimms, cachaca, whisky, rum, absinthe. The list goes on. One of my favorite specialty cocktails is the Thyme & Pepper. Try it. Staff has always been friendly as well.
The staff was fantastic with great personality, attentive, and accommodating. The atmosphere was a welcome change from the glitz of the Strip. The food selection was perfect - for even the pickiest eaters. It is a definite repeat.
Man oh man this place was good! The atmosphere was perfect for date night. It would have also been great with a group of friends! Live music is always a plus!

Our server was extremely knowledgable About all of the items on the menu! And getting complimentary treats from the chef is always nice! He didn't rush us, it was perfect timing for everything!!!

Oh.... Vegans and vegetarians you are in luck there's an extensive menu, and that's truly hard to find!!!

We will be back!
Need a break from the bright lights and LV craziness? This is a great alternative.  In the emerging "arts district".  We really enjoyed a nice bottle of wine and tapas on the laid back patio.  Even easily accessible from the upgraded bus system in Las Vegas.  A great, pleasant surprise.
Just ok. Menu was too diverse and felt like I was going through a brochure. They do have opt-vegan food! I had the carne pizza (which was just ok, kinda doughy and the meat was overcooked) and a friend had some sandwhich, next time we'll try the tapas!

+1 for the art gallery I wish we gotten a chance to look around in the art gallery, will definitely visit again!
Bar + Bistro is a perfectly adequate restaurant. The food is satisfying, the setting is underwhelming, the service is decent, and that is about all. Some people really dig this joint, but I find it a little above average. I have been here three times and each experience was perfectly bland. I definitely prefer the bar area over the restaurant. It has some of the personality that the restaurant is lacking.
Really enjoyed dining here. The atmosphere is laid back and cool and all of the tapas dishes were great--especially the carnitas tacos!
Fish tacos are pretty good. Food is a little pricey, but you do get a free show of some type. The night I ate there, they  had a poem reader (not my cup of tea) but kudos to him for getting up there. There was also a young guy on a harmonica that was great. He joined in with the band and even sang a little. He was a real treat. 

We used open table to secure a patio table but when we arrived it wasn't very busy. I told the waitress we were in a hurry and at first she told me we would never have our food in time. But then she told us we could get a few things quickly, and it was lucky that we wanted those things anyway. I ordered fish tacos and my friend had a Greek salad. Both of us left happy. Next time I'd like to give myself more time to enjoy the performances.

*Update to add more food items. We went there last night to grab a bite to eat and unfortunately they lose a star. When we arrived we were told that we could sit anywhere. so we grabbed a table away from the two children running amok on the lower patio. Busser was very attentive he filled our water at least once before we even saw our server. I don't blame her as I could tell she was the only one running around dealing with big parties. But I did see at least two other servers that didn't seem to be busy... one stood about 5-10 feet away from us talking with other employees. I know she was a waitress because she waited on me last time. Maybe she was off, but honestly it looks bad. 

My friend and I ordered the Spiced Salmon Salad (very good) and the special BBQ Lamb Sliders (just ok) We weren't sure what to expect with BBQ and Lamb, but we figured we'd give it a try. It wasn't bad, but the flavors didn't seem to compliment each other. Probably wouldn't order it again. We also ordered the Peach Sangria and nether of us liked it. I still feel like this place is too expensive for what you get, especially since last night there was no performance artists. Instead there was a DJ, I wasn't into the vibe this go around. Next time I'm at Artifice/Cockroach Theatre and I'm hungry I think I'll try Mingo.
While searching for the art district, we stumbled upon Bar+Bistro @ the Arts Factory.  We were not disappointed!  Good food, good service and we were surrounded by art, which is what we love!

Ivan was our server and he suggested I try the brioche french toast.  Excellent choice!  My husband had the koby beef sliders and they were delicious.  Don't forget the fries when you order, they are crisp and seasoned to perfection.  

The menu is very diverse and they even boast an entire vegan section.
A terrible start to Father's Day!  The service was poor, bacon was undercooked, French toast was burnt, and the whole reason I even made a reservation there was for the bluegrass brunch. Which I was told at the end of my meal that the band cancelled saying it would be too hot today. The high was supposed to be 97 which by vegas standards isn't hot. Especially since we got there at 11am. I  was completely disappointed and saddened that this was how my boyfriend had to celebrate his 2nd Father's Day.
Met my dad and sister here on a Wednesday night a couple of months ago. 

My dad eats out a lot, but rarely complains about food or service.He said this was the worst service he had experienced in his entire life!

We ordered 3 little starters: 'pizza,' and chicken. We were discussing what else to order when the server came. We asked to have a couple more minutes. We didn't see anyone for 10 minutes. We finally put our order in. We ordered some heavier foods- 5 cheese mac, and 1-2 other tapas. Different people showed up to the table to refill our water glasses, but no food. 

The waitress came back maybe 30 minutes later, and said she was sorry & that they were busy. (Um, there was one other table inside, and maybe 5 tops outside). She said the food would be out soon. Well, 1 hour after arriving, we still hadn't gotten more than the 2-3 tapas from the beginning. We were offered a coupon for the brunch. You think we're coming back?

Maybe they just need to limit their menu to something easier to handle. A lot of the food sounded great, unique, and tasty. But, unfortunately we didn't get to try any of it. And, I doubt my dad will ever take us back. I certainly can't afford the expensive tapas plates myself.
Absolutely as good as it gets! Fantastic food served by a staff that seems happy to be there. Our server went above and beyond, bringing out the regular menu during brunch, allowing me to order off it and offering suggestions. We were checked on several times by several different people. Everything came out quickly and drinks refilled often too. I can't wait to return to Bar + Bistro!
I have had lunch here several times and always enjoyed it. My best friend was getting married and she is a vegan so sometimes it is difficult to find options for her while eating out. As I was in charge of planning her bachelorette party, I made reservations at this restaurant 6 weeks prior to the event for 10 people. 20 minutes prior to the reservation time the restaurant called me and informed me that they would not be able to accommodate us. With 10 people running around I was thankfully able to find another vegan friendly restaurant in the area to accommodate us but this was a massive inconvenience. As much as I enjoyed the food I will likely not return to this establishment and certainly not for a special event or with a large party.
Amazing when Chef Beni is in the kitchen. The Sherry Garlic Camarones are amazing.
Tempura Calamari, enough said!  Great scene, good people.  Never had a bad experience.
This place has a great atmosphere and very unique character. The vegan menu is delicious. Some of the best vegan food we have eaten in along time. Really good food and very nice people. Highly recommend to try their specialty drinks like the Honey Badger (because he doesn't give a sh#*t).
The food is mediocre, portions are small and prices are not set accordingly to portions! Way overpriced to eat a full meal. If im gonna spend this kind of money i will go to a nice restaurant and not this place. I have tried many things on the menu and i have yet to be blown away. Presentation is nice but flavor is not that great. The ingredients do not taste fresh and service is always ok. Have yet to be served by a great server or bartender...
Absolutely love the Brunch Menu... Bottomless Libations for 12 bucks... my political views are probably not welcome, but I think we can all get along for brunch!
After our stay-cation at the Rumor Hotel, my group of besties and I decided to go to brunch so we could nurse our hangover! LOL.  I've reviewed this place once before, however my opinion has slightly changed for the better.  On my last visit, I checked out the bar portion.  This time, I went and tried the bistro part of the Arts Factory.  

The bistro is uber cute!  The lights are dim for an intimate setting. There's exposed brick and air ducts to give the industrial feel.  The focal point of the décor is a golden sandwich star-type structure.  Each booth has a high back which makes for an intimate feel.  What I really like are the tables.  Thick wooden tables shaped like painters palates.  The only problem was that the table was so thick that it didn't give a lot of room to move into the booth.  Still, it was cute!  I don't know what our server's name was but he was delightful.  The only server there, so it took a while for service at times, but he had a lot of personality.  He was a thin Latino guy with an accent.  

For brunch, I decided to get the Carne Omelet for $13.  This omelet was filled with pancetta, Spanish chorizo, maple chicken, Cabrales cheese, roasted tomatoes and shallots.  This omelet was good!  The pancetta is a little tangy, big chunks of flavorful chorizo and savory chicken pieces.  The cheese was more on the tangy side and made the omelet super good.  The eggs were fluffy and this omelet super flavorful!  The only gripe about this dish was the size.  Compare to other great brunch joints, I definitely got more for my money.  I would have appreciated some kind of starch like hash browns or even toast.  

I'm glad I got to visit the other side of Bar + Bistro.  It certainly changed my original view and I will certainly be back.  Remember that it's more of a specialty bistro.  Prices are a little higher than what I think they should be, however, it's delicious!  Come check them out, especially for brunch!
One of the few places in vegas with some real character and REAL food !!!! Nightly events and the best Happy Hour !!!!
If you want a place for Happy Hour , this is IT !!!!!
When we went, the service was ridiculously slow at lunch. Getting seated is one thing, but between the time we got seated and actually got our food was at least an hour (with ordering our drinks and food). From what we ordered, my pizza was amazing (not worth the wait, but yummy). My brother's burger was average, as was my mother's sandwich. Of note, the fries on both of their dishes were cold. Not "not warm," but cold. And we didn't even bother complaining for fear of how long it'd be to get new fries. Overall, we spent 2 hours for overall average food, next to no service, and left dissatisfied. (Our waitress did seem very nice, just maybe too many tables. The host on the other hand needed to get the stick out of his butt and cut with the attitude.)
Vegan menu is awesome! I've had the club sandwich which is huge. Also the vegan mushroom pizza is so good. Oh and the vegan bananas foster was amazing! even tho it's not really banana foster at all .
Took a cab to this place about 6 miles away! Pulled up to the restaurant and was in the middle of a biker convention, wow. I didn't know what to think, I was a little nervous. Saw about 100 motorcycles and a ton of folks drinking beer on the patio, I later learned it was a charity fundraiser. The actual restaurant is small but the patio is huge. The chef was making a paella in a pan that was 5 or 6 foot around, it was really cool! 

I ordered the seafood paella of course it was one of the best I've ever had! The portion was small and the cost was $30 a little expensive for the size. But excellent! Service was great! The place was a little dirty.
Excellent food & service, I love the Paella Velazquez it's DELICIOUS ! I will definitely recommend this place and will absolutely come back.
As one can see my reviews for Bar+Bistro are very inconsistent and all over the place, so it's no surprise I am once again giving a totally different review from before.

All right, Bar+Bistro has had a lot of bad press. They were on Dirty Dining and they were on one of those Mystery Diner shows as well. Both of these PR situations went very poor for them. On top of that the owner was one of he main people who struck out against food trucks in Vegas. All of this equals bad PR. Add to the fact I have had one friend who had an absolutely horrendous time here and another friend who has experienced really mediocre visits. So why did I even go back?

I bought a coupon off of restaurant.com. That's why. I went for lunch on a very non-busy Tuesday afternoon (about 2 PM). I walked in to a completely empty dining room, a completely empty patio, and one waitress. I was seated in the main dining area.

Supposedly they have gone through some changes, new wait staff, and new head chef. I really did not see any changes to the menu though. What I ordered:

Bishop's Peak Chardonnay ($9.95) recommended by the server. It was decent. It had a buttery texture, although a bit too acidic at the end for me to shell out another 10 bucks for a second glass.

French Onion Soup ($7) - The broth did not have enough depth. The onions used were chopped a bit too small for my liking and the were clumped heavily together in the bottom of the bowl. However, it was not charred on top and the cheeses used complimented the soup very well. They made a unique flavor to the soup that I cannot deny I enjoyed.

Chicken Club ($11) - It comes with a choice of fries, or salad, I picked the fries and honestly these fries were superb. Not greasy. Crispy, yet not over-done. There was a hint of spiciness to them that I quite enjoyed. As for the sandwich it is quite large, so I took one half home. There was a lot of bread, too much honestly. Avocados, which I love and the veggies on it were fresh enough. The chicken could have been just a bit more moist, but I will not complain.

Overall, I was pleased, that is until I handed over my restaurant.com certificate and my debit card for payment. The server returned with my bill with added gratuity, and already charged to my card. This is the second time I've been bamboozled in such a way by a restaurant after they see my gift certificate. I was not a large party, I was one person. So why was I charged an automatic gratuity? Nothing on restaurant.com's certificates say you will be charged. It simply says to tip on the amount of the REAL check, not the discount. So apparently this waitress saw fit to go ahead and just charge me her tip without me asking.

I would have paid 20%, that's 2% more than what most people pay. And I always pay 20% because I used to be a server. I understand there are some cheap-o's out there, but when you assume everyone is going to stiff you, you are really opening yourself up for some criticism. Had the waitress not put her sly moves on my debit card I would have gladly given more stars as I really did enjoy my meal.
The food here is great but the service is horrible! If you're lucky enough to have a server come get your order you'll encounter rude servers who make you feel as though you are inconveniencing them! I didn't get my for an order after ordering and in my two hours there I only had my drink refilled once. Honestly although the food was good I could have found the same quality but better service somewhere else. I won't be visiting again.
service.. slow/ slightly frantic. food.. amazing..went for brunch with a friend, sat outside and watched the live band play, as it was a beautiful Sunday. server came over and asked what we would like to drink. they have a section on their brunch menu for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys that i told my server i wanted to take advantage of. i started with a bloody mary before my meal, made with some clam juice which i was nervous about, but it was amazing. it did however take quite some time to get our beverages. when i ordered my second drink, a mimosa,as brunch came and it arrived when we were finishing our meal. we stayed for a while, as it was such a nice day and the band was great, empty glasses for quite some time and our server was mostly MIA. a guy was walking to all the tables quickly filling the glasses, but that never happened for us. normally i wouldnt care, but i was paying for bottomless brunch! we finally track her down and we asked for one more round and the check. she informs me that "ill make this one bottomless" and i told her i was confused bc i initially ordered that. she said "well you cant mix and match. ehhh sorry" i just wish she told me that sooner...like when i ordered my first mimosa. miscommunication i think. a different guy came over with his big pitcher, extra nice and gave me tall one,  when she brought over the check, she ended up fixing it so i wasnt paying extra which was really nice of her. we still enjoyed ourselves, however make sure when you go, you dont have any time constraints. 
on a side note. when you go, try the Mac-n-Cheese. its amazing.
Service was extremely slow but that is understandable being that it was first Friday. And prices were high and portions small. But the food was very good and I.loved the atmosphere
The menu has been trimmed and it seems the food is not as fresh. Service is average. I still love this place and will always return but wish they would pull it together from the service side. Don't run out of food. Refill waters. Get more staff for Sunday brunch and keep the drinks flowing. You will make twice the money. This place has all the right ingredients to be kickass. I want to see it get there.
If you're looking for a meal that will fill you up, this is not the place. 

Service is mediocre, the staff is not very attentive, and you will wait a long time for your food to be served.

I ordered the carnitas tacos, they were pretty good, what really complemented the tacos was the mango salsa. My mouth waters just thinking about the salsa. The meal itself was not very filling and my order wasn't hot, it was warm. 

I did not want to order anything else because I knew I would end up waiting even longer. If the service improves then maybe I would give them another chance, but for now I will stay away.
I'd been curious about Bar +Bistro since I saw it on one of those "Restaurant Makeover" type shows last year, but had never had occasion to go visit. However, today I was attending some meetings down in the Arts District and thought that it would be the perfect opportunity to try it out for lunch!  I arrived at about 11:20, just after they opened, and only had about 30 minutes to eat. It is definitely an "artsy" building, with mixes of both industrial and works of art both inside and out.  

The setup was a little odd, because I could see right into the kitchen from the hostess stand, and no one was at the hostess stand when I arrived. I actually had to shout "hello?" into the kitchen before someone came out. After that, however, it was smooth sailing. I was pretty much the only one in the restaurant besides the staff, which suited me just fine. The service was friendly and the waitress/hostess helped me decide what to order (Cuban Paninni and sweet potato fries $12). I explained that I was in a bit of a time crunch, and she made sure that the food came out quickly.

The food was great! The sweet potato fries were yummy- topped with blue cheese crumbles and served with a side of sweet, yet spicy ketchup.  The Cuban pannini was cheesy, melty, yummy goodness. The bread was just a little on the crunchy side for my taste (that's just a personal preference, I don't like crunchy bread), but otherwise delicious and filling. The waitress even brought me a to-go box for my food and gave me an extra iced tea to-go as well!

I don't know how things were before the "makeover" or what they might be like during peak times, but I very much enjoyed my experience!
Omg!!!! Chef Velazquez is so amazing!!!!! The Mofongo is like unreal!!! We had seconds of the Mofongo! The Caprese slider was insanely good! Service amazing!! So glad we are locals!!! Xoxo
Lunch today was really lovely at Bar +  Bistro.  We were able to sit outdoors and even though the 'outdoors' of this restaurant is technically the corner of an incredibly busy intersection in downtown Las Vegas,  its impossible to tell that when you are sitting there enjoying an order of sweet potato fries and steak salad with chimichurri.
The atmosphere is eclectic and our server was friendly and informative.
My friend's salad didn't come with the pumpkin seeds promised on the menu so we ended up with a piece of their lovely ricotta lemon cheesecake. 
Outstanding.
One of the stops on a downtown Vegas pub crawl with an ENORMOUS group of people, the Arts Factory handled us splendidly.  I loved their huge outdoor patio and all the funky art inside the place.

Hundreds of cups of cold beer had already been poured and were awaiting our arrival; nothing like instant satisfaction after working up a thirst on the hot streets of LV!  

It was a pleasure to speak with the people working in the studio shop towards the back of the building, too: they were a wealth of information about the artwork on display and for sale, as well as the artists who had produced it.  Cheers!
Came for the Sunday hangover brunch and it was delicious: 

We sat on the beautiful patio with is fun, funky and eclectic and also always dogs. There was a bluegrass band playing who were precious. It almost feels like you arnt in Vegas it has a very la feel to it. 

They have an option for either bottomless mimosas or bottomless bloodys for $12! We got there at about 2:15 and the brunch ends at 3. I wanted bottomless mimosas and my bf wanted bloodys but our waiter told me that they were almost out of mimosas (come early if you want bottomless mimosas) so we both opted for the bloodys. The bloodys were actually bloody Ceasers when they arrived they were vodka with clamato juice with real clams at the bottom .. Not my thing a little too "seafoody" to drink but my bf loved them. 

The glass ware here is beautiful and unique A+ to that. 

I got the Benedict majanco or something like that ($15) - it was fried plantain patties topped with lump crab cakes topped with quail eggs and spicy hollandaise .. DELICIOUS!  My bf got the meat lovers omelette and it was probably one of the best omelets I have ever had, great flavor! Great food overall! 

I would give it a perfect perfect score but the food portion sizes were a little small for the price you're paying they need an accompaniment like a few potatoes or even some fruit on the side .. Your plate arrives with just that one thing you ordered on the whole big plate.
We were meeting friends to see a show at the Cockroach Theater, and Bar + Bistro is just steps away, so they suggested it, though none of us had every been there before.
Interesting setup:  booths with art palette tables in the smaller dining room, which are creative but require the agility of a contortionist if you're on the inside, and regular tables in the larger main dining room.  I liked the juxtaposition of art vs industry in the two arrangements, and also being "forced" to walk through the art gallery to use the ladies' room.

Our server was very attentive, and came back several times before I could settle on what I wanted to eat.  Hubby and I shared a roasted tomato soup; it was delicious, but I was glad we were sharing it, because I try to stay away from cream soups.  Our friends shared the butternut squash soup.  For as much time as I spent studying the menu, I didn't notice it!  I surely would have ordered it, since it was served in the squash and they got to eat that, too.

I had the hot pastrami sandwich on marbled rye, despite the fact that it was advertised with spicy mojo mayo, a travesty in my religion, which decrees it should come with deli mustard. The pastrami was lean, a bit dry (that's because pastrami is SUPPOSED to be fatty), and I didn't notice the mojo mayo.  While I enjoyed it overall, it would have been better if the rye had been grilled.  What I loved was the salad that came with the sandwich - fresh greens, a goodly helping of cubed avocado, and very good citrus dressing which, for once, wasn't too vinegary for my taste.

My husband had the chicken club, which he ate with gusto, and though I'm not a big fan of sweet potato fries, his were fabulous, and I pilfered more than one.

Our friends shared the paella.  They had no complaints, but if I'd paid 32 bucks for that small portion (which was the entree size), I'd have been very pissed.

I was the only one who ordered wine, my usual Riesling, but this one, a California, was too dry for my taste.

Overall, a nice meal with good service, and it sure was conveniently located.
Snotty staff. Closes earlier than posted hours. Manager sent us to another restaurant that was also closed when we arrived.
Service is awful.  The food came out in a very bizarre order.  There were three of us.  My friend Brandon's fries came first.  They were a SIDE.  For his MEAL.  Not the appetizer.  But we all picked at them.  Because we were HUNGRY.   For our APPETIZER.  

Next two of our entrees came out.  The third came much later.  Awkward.  

THEN alas, our appetizer arrived.  AFTER our entrees. 

Just ridiculous.  

Our bill came before we were finished eating.  We wanted coffee.  So we ordered that.  And then the SECOND bill came.  

The food tasted pretty good.  

They were not crowded on a Saturday around noon- prime brunch time.  (Which makes even LESS sense about the bizarre service trends.)

The area is cute- a little off the beaten path.

At this point I am really digging for nice things to say.  So I'll just leave it at: no thank you.
Items selected:

Plantain Chips with Tomatillo Salsa
Tostone Bites - Olive Oil Double Fried Plantain Sandwiches, Black Forest Ham, Roasted Pork, Gruyere, Pickles, Mojo Mayo, Citrus Garlic Sauce
Little Pollo - Flour Herbed Chicken Pieces
Donut Churros with Mexican Hot Chocolate
Brioche Flan French Toast - Powdered Sugar, Warm Lemon Agave Syrup, Whipped Cream
B+B Pancakes - Sweet Cinnamon Sugar, Roasted Plantains, Warm Maple Syrup, Whipped Cream
Cangrejo Benedict Mofongo - lump crabmeat, plantain garlic mash, Romesco butter, quail egg

Located in the Arts Factory amidst a number of interesting galleries and stores Bar + Bistro had been on my radar for just under a year when my mother suggested she wanted something 'different' for lunch and with a decidedly unique fusion brunch menu taking notes from Peruvian and Mexican cuisine I couldn't think of a better place...at least until we were seated next to a sixtop of 20-somethings drinking bottomless mimosas and behaving in manners that only served to strengthen my belief that society's best days are long past.  Certainly not one to fault a restaurant based on its clientele despite being subjected to a lengthy delay (and a lack of bread pudding which had sold out the night prior) it should be noted that service was mostly spot on with water and coffee refilled repeatedly as we waited and with a gift of plantain chips as an apology for the wait the meal progressed nicely from there, a half-dozen selections both sweet and savory serving notice to Chef Beni Velazquez's unique talents.  With selections ranging from straight forward fried chicken to impressive savory plantain sandwiches and a truly inspired presentation of crabcakes atop fried, smashed plantains topped with a runny quail egg highlighting the savories it would be difficult to decide which item to order if limited to one but moving on to sweets that decision became far less difficult because as good as the crispy donuts with spicy cinnamon chocolate and supple plantain pancakes were neither could hold a candle to the stack of buttery brioche soaked in custard and cooked till crystalized, a light citrus syrup and fresh blueberries gilding the lily and representing one of the best French Toast preparations in a city...and a strong impetus to return sometime for the bread pudding.
My friend and I went here yesterday for the first time.  Not only was out server super sweet, but he bought us a dish off the menu that he thought we would like with out even asking if we needed anything else.  He was genuinely so excited to share this yummy food with us!  You don't find a lot of places like that these days!  Also, the food was delicious!  My friend and I are mostly Vegan and it was easy to order off the menu.  Everything that came out was delicious.  I highly recommend the artichoke appetizer with the sweet chili sauce. YUUUUM!
really great food, nice atmosphere and service.  I was with my family, half of them ordered the grilled cheese & tomato soup combo and all really liked it.   my brother got a margarita pizza and was disappointed by the very very thin cracker like crust and lack of sauce.  my dad got a chicken club and loved it.  I had fish tacos and sweet potato fries which were both great.  also, plantains and salsa instead of chips was a nice change and they were verrrry good. 

overall would recommend for lunch or family dinner, nothing fancy.
I love this restaurant. However, it's a hit or a miss on restaurant service. For the most part everything is great! The food offered comes with vegan options, which is great for those friends or family of selective palette. 

But my favorite part of this place is the bar and the sweet potato fries! Hands down best sangria in town in humble opinion! The lounge area inside has a great ambience and comfortable seating. In the summers, the outdoor seating makes for a great space and relaxing in the cooling of the summer heat.
Cost: $17 (w/o tip) 

Came in and asked for recommendations, got the veggie Spanish omelette as one and decided to order. 
Also ordered the chocolate milk to replenish my calcium supplies but they were out. Then ordered the half apple/half orange juice and they didn't have apple juice. Finally settled for the typical morning breakfast OJ.

The omelette was cheesily tasty, with multiple layers and a generous amount of soft gingers embedded within the layers. Combining this egg concoction with the spicy salsa sauce made it even better.
It was a very filling meal, especially with the tall glass of OJ. 

The service was great. The waiter was friendly and active in attending to all customers' needs. He continually checked in - but thankfully not too often - and was quick in solving any issues. 

Overall, a tad expensive but highly recommended, would come again.
During a visit from our English friends, we decided to do tapas here. The four of us made a reservation and were sat immediately. The restaurant's exterior was intriguing with a great outdoor patio and fire pit. The interior was equally intriguing and perfectly artistic, including our very cool easel-shaped table.

We shared the following tapas:
Sautéed Calamari with Spanish chorizo, piquillo peppers, white bean saffron ragu sauce, and sofrito dressing ($12); 5 Cheese Mac made with smoked gouda, sharp cheddar, fontina, Manchego, roasted tomato, piquillo peppers, and topped with a Parm crisp ($11); Garlic Pollo: chicken bites cooked in a Spanish sherry butter ($9); and Tempura Alcochofa: panko-crusted artichoke hearts.

We also shared the following entrees:
Cubano Panini made with Black Forest ham, roasted pork, Swiss, pickles, and Mojo mayo ($12) and Paella Velazquez: lobster, clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari, fish, chicken, Divish chorizo, peas, saffron rice ($28).

We all really enjoyed the food! The best dish for me was definitely the Paella. Really awesome and fresh seafood and wonderful flavor. The price is a little steep for the portion compared to other satisfactory paellas in town. Anyway, service was a little funky throughout the night, but nothing to really turn us off. Overall, the prices are a little higher than other tapas restaurants and although their dishes offer great, unique flavors, it's not a place I would go out of my way to visit.
After getting my hair cut, I walked over to meet my boyfriend who was waiting for me to finish with my hair. He was the only one in there at about 6pm on a Saturday night, which seemed strange to me.  He and the bartender, Kyle, were keeping each other company.  Kyle said it usually gets busy later, but instead of opting to stay and have dinner we each just got a drink and then went down to Fremont Street. My bf ordered the "Final Word" because I guess it originated in Detroit, which is where he's from.  I ordered the "Honey Badger" because I love bourbon.  Both drinks were delicious!  We definitely want to go back some night when it's a bit busier and try some of the food.  The menu items look amazing.
If you think of this as a bar with good food (love the salmon sliders & dips for fries), then you will be happy. Go to the bar, chill, have some interesting beers, then order food (before 9pm). You will be happy all around!
As a restaurant, not so  much. If they just decided to keep it as a bar with food, they'd have a much better overall review.
Bartenders are awesome, BTW!!! I've yet to not have a super nice, knowledgeable one, who I couldn't help but tip nicely.  Hooks these folks up, they rock.
We visited Bar Bistro for a friend's birthday get together.  It's a really cool place with an artistic vibe, especially since it's located inside the Arts Factory.  The atmosphere is casual and laid back.  They had live music which was enjoyable.  The drinks were good, definitely generous pours.  We ordered the sliders and the 5 Mac n cheese.  Both were delicious. Definitely will be visiting again'
The ambience is great but service is one at a time. Order a lot of tapas, 15 mins intervals between each plate. Last plate of mofongo took 20 mins. Food was ok but not wow!
The good: it had cute decor and the beers we had were delicious (some kind of pomegranate light beer and a porter).

The bad: the service was painfully slow and downright cold. I understand that it's a busy weekend night, but you can at least flash us a smile and maybe get us waters. Also, I know the food is gourmet and all, but my fish tacos (which were somewhere around $14, mind you) came with a teeny, tiny portion of fish the size of my thumb.
It gets a 3 star because there was wine.
The food was good... When it came. The kitchen was s-l-o-w and they were out of the artichoke appetizer which the chef was kind enough to come out and tell us 20 minutes later. 
We were with 4 other people and the restaurant wasn't our idea so cutting our losses and leaving wasn't an option.
The food was good although I might have liked to be told in advance that there was siracha in the ketchup. Our Cuban sandwich was also pickle and mustard - less which made it more of a ham and grilled cheese.
The sweet potato fries were very good. 
Service was beyond sketchy; our waitress really was trying but the kitchen wasn't cooperating.
We were with a fun group and the conversation sparkled( wine) so we weren't too upset with the service but if you are looking for a quick bite you are destined for disappointment.
I love Bar + Bistro! I've been there several times and no matter what else I order, I always get the Garlic Pollo - it is delicious!  The service is usually good, and it's a very cute restaurant.
Great place for an after church brunch. Ivan our server was just amazing!! He was helpful as we ordered from the menu and gave us great service. The food was delicious.
My mom and I had a quick light lunch today here and it was exactly what we were looking for.  Most importantly though, I wanted to mention our wonderful server Ivan.  He was so friendly and personable.  He offered to take our photo and so we took one of him.  The next time you're here be sure to ask for him.  He is an asset to the restaurant without a doubt.  Thank you Ivan for your great service today!
Loving the bluegrass brunch!  We've stayed here on the patio long enough to enjoy both the bluegrass and this awesome accordion music.  Bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's are fab.  The food is really good (though they ran out of lots of options by 1:30 so have a backup plan) but the massive downside is that it is no quick adventure. We've been here for 4 hours, it took 45 min to have our order taken, another hour to get the meal and now we've waited at least 45 for our bill.  I think our server left??  Not sure. It's nice that they haven't kicked us out I guess.  Bottom line, plan for an afternoon.  We'll be back because of the great atmosphere.  Service was super nice when we got their attention.
I've been here a few times and every time I've been, the service is poor. The servers are friendly; however, they don't seem to have any idea what tables they should be serving.  We ordered brunch this last time and they were out of two of the three things we tried to order. There was barely any follow up and it took us forever to get our check.  We literally thought our server left. On the plus side, the blue grass music and outdoor seating was awesome.
No doubt the hottest mess in downtown. One of the first times I visited, the bar was airing a live episode of the Food Network show Restaurant Stakeout (all about deeply troubled restaurants), and I got to watch the service staff laughing at their horrible depictions on TV. That was about two years ago. 

Cut to this weekend, a beautiful Sunday morning. What sounds better than brunch while sitting outside? The lady suggests B&B. Although I've been a number of times for dinner, still haven't tried brunch, plus its super close, plus the weather--yes, let's do B&B! We arrive about 11:15, order by 11:45. I need to to leave by 1pm to meet some folks, but we figure there's plenty of time. 

You know where this is going. 

We order a Spanish omelet and the B&B Bake and are told something about how the bake takes an extra 5-10 minutes. Fine, no immediate rush. Around minute thirty is when things start to get a little weird, so I mention how "excited" we are for our dishes. Profuse apologies; kitchen's backed up, the usual. Another fifteen minutes later, as the five or six tables that sat down after us are well into their meals, I tell the server we need to get going so either the food has to arrive immediately or we'll have to split. Quick run to the kitchen; profuse apologies; our orders are "the very next ones" at the window. Watch three more orders land at tables around us, and finally around minute sixty we stand up and begin to take our leave. It is almost ten to 1. Naturally, the server is carrying our plates right as we're passing her. She implores us to sit and eat, says the meal will be taken care of. We're starving, so we sit down and eat. 

Not much point going into great detail about the food. It was bad. The Spanish omelet was overcooked eggs with a few red peppers and a slice of supposedly manchego cheese on top. Slapped on a plate, no accompaniment, no flavor or texture, just a quickly thrown together mess that I am certain took no more than four minutes to execute. The "bake" had more flavor (chorizo, obvi) but was also dry and accompanied by some curiously soggy "salad" involving finely diced tomatoes, lettuce, avocados, beans, and olives. It was weird, disproportionate, heavy, mushy, and made no sense. 

In other words, it was a lousy experience. The weather was lovely, the bluegrass band, although too loud for talking, was a fun touch, and the packed seating area bustled with merriment. I guess you can get away with a lot on a Sunday morning when the weather's nice and the mimosa and bloody mary taps are wide open. Folks seemed happy. I'd have been one of the happy ones too if I were getting rocked on bottomless booze and time was no issue. Sadly, we were there for the meal in addition to the sun, and the meal was a dumpster fire. 

I have it on good authority that the reason B&B offers such chronically horrible service is because the kitchen is simply too small to accommodate the amount of diners that the house can accommodate. If that's the case, it's an unfortunate error in the original design, but it can't continue to hobble the entire operation. A restaurant can't thrive if it's constantly apologizing for pissing off its customers. That's a model for failure. They need to radically simplify the menu, or streamline the preparation, or get rid of tables, or hire faster cooks, or knock out some walls and expand the kitchen, or.... 

I won't come back, at least not for the food. I've eaten here several times and recall a few quite memorable bites. The mac n cheese blew me away the first time I tried it. A few other things have been surprisingly good. But the menu is much like the service--all over the place and wildly inconsistent. B&B is more than the food, though, which is probably why it continues to survive. The location is premiere, right in the heart of the Arts District. The bar offers a brilliant selection of brown spirits and usually friendly service. It's more than a restaurant, it's a hub, and good thing because it wouldn't survive on the food alone.

For those of us who live near and/or support the Arts District, B&B is a place to embrace and rally around. It's exactly the kind of thing to want to thrive. But it shouldn't get a free pass on being a restaurant just for being a cool spot in a cool location. Two years ago B&B was laughing at its own bumbling self on TV, and it doesn't seem like much has improved since. Pity.
They take forever, and the service is terrible. It is 2 blocks from my house so I would go there out of convenience, but not anymore. The bussers are very attentive, but the servers and bar staff are garbage. 

Example 1- I asked for the vegan veggie sandwich with cheddar cheese and sweet potato fries. I got a sandwich with no cheese and regular fries. When I asked the server for my sweet potato fries she told me they were out. So.... You're telling me you were out of the item and didn't mention it to me or let me pick my own side?

Example 2- champagne brunch. They run out of OJ after 2 glasses and have to "go get more". So we ask for just a glass of champagne to hold us over, and the server tells us no its not just champagne, it's mimosas only. Are you kidding me?!?!

I have many more examples, but the bottom line is if you have several hours to waste, and would like F grade service, accompanied by C grade food...this is the place to eat.
I too am giving this place a 1 because I can not give a zero! Horrible service and mediocre food that was over priced. The waitress was awful and clueless. The only thing positive I have to say is that the band was great!
Have been back and still just as pleased!
Great Food with Spanish Flair

I originally came here to see a band performing outside.  It is a very interesting venue for music, since it is outdoors, with busy Chuck Blvd. on the south side of the property.  While the band was performing, there was a semi-nude model and artists/other people painting her (or, rather, their vision of her).  Lots of metal and rivets in styling which I like.  More industrial than steampunk.

I had the Garlic Pollo & House Fries (tapas menu items) and a Stella.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, tender with good garlic flavor without being overpowering.  The fries were also very solid, rustic planks with a bit of skin on on the tips (wink, wink, nudge, nudge).  Loved the Mojo mayo & spicy ketchup that were served with the fries.

The service was great and I talked to a manager and (I think) one of the owners.  They seem to be fun people with an eye towards full entertainment, not just food & drink.

I really want to come here for brunch, just gotta wait for my lady to be with.  Short review, but I want to add to this after brunch.
30 minutes not even a water! Oh wait (pun intended) not even acknowledgement! How hard is it to say hey be with you in 45 minutes! Waitress walked by 10 times. Guess it was hard. Anyway I'm a local wanted to come here a bunch of times. Talked my friend into then said screw it. Can't tell you about the food never got it. Won't be back.
*A Brunch experience*

I would have given this spot 4 stars but since my delightful meal was ruined by their terrible service. I went for their brunch special around 12 & there weren't even a lot of people, yet It took one hour to get and pay for the check, my waitress was rude, neglectful, and slow. Oddly enough, the owner of the restaurant happened to be servicing the patrons- filling drinks- helping out-and we still received crappy service. 

The seating is okay, it's kind of hard to get a table for more than three people, at least in the outside seating. The chairs were not that comfortable. What I did enjoy the most was the live blues/fiddle band/music  that was playing on the bright sunny afternoon that I went. 

Hands down, the food is amazing. I had the B&B Bake- absolutely delicious baked egg dish, and a zesty side salad, with a unique variety of ingredients. My party had the french toast & spinach omelet, which were also very,very good. They have a bottomless bloody mary/ mimosa brunch special for $12. The menu is definitely not your average breakfast/brunch you can find anywhere. They put a ton of effort to include vegan, fresh, organic foods, with eccentric flavoring. Overall, I'd recommend this place only if the weather is nice outside and you have no where else to be for a few hours.
It was my first time here. I'll be honest, when downtown, I tend to go to what I know. But this was a business meeting, and the person I was meeting with is a fan, so I thought...what the heck. 

It was lunch time, and our meeting was early. Before noon on a weekday, the place was pretty bare (that changed about 12:15). 

I had a lot of time to glance at the very diverse menu. As a non-meat eater, coming to a place that I was not familiar with is always a gamble. I was pleased with the extensive vegetarian and healthy-ish items. I chose to be a bad vegetarian and got the grilled cheese with a side salad. 

The grilled cheese was legit. Ranks in my top 3 of local grilled cheeses. I could taste the flavors of the different cheeses and the bread was still crispy and not too oily. The entree also came with a very small espresso cup full of tomato soup. I would have liked to have a larger serving of soup, but it was very flavorful. Though with the cup size, it was difficult to dip (I don't care if it was a business meeting with someone I'd not met before. I dip my grilled cheese. I'd do it at home, in front of my grandmother, or at a business meeting. I have no shame). 

The salad I got instead of fries (tried to be healthy-ish) was okay. The greens were great, but they surprised me with two different types of olives. I've not had them on a house salad before. The dressing was a bit bland. But the greens really had good flavor. 

I will go back and perhaps try one of their vegan dishes next time.
The donut churros, OMG especially if you're a chocoholic.  Soups were good too.  Sunday's Mimosa's and bloody mary's with live music, you can't go wrong.  Laid back vibe.  Check it out.
We came for brunch on a Saturday. It was a really nice day so we dined on the patio.  

My boyfriends niece and nephew got their food about 20 minutes. They just ordered eggs, bacon, and toast. We waited a hour for omlettes, and mine was cold. The kids were way done with their breakfast before we even got a first bite of ours.  

Our overall service wasn't that bad. My drinks were always full and the server was pretty pleasant.
Great place in the heart of downtown. Nice people and friendly atmosphere. The bar has great inside and outside lounge and dining area. This place has a very creative design to it being connected to the restaurant, art gallery and shops. This is a great place for hanging out with friends before or after work and great for public or private functions. I would definitely recommend it to anyone that frequents the downtown area;)
We went there for an early dinner before going to the Smith Center. We chose to eat indoors despite it being fairly mild outside (the outside patio ended up being crowded, the indoor eating area was literally empty besides our table). We ordered plantain with shrimp which was quite yummy. We also shared a very thin crust pizza (VERY thin crust) that was excellent. Also had an order of stuffed peppers (good for a vegetarian). That too was outstanding. this is an excellent choice for an informal and fairly inexpensive meal before seeing a show at the Smith Center.
I love the twinkle lights in the patio.  It's located right in the arts district with an eclectic group of artists that converse, drink, and eat . I'm addicted to the sweet potato fries, and I always try something new on the menu because the food is very rich in taste and flavor . Spanish flare , that goes well with one of their signature cocktails. Lyndsey , was my server and was on point ! She had a great personality , very accommodating when I kept switching tables. I have always had great service when ever I come for dinner with group or by myself. The atmosphere is very chill, and relaxed. And one more amazing dessert dish is the warm chocolate cake !!! Super delicious !!! I always look forward to coming here !!
I had the best Vegan pizza here, it's called the Margherita. My husband had the Cuban Panini. Food was really good. However, there is zero urgency with the waitstaff. I'm also not a fan of restaurants that serve one item to a guest and not having the other dish ready. Nothing I hate more than being the person waiting for their food while others eat. Overall not bad, might try it again but it won't be for a while.
If it were based on food alone, I would give this place 4 stars. Unfortunately, based on my 2 experiences there, the staff was so rude and clueless, I have to give it 1 star. Not worth the trip. 

I came with a medium sized party to celebrate my birthday and our waitress seemed annoyed with us from the second we sat down. We were set to spend a lot of money and therefore, our waitress would be getting a big tip but she seemed to discourage us from anything that would require work. I. E. We ordered bottles of wine and she said, well, we're out of wine glasses. Ok. Well, we're easy, we'll drink out of anything. She rolls her eyes. 

Then they were out of several items. When she finally came around to get our order it took close to an hour to get our food. Mind you, there were only about 3 other tables there. She never apologized or offered anything to us. When we asked to speak to a manager, we were told that the owner was out of town and the manager had gone home for the day. No manager on at all? Terrible. 

Given that a majority of us had worked in the restaurant industry before, we STILL gave her a 20 percent tip and she never even thanked us. 

Gave it one more try months later and the waitress who "greeted us" told us they were closed, even though their website clearly said different. They were either slow and just decided to close 2 hours early or you need to update your website. We're locals and all around town, this place has a terrible reputation. Go elsewhere.
Overall a really bad dining experience. Went here with a couple friends specifically for bluegrass brunch. The host sat us outside, despite the band playing inside, at a bar table that was covered in dust and cigarette ashes. After 20 minutes with no server, one of us went in to ask. a waitress came out, wiped down the table, and took our order. Our food came out at completely different times and the server didn't know which order was which. Two of us were completely finished eating before the final order came out. Food was not awful but was really bland and way overpriced. The glasses are made out of cut glass beer bottles which could be cool but mine was cracked around the rim which was dangerous. Some woman had her dogs sitting directly on top of another table, which was gross. Several people came out of the bar and lit up cigarettes directly beside out table. Gross. The dust blowing off the vacant lot next door kept coating our table which made finishing our meals impossible. And again, gross. Our waitress was friendly but totally inattentive. Maybe it was more crowded than normal inside. The whole experience called to mind visiting a little brother's frat house on banquet night or something. The reality of a scummy dive patio masquerading as fancy brunch. Most of this probably would have been much better inside...looked nicer in there. Patio was a giant disappointment. No way we will ever go back.
If you have picky friends! DO NOT GO HERE! My gosh, I went with a group of 9-10 people and only about 2 of us were satisfied. 

I enjoyed the ambience and the food was okay. I ordered the Carne Omelette and it was good for the most part. Although their brunch menu is somewhat small. My friends were not satisfied with the food selection. They said a lot of the things on the menu we could make at home. Which is true, but I thought they were being irrational. 

So if you ask my friends they would say don't go for brunch. 

If you ask me, I'd say check it out, food is good. You just have to be willing to try something different. Their drinks although aren't all that great. I ordered a Bloody Mary and I had to switch it out because it was to much tomato flavored and then a strong unappealing alcohol. Then I tried their Mimosa and for the price it was not worth it. 

Service was overall alright. I could say that the food took too long to come out and the check as well took FOREVER. The longer I wait to pay the less of a tip I give. It's annoying, in my opinion. 

If you want food that resembles food you can make at home (and maybe even better) then check it out. But if not I would just try elsewhere.
I always enjoy myself at this place especially during First Friday at times they have girls who dance with fire and they also have a poetry night. As for the bartenders it's alway hit or miss but I  
like the atmosphere so I'll be coming back.
I've been here several times. It's a cool little place to eat that's tucked into the Arts District.

The food is good, the vibe fun, the service slower than molasses.
This is a cute and fun spot for brunch. They have a live bluegrass band! (Note: The band stopped performing about 1.5 hours or so before the end brunch.) There's plenty of options on the brunch menu. And there's unlimited bloody marys and mimosas. Who doesn't love unlimited drinks? Service is good. Prices are decent. Lots of unique items. And everything we had was delicious. We will definitely be back.
Unfortunately not a great 1st visit here. I have a friend who loves this place! I wasn't impressed!!! 3-4 people behind the bar, not very busy & it took about 20 minutes to get a drink. Then a guy who worked there was very rude when a few of us were accidentally in his way & hollered @ us & I said "excuse us& he says "it's a business!!" I told him that didn't mean he needed to be rude! How unprofessional!!!! He shouldn't work there if he's that unhappy there to be so aggressive with paying customers. I won't go back nor recommend this place!
Tasty and Easy to Find (facing Charleston Blvd.) in the Arts Factory Building.
They even have patio seating.

Went here for lunch... mid-week around 1pm.
It was not super crowded but they had several tables enjoying lunch... some were singles and some were groups.  So, this looks like it might be a good spot for business folks looking for a nice lunch out of the office (if you have the time to take a longer-ish lunch.)

Service wasn't lightning fast so don't expect to get in and out in like 40 minutes.
But the servers are super friendly as is the manager who stopped by each table to chat and see how everyone was doing. 

Mom had the fish tacos... and at first glass they looked small... but it was like the fish and the tortillas and the slaw and salsa kept multiplying on her plate because it seemed like she kept eating and eating.  She was satisfied when she was done.

I had the Latin Chicken Salad... Yummm-o!  It had: cabbage, jicama, piquillo peppers, pumpkin seeds, avocado, Manchego cheese, plantain chips, chimichurri honey dressing.  The dressing was Awesome!  A little bit of sweetness with a little bit of kick and tang.  And pumpkin seeds... this really adds a new dimension to a salad... I need to pick some up for salads at home and just start tossing them in to "change it up".

Oh!  And the Sweet Potato fries were fantastic... not just plain or limp sweet potato fries like some places.  These had a little kick of a seasoning on them... I don't remember what it was on them but I really liked it... some sort of Latin spice.
The worst watered down drinks ever. Bad food. Super expensive. Super lame service. Ugly people. Nice location.
My favorite place to eat in town ! Love the unique variety. I love the tostones , the Vega tacos, stuffed peppers... The cheesecake !!! I am also Gluten Free & Vegetarian . My husband loves the Garlic Chicken & the fried artichoke . The drinks are great too! Not in best part of town , but super cute inside! Always enjoy all the art.  
BTW , the server Sean is awesome!
I don't like to give a poor review, but I'm hoping that maybe they will fix the problem because this place has SUCH potential. Went for Brunch and was excited about the atmosphere and the nicely priced bottomless mimosas, and fun music on the outdoor patio. 
However a couple of problems:
1) Totally not enough staff. They need at least a couple more people to give better service, as well as some Bussers as they ran out of glassware and were giving paper cups for water. Plus the stations looked really trashed once people started to vacate. 
2) The menu online is NOT the menu you get when you arrive. I had the Spanish Omelette which was apparently ala carte but online it stated it came with sides. Plus for $14.00 I didnt feel the omelette was even large enough, especially just to have that on the plate. 

A couple people left when we were there because no one greeted them. It is a great place that I would want to take a large group to, however not with the service the way it is. They were never on a wait which I'm sure is attributed to the staffing quality. Such potential...please fix your Sunday Brunch as I would love to be a regular guest!!
Great and unique place for brunch on a late-Sunday morning! Came here as a suggestion from my friend who wanted the brunch atmosphere with the bluegrass music spin. Parking was a bit rough in the area and we ended up parking in a loading zone, but other people were parked there and it was a Sunday. Luckily our car was still there later :D

I had the french toast - it was served with the syrup already poured on and now too sweet. I liked how the bread pieces weren't too thick and it was the perfect balance of fluffy and crispy. We also ordered the house fries that come with tasty takes on mayo and ketchup (slightly spicy). The fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned. My husband had the quiche which he claims to be the best quiche he's ever had (topping Bouchon's even - but not sure if I'd personally go that far). The rest of our party really enjoyed their entree choices and a few of us got the bottomless mimosas and bloody marys for $12. They even let one of our friends change between both drinks. They are very generous with their mimosa pours and even when I told them I was good after 2 cups, one of our servers encouraged me to just have a little more! They did run out of champagne and switched to bottomless white wine sangria, which I unfortunately didn't have room before. One of the proprietors came to talk to us and was super sweet and wanted to make sure we were happy with everything. I'll definitely be back for the sangria and all the entrees that got me hooked!
This place is super cute and the Sunday Brunch with the Bluegrass band outside is awesome! Adjust your expectation though, if you are going for fast attentive waitstaff, then This IS Not the place. You go here for the atmosphere and to hear the band, the staff and kitchen couldn't be slower.
This is my second visit to this place. The food was mediocre, the drinks were worst. Came here for the second time on first fridays. It took so long to get a drink here. The managers need to focus on customer services more than anything. The outdoor seating is a little torn up. Unlikely I would return. I see why the health department closed down this place before. There are better bars and places to chill nearby that are cleaner and are more attentive.
Fantastic! Had the Pig, Pork, Cow burger. It was so tasty. Ivan was wonderful. He makes a great Bloody Mary!
Awesome patio!  Our server was hilarious!  I started with a delicious ginger cocktail.  For dinner, I had the spiced salmon salad with sugary spiced crunchy nuts and ricotta.  Fabulous!  My friend had the chocolate cake.  I smelled the delicious cocoa-ness from across the table!  I am getting that next time!
Just at the corner of the art district, the bistro is a small restaurant right off of charleston. The outside patio makes for a nice touch but the view isnt all that great. Parking isnt very spacious and you will most likely have to park across at the bar over in their half dirt half broken asphalt lot. The interior is mediocre at best and isnt all that impressive. The tables are designed as giant painter pallets which is a nifty touch. Food is a bit overpriced: 6$ for a single slider or $16 for 3, and other various dishes, around $12 for tapas, $10 for soups or salads, and $25 for entree. For this price you can get a more fancy atmosphere and sophisticated meal else where but it is not a bad place to stop if you have a lot of money and dont feel like traveling an extra 3 miles outside of the art district of down town i suppose. I dont think I will ever be back here again. In short: over priced not all that great food, parking is horrible, sketchy side of town, small average atmosphere with the exception of the pallet tables and equally overpriced $500 no name art pieces for sale hanging on the walls, and menu with no personality. I do not recommended.
I've been here twice and had a great experience both times! The first time was a Friday night - I hung out at the bar, talked to the bartender and met a few awesome people. The second time, I brought my dog and husband for Sunday brunch and bluegrass. Both times the food was great and staff was friendly.
we enjoy this place.  it's outdoors (really, not under a painted sky) so it's a little on the gritty side but it reminds us of a typical outdoor cafe in NYC.  on a hot day it's fun to relax with an iced sangria and a few appetizers like the 5 cheese mac, grilled fish tacos, mofongo, or cubano panini.  we keep coming back.
Pretty tasty :) The server Ivan was great. Affordable and would recommend. 
Brunch is only on weekends :( But the lunch was still really good. 
Also, it's in a realllyyyy cool building, so you might want to get your explorer on.
I absolutely love this place.  Let's start off with the fact that their Coke glasses are made from cut beer bottles there candleholders are made from cut vodka bottles and their water glasses are made from cut wine bottles so so cute.  The food is simply amazing. I don't eat bananas but when you order their artichoke dip it comes with plantain chips these are the only people that have ever gotten me to eat bananas.  Their French onion soup, salad their desserts they're small plates everything is fantastic
Never a disappointment (: The staff is beyond compare, and the food is exquisite! 

I suggest the sliders!
I went for Sunday brunch. The patio was full so I would recommend making reservations for larger parties if you plan to have brunch on the patio while a band is playing. The ambience is very nice and relaxing. I would advise against wearing heels though. I was in wedges and found it very difficult to walk on their uneven flooring. Our server was amazing. He made suggestions of his favorite menu items and was very attentive. If you are starving, you will need to order more than one menu item. This restaurant serves very...how do you put it...healthy-sized portions of food. I'm tiny and I needed 2 things. Each dish runs about $15 unless you order just bacon, toast or cornbread. Then it's about $6. The food is rather tasty, but it wasn't $30-tasty. They also have bottomless mimosas and bloody mary though during brunch so it is worth the $$$ if you plan to have a Sunday Funday.
Fun hipster like atmosphere ( lights made of drink bottles, a road sign for a table, etc) 

but the food and drinks were meh. 

We got the pork tacos, mac and cheese, some breaded chicken plate, and the fries. 

the only thing that was particularly stand out were the prok tacos with mango and jicama slaw. 

the breaded chicken was super average, tasted lemony and buttery and garlicky, but no real cohesion to the dish. 

the fries were, well fries. Nothing to write home about. 

The mac and cheese was okay, not particularly memorable, but i liked it bc well it was mac and cheese. 

probably won't be back, a ton of other places to hit up around here, and many other opportunities to pay extra for tiny plates of boug-ie food.
So glad we stopped in this place.  We were originally looking for a place on the Anthony Bourdain show, but it was closed.  With disappointment, we drove around for a little while looking for something else as we were starving.  Then we noticed the art district sign and thought lets just try this street and see if anything looks interesting.  Well, food was amazing and our waiter, Ivan, made it a memorable, comfortable & great experience.  Wish we knew about this place sooner so we could have returned before we left town.  Will definitely have return visits when we're in Vegas.  Mimosas! French toast was the best I've had!  Overall, A++
Disgusting and soo unpleasant!  Was dragged here with my girlfriend after a couple of my friends raved about it.  I don't even know where to start.

Atmosphere: Inside kind of looks like a bar/lounge.  Outside is a patio.  We sat inside as it's so hot out.  Unfortunately, on Fridays and Saturdays it turns into a 'club'.  Although the only people there were about 5 or 6 at the bar and our table of 6, the DJ still played the loudest, most irritating techno music throughout the whole meal.  We couldn't even talk to each other.

Food: Almost inedible!  I've had delicious mediterranean food before.  The food here was terrible.  The bread was hard.  My girlfriend called it poor man's bread.  We split the stuffed peppers and some garlic fries with herbs.  The fries were ok had they not been drenched in oil.  The peppers were so gross.  They had such a nasty flavor and were stuffed with some kind of mystery meat/rice mix.  It was all covered with a terrible white sauce with a weird dill flavor.  Our friend had a feta cheese stuffed pepper and it also had that nasty white sauce.  We ordered the tres quesos  pizza for the table and it was too cheesy and way too salty.  I prefer chuck e cheese over this!  Another one of our friends got the cheese in a clay pot and I can't even understand how that was edible.  It was hard chunky cheese and eggs with some veggies in there.  So gross.  

At one point, I had to go to the bathroom because I thought I was going to throw up.  The loud music mixed with the disgusting tasting and smelling food just put me over the edge.  

We will NEVER go back again!
I don't like wobbly chairs and tables and that's what they have here. Menu doesn't explain well what stuff is and I came for tapas but tapas that I like not to try some new form of meat.  Waitress was real pushy to have me get things she liked and I said no and she said "I thought you came here to try something new" and I said "not at all I came here to get food that I know I like and want".
The food I ordered was pretty good but what a painful process to get it.
I may come back but not without trying other tapas in the area first.
I've been wanting to try this place for a couple months, so when I got an email from restaurant.com advertising a $25 coupon for $2 it seemed like the perfect time to finally check it out.  The bf and I went on Friday night around 8pm and when we arrived there were a couple people at the bar, and that was it. Eating in empty restaurants makes me pretty uncomfortable, but we are always looking for places with a little character (and not part of a chain) so we wanted to give it a shot. After we sat down, the girl that was behind the bar came and took our drink order and gave us menus. There was no actual drink menu, which seemed strange for a place that supposedly has all kinds of infused vodkas and intl beers. Anyway, a couple more people trickled in and it seemed like they were all regulars. The bartender/waitress came back and took our order, but didn't write anything down and after I rattled off a few things she asked if we just wanted to start with that. Um, ok, but it's tapas and I'm hungry! There were a couple other things we had already decided on, but whatever. She did mention the portions of some of the things we ordered were small, which I expected from tapas, so we definitely wanted to order more. It's a pet peeve of mine when waiters don't write down orders--I'm sure some people really have fantastic memories, but 98% of the time I've had a waiter not write down an order it's gotten messed up in some way. This time was no exception. We were brought 2 different things that we hadn't ordered and had to remind her a couple of times what we had actually ordered. For a while it seemed like the girl was the only person working and since some of the people that had arrived after us were sitting out on the patio, she was a little all over the place and clearly needed help. A bit later another girl showed up (and FINALLY refilled my water) and things were slightly smoother after that. They were both really nice so I hate to complain, but they were just not on top of it. 

On to the food....first, we ordered a manchego, piquillo pepper toast which was ok, an eggplant dish that really needed bread or something since it was basically a dip (they did bring us bread when we asked for it), shrimp in garlic and olive oil and a Spanish tortilla. Everything had a bit too much oil (except the tortilla) and felt like it was just missing something. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great either. The tortilla was more like a frittata with potatoes than a traditional Spanish tortilla. We also ordered manchego on grilled toast (I looooove manchego cheese) and a pepper stuffed with feta--I think it was called burek on the menu. I didn't realize it was going to be battered and deep fried, so it wasn't exactly what I was expecting. The breading was a bit thick for my taste, but the melty feta inside was good. I wasn't really sure what to make of the creamy dill sauce it came with. It looked like it was going to be tzatziki, but it most certainly wasn't. Oh well. 

Since we had the certificate from restaurant.com our total bill (food, 2 beers and 1 cocktail) came to right about $30. That also included 18% gratuity (calculated on pre-discounted check per the certificate) so it was pretty reasonable. However, it bums me out when I use a certificate that requires gratuity to be automatically added and I receive shitty service. I think if we hadn't used a certificate and paid $55 for our meal I would've been more unsatisfied. I really want to give 2.5 stars, but I'll bump it up because I think this place has potential and I want them to succeed. I would try it again...but maybe just to have a couple drinks and a snack instead of a full dinner.
Upon entering Forte on my initial visit, my first thought was that it was very European. This wasn't just because it was dead at lunch, as most restaurants in Europe are, but also because of the eccentric decor, dark lounge-like feel, off-the-beaten-path location, and genuine hospitality. That, and the fully stocked bar featuring very cheap glasses of delicious European wines (this I would find out later).

I've over-ordered Forte at twice now, and though I can't say everything on the small plates menu is a winner, I can say I will keep coming back due to the aforementioned charming qualities and a few unique, inexpensive food highlights.

The menu is broken down by European country (mostly Eastern) and their corresponding regional specialties. Under Russia, you won't find any caviar or borscht, but you will find adjarkski kachapurri, which goes down the hatch more easily than it rolls off the tongue ($6.99). This consists of a freshly baked bread loaf akin to a short, fat French baquette, that is hollowed in the center and stuffed with cheese, butter, and a raw egg. If I lost you at 'raw egg' then let me elaborate. The egg is mixed in table-side and is cooked by the heat of the bread, turning the dish into a protein-filled vegetarian friendly dish that will change your mind about Russian food. The flavor of the crusty bread combined with the egg and cheese reminded me of a quiche, yet this was unlike anything I've ever had. Extra (yet unnecessary) points for that!

The section from Spain features a variety of chorizo sausages, amongst other items. We had the chistora and bilbao (each $2.50) which were fantastically charred and of fantastic value. These rivaled the Polish links at Costco as far as sausage bargains go, and were much better in my opinion.

One note selections included the chicken skewers ($3.25 each), sauteed shrimp ($6.50), and the Bulgarian shopski served in an adorable clay pot ($6.99). Though there are a few minor flops, the thing I love most about this place is that you can try a lot of different foods you've probably never heard of, and, if you don't like them, you haven't spent enough to regret having given them a whirl.

Coming back to the wine, I ordered a glass of Spanish Cosechero Blanco, which I was told cannot be found anywhere else in Vegas. Guess how much? $4.50!! The owner of the restaurant, who was our waitress on my second visit, and a gem in and of herself, offered to sell me a bottle at wholesale cost when I mentioned I liked it. So, I got a bottle for later that cost me just $8.20. That pretty much sealed the deal for me!

This is a place you have to be experimental and open-minded to go to, but if you appreciate other cultures and want to join me on my mission to support the mom and pops in Vegas, then you'll have no trouble mustering the strength to go to Forte.
Forte has an incredibly extensive menu that ranges from Spanish tapas to Russian and Bulgarian specialties, but I'll get to the food later because the MOST UNIQUE part of this restaurant are the numerous house Infused Vodkas:

 The "Garden Vodka" when used as a substitute for every ingredient in your Dirty Martini excluding dry vermouth, creates an Exceptionally tasty yet one of a kind Cocktail. And I'm not afraid to admit that I am definitely a cocktail snob ;D

There is raspberry infused vodka, potato infused vodka, various Grappas... The list goes on- you need to check this place out if only to discover the rest. In addition they have Banana Sambuca, and while it isn't infused in house it's definitely going to be a pleaser for adventurous types. The bar is very well stocked from recongnizable alchohol to imported beers and wine, and especially imported vodkas; So don't be afraid to get obscure, like small village in the Ukraine obscure.

Service- One thing I couldn't understand are the bad reviews preceding mine! You cannot come here expecting your service to be like The Olive Garden or some other heinous food chain. Forte is definitely an intimate atmosphere if you go early or on a weeknight. Thursday night is quietest. Because like most Eastern European bars/ casual restaurants they like to get a little rowdy with music! It's apart of the culture. They are having Jazz on Mondays though FYI. Service is personable and casual, and perfect for what it is.

The food is incredibly fresh and delicious. The egg boat had a name I won't even try to pronounce (see pictures), and is a dish I've never come across before. So happy I did! My favorites were the almond stuffed dates (Rich and Delightful) and the Feta Burek with its flaky delicate crust and creamy center- Mmmm. For dessert we had the biscuit cake which reminded us of Tiramisu at first glance, but had this incredibly soft texture and taste that did not resemble Tiramisu, and it was a sumptuous finish to a quite filling dinner. They have flavored cappuccinos as well! 

If I had to sum up this place in a sentence it would be:
Don't miss out!!
Russian and Bulgarian foods and if that is not enough some Spanish Tapas. This place is as good as it is diverse. The food is delicious and they have a great selection of affordable wines to go with the meal. I highly recommend the Spanish Chorizo Plate. Delicious. The salads were great and the Pita bread that comes with the meal is great. Just go easy because you will need your appetite for this meal. Share some plates and enjoy.
I had high hopes for this place based on the local press it has been getting.

Kind of funky interior, and definitely has a European feel to it

I spent some time with the menu and was a bit overwhelmed by all the dishes available

Finally ordered a few things, and while sitting at the bar ( keep in mind this is a non-gaming establishment )    I notice someone to my far left smoking and then after speaking with the waitress / bartender another guest starts smoking 2 seats down from me on the left.     I overhear the waitress / bartender say something to the effect of "Smoking is ok at the bar"

No actually its not OK,   you can't just make up you're own smoking policy.    Its disgusting and I refuse to eat anywhere that smoking is permitted - legally or otherwise

Before my food arrived I left

I will not be returning under any circumstances
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!  

Forte has an awesome euro-vibe: hip and so authentic.  My husband and I go about once per week and we haven't even come close to trying everything on the menu.  Some of our favorites...patatas bravas, tuna-stuffed tomato with hard-boiled egg, sofiiska baniza (feta-stuffed pastry), queso manchego canapes, stuffed peppers, stuffed cabbage...  Actually, I could just go on and on...oh the lattes, too - fabulous!

Elizabeth M. really captured the spirit of Forte in her review so I won't repeat, but I agree with everything she's written.  And after reading Adam's review, I am thrilled that he won't be at Forte when I go tonight!!

I am so glad we discovered Forte.  It is our favorite place BY FAR to just go hang out and casually enjoy a delicious meal.
I've been to Forte three times now and have not had a bad experience.  Here's the deal though, going to Forte is a different cultural experience and is not going to be comfortable for people who are expecting an Americanized Eastern European restaurant.

What I like about this place is the great, very European vibe it has - pulled together, comfortable, eclectic, loungy.  This place is very versatile with an ample porch, a great bar (I will say the bar stools are not great.) and a dining room with a variety of tables.  The walls are covered with a variety of odd and, lets say, eclectic art that would make any hipster coffee shop proud.

I find the staff pleasant and helpful and always willing to give you a recommendation from a menu that is unfamiliar to most.

The food is very comfortable and, to my taste, good.  Things Americans will perhaps know include Beef Stroganoff, Kebabs, and Hungarian Goulash.  Things less familiar will be Plov, a dish of rice cooked with meat and carrots, and Katchapourri, a bread bowl with cheese and an egg.  

The thing that gives this place the 4 stars, along with the atmosphere, is the bar.  On tap, they have Pilsner Urquell, Stella Artois, Sam Adams Seasonal, and Blue Moon for beers and a variety of Russian and others in bottle.  The bar is extensive and all is quality - I don't think I've seen a mid-range bar without plastic-bottled well liquors or even lower-end standards, such as Jim Beam and Wild Turkey.  Also, at Forte, they macerate a variety of fruits in vodka and brandy, and they are great!  I particularly like the Sour Cherry Vodka and the Gypsy Concentrate.

One final note is the pricing, which is great!  My last bill included two appetizers and two entrees, a draft, two double Knob Creeks, and four Sour Cherry Vodkas (full rocks glasses with ice) for a total with tip of $55.  As much as I love Herbs and Rye and Nora's, the same bill would have been doubled.

So, if you're interested in a really good, pretty authentic Eastern European bar/lounge/coffee shop/dining experience, go to Forte.
We decided to have a late night appetizer so we decided to stop into this establishment.  Upon entry we were welcomed by a sweet hostess and friendly waiter.  They have a great variety of dishes to choose from, but we selected a few.  We tried: 

MIxed Tapas Plate
Pitcher of Sangria
Stuffed Grape Leaves
Chicken Shich Kabob
and for dessert...
Tiramisu with Baileys coffee easy whip ;)

I thought the Mixed Tapas plate was mediocre and not as exciting as the establishment's environment.  The tasty kabobs, flavorful grape leaves and striking sangria definitely made up for it.  I would go back to try other items on the menu, but would definitely order the sangria and grape leaves again!
I really can't say there wasn't a thing I tried that I didn't like. We had a group so we were able to sample alot of dishes.
Cute small restaurant with bar area and outside seating, interesting artwork on the wall, and mismatched chairs adds to the charm.
Staff was helpful, the place was pretty empty so we got good attention.
Alot of us started with a Rose nectar juice vodka, it was light, and strong. We all sucked those down. A few others got sangria or wine.

We got complimentary bread with oil and vinegar, the bread was great, airy and chewy, crisp on the outside.
A  vegetarian friend got the Shopska Salad and she loved it, it was smothered in feta!
We got the Mixed Charcuterie Plate, which was different salami, pepperonis and such. Not worth the price.
The Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates, Wrapped In Bacon were Yummy with a capital Y!
We tried the Adjarski Khachapurri upon recommendations of a fellow Yelper, The bread was hot, it magically cooked the raw egg before our eyes. Delicious!
Beef Stroganoff over rice, I'm used to it with noodles but this version was okay, maybe a bit salty, but good.
Pelmeni, beef dumpling, it was okay, the meat was very peppery, which turned me off, very doughy but done nicely.
Blini W/Meat was good, a bit on the plain side.
Vareniki with Potato, reminded me of a pierogi, which I grew up on, very good rendition.
We dared to try the Stuffed Squid In Its Own Ink, it was good, tender, had a salty briney taste, I was pleasantly suprised.
The owner was nice enough to throw in complimentary pastries at the end. They were light twisted puff pastries with red jelly inside sprinkled with powdered sugar. Thank You! They were perfect.

I'd love to go back and try something else, most of what I sampled I grew up eating(except the squid), so I felt right at home.
Be warned - their online menu is not accurate and probably half of those things are not available anymore.  This was really disappointing to me.

I was part of April's party and she clearly paid more attention than I did so I'll just add my 2 cents.  We tried this place based on a recommendation from my Russian realtor.  

I tried the stroganoff and it was ok - not the best I've ever had but it wasn't bad.  Oh - and the rose nectar vodka - that stuff was good but man it packed a punch.  

I tried some sort of dumpling thing (what April mentioned, I think) and it was *really* good.  I wish I had ordered one of those just for me.  I tried the bread side dish (the description was similar to bruschetta) but it was boring and overpriced.  

That dessert plate the waitress brought with the pastries was excellent.  Those alone are reason to go back.  

The decor is weird - it looks like a bunch of tables taken from peoples dining rooms.  And the artwork is really weird too.

Overall I liked this place.  Its laid back and has current music playing in the background.  If you're looking for upscale this is not the place to go.  If you're looking to hang out and have some good food its worth a try.
WOW! what a fantastic night with friends spent exploring the foreign tastes of eastern Europe. A typical Russian feast, first satisfy your thirst, three rounds of Gypsy juice (house infused vodka w/ secret ingredients) and 16oz bottles of Bulgarian lager did just the trick. We ordered practically the entire menu, so I will inform you of only the most cherished dishes from the evening. Selyodka (salty fish with mash and a pickle), Squid in its own ink over rice, Bilini (crepe stuffed with meat), Pelmeni (meat dumplings best with sour cream). Needless to say it was a party, the only downside to Bar Forte is that you can smoke inside. I really cant stand smelling smoke when I eat, but if you get drunk enough you wont even notice.
Another tip from the safety girl.  You need to walk through the patio to get into this place.  The patio is too crowded with tables and umbrellas and you will need to step over the base of a very large umbrella to get across the patio and into the restaurant.  Be careful not to trip!

Ok, now that we have our safety tip out of the way, onto the restaurant.  There's a small bar towards the back with old school video poker machines along the wall.  Not at the bar.  It's more like the video poker set up you would see in a grocery store.  Lots of smokers in this area.  Interesting music videos on the TV screens.  Don't expect sports here.

We came on a Friday night and there was one waitress so service was pretty slow.

We tried the mixed tapas plate, which was just olives, garlic cloves, cheese, salumi, and bread.  Nothing exciting.

The Thracian with Lukanka was to die for.  Sausage, feta cheese, vegetables all cooked in a clay pot.  We had to ask for more bread to go with it and it took a while, but once we could dig in it was pretty good!

The blini with meat was also pretty good.  It's a thin crepe with ground beef served with sour cream.  Simple but good.  

The portion sizes are big enough to share but small enough so you can try multiple dishes.  

I liked most of the dishes but it took forever to eat here and I'm not grasping the ambience.  Maybe I am not European enough but, then again, I'm pretty sure grocery store video poker machines are not European. Still, looking forward to giving it another try.
I was somewhat surprised to discover on entering that the interior was Spartan and more reminiscent of a biker bar than a fine dining establishment. Our waitress turned out to be very informative and helped guide us through the menu.  We ordered Adjarski Khachapurri, Selska Ljutika, kiufte (sausage), Hungarian Goulash and a biscuit cake.  

For those who have not been to Bulgaria or Russia recently, Adjarski Khachapurri is a boat shaped loaf of bread served directly from the oven with cheese and a cracked egg that are cooked and mixed together tableside.  The Selska ljutika is a refreshing salad of tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and peppers tossed in olive oil.  The Hungarian goulash over mashed potatoes was excellent, but took second place to the biscuit cake which is described in the menu as a liqueur dipped honey tea biscuit layered with creamy mascarpone, decadent espresso and chocolate

The rating is closer to 3.5 than 4.
what a cool place. food is amazing, really delicious!! house infused vodkas.. what can i say? the best vodka I've ever tried, and I'm Russian, I do know whats good :)) Anyways, i live in LA, but everytime I'm in Vegas, this is the place where I meet with all my friends! Love this Bar/Restaurant!!
Forte is called "Forte" because that's exactly what their food is filled with - strength. They're a strong restaurant. To hold their fort down, outside of the restaurant are heavy-duty patio furnishings and a green metal gate with two different entrances. Just hop right in whichever side, left or right, and open the darkly tinted door. 

A server, Robert, greeted us and told us to choose a seat anywhere. There were candles to light the dining room. There was one other group that we saw and they were chatting in Russian. 

Apparently, the dining room is split in half and there are other dining tables further back and to the left side of the restaurant because the server went back there several times with food and drink.

I highly recommend trying the Selyodka, Adjarski Khachapurri, Thracian Cheese Clay Pot, and their Pelmeni Dumplings.

Selyodka: definitely fish and potatoes done right with some olive oil, dill and great pairing of flavors that really wow you

Adjarski Khachapurri: Refer to Frank W.'s review for a description. It's a great description. This one was delicious and the bread just sensational

Thracian Cheese Clay Pot: brimming with seasoning, but not overwhelming. So delicious

Pelmeni Dumplings: European jiaozi... mmm...

Very European vibe... food was excellent. I will definitely be back again!
Went here for a quick lunch a few weeks ago.  Food was very good, cool atmosphere.  It was my first time in a tapas restaurant and I'm eager to check out some of the others around town.  I'd go back to Forte anytime.
Utterly delicious. Had the chorizo con vino, almond stuffed dates,  herring and potatoes, jamon Serrano y Quezo, a few of the different dumplings, stuffed squid in its ink, stuffed grape leaves, these had a dill yogurt that I finished with the hot crusty bread, mixed spanish olives, and finished with a deliciously flaky baklava. Great place to hang out with friends and enjoy the food. Try the infused vodkas in the strange jars. Try the gypsy juice!

A bit divey but very cool
I love this place! The inside decor is so fun. And we decided to be adventurous and explore the Bulgarian food. We were intrigued and delighted with the various dishes we ordered.
The owner also has an Eastern European charcuterie and the meats and sausages were obviously high quality and worth exploring.
re: complaints of smoking, yes, there was a table of women chain smoking. They were far enough away to not bother us and my BF is very smoke sensitive. Not sure why they are allowing smoking when it's now illegal in restaurants.

You can tell the owners put their hearts into this restaurant.
Really cool little European infused restaurant and bar. A rare gem in LV. Decor is so fun, gypsy juice is delicious, and a great environment for small and large parties alike.
After reading about this fun new tapas place I convinced my finicky French fiancé to try it out, it took a lot of persuasion, but finding a new place that is open until 3 would be perfect for me and my friends because we work so late. Well this isn't the place to go because at 12:30 on a Saturday the week Forte was reviewed and recommended in seven magazine, they were closed. No sign, no notice just a waitress behind locked doors trying her best to ignore us. So we went to a chain restaurant, one that we knew would honor their hours. Boo on you Forte boo on you.
I have been going here since it has been open.  I love the atmosphere here and the food is very good and authentic.  My fiance is from Russia and agrees the food is very good.  It is nice to see many Eastern Europeans here at the place.  A big plus is they put on UFC fights for free!!!!  Nina the owner is very nice and awesome.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who desires a small, great Eastern European place.
The place gets 1 star for several reasons, most of all for trying to serve crap under the guise of freshly prepared tapas. One such example is their so called spanish tuna which they get from the can and afterwards add some sliced tomatoes and serve it to customers. I come from a cultural background where many of those eastern European dishes are common in our household so I know what those things ought to taste like, I cant say they were terrible but it was definitely not worth the price. Also having gone to Barcelona myself their so called jamon iberico was just another sliced up pork and nothing like the iberico from Spain. The squid stuffed with its ink came semi warm and had a nasty fish taste to it rather than what they make you believe. a combination of bad food, bad service, trying to make you believe that their food is something it's not (dishonesty) gets this place the 1 star review. It's no wonder that we were the one of two tables occupied in the whole place. Stick with firefly and your will be a lot more happier.
Checked this place out after seeing it on DDD on Food TV. It's legit. Excellent food. Friendly homey atmosphere with cool art and lively music. The Thracian Clay pot was awesome!  The sausages were as good as they looked on TV.
Horrible service and experience. After being ignored for thirty minutes I had to tackle down a waitress. This waitress (short blonde hair) didn't write down our order therefore they  would walk table to table with plates of food asking if it was our order. 30 minutes later we finally got out clay pot and it tasted gross as if it sat out for 2 days. We asked for our bill since the other half of our order wasn't ready. So we left and went to Bachi Burger.
1) just go!
On the whole, this restaurant does give a new patron a great slice of  European cuisine and it is worth noting that if you've never been here before that you should try it out because most of the food as it is now is delicious, but having been here in the past and knowing what these foods really were has really soured my experience.

It's been a long time since I had been back to this place since its first inception. Back then this place was one of the only occupied storefronts in a dead strip mall. This place had a menu that was meat and cheese heavy and showcased a wide assortment of Eastern Bloc varieties.

The appeal of this place in addition to the great food was the tell tale sign of a great hole in the wall joint: Authentic European food, sketchy European groups of men and women engaging in non-English conversation and a woman running the show who knew what was good and made sure you ate it.

The most notable things were:

Shopska salad
-It has the creamiest Bulgarian feta cheese. Don't mistake this feta for Greek feta. This is incredible.

Cevape
-Homemade fat finger sized sausages served with lepina, a type of yeasty flatbread.

Artisian Charcuterie Plate/Cheese Plate
-These 2 are definite musts for light eating and drinks

Leskovacka pljeskavica
-similar to the cevape in flavor but served like an over sized burger

There were also a few kabob-like meats and a few other sausages similar to the cevape that were so delicious.

So why the poor rating? Mostly due to the fact that what I described is what I was hoping to find on this most recent visit today.

Our waiter informed us that he was brand new and didn't know much of the menu or the wine selection. He also pointed out on each trip back to our table that nobody was assisting him as he was learning. I'll point out here that for whatever reason he was not our waiter by the end of our meal.

We got the Beef Stroganoff Ragu, Thracian Clay Pot, Chicken Soup, Chebureki, Bacon wrapped dates and the Beef and Lamb Confit. We were really interested in the Thracian Clay Pot as it was recently featured on a Food Network show.

The Stroganoff was ladled over wild mushroom plemeni, a kind of Russian tortellini. This stroganoff had a lot of creamy goodness but was completely lacking the meat.

I'll get to the Thracian Clay Pot shortly. The Chicken Soup was desired by my kids ages 8 and 6, as well as the bacon wrapped dates. The chicken soup was quite chunky with big chicken flavor. The first round of dates looked like they spent about 1 minute too long in the pan where one side was cooked good the other burnt. We were informed that the cook likes to cook it that way to which our reply was, "Please give us unburned bacon wrapped dates." They were very good about getting this order back after the rest of our items had come out.

The Chebureki was akin to a samosa where it is a flattened dough item filled with something and deep fried in this case, a delicious meat filling and topped with some dill and chopped scallions. Fairly standard in flavor and not served with any type of dipping sauce.

The Beef and Lamb Confit was tender and tasty served atop a small scoop of a dill and scallion rice. While this was tasty it was not a distinct one. My son said, "Is this corned beef?" And you know what? He was right. It did taste a lot like the type of corned beef I'd find in a chunky hash at Hash House a go-go. But that's for another review.

So now back to the Thracian Clay Pot. It would seem that during the shuffling of waiters for our table, either our waiter put in this order incorrectly or it was given to another table because we didn't get it during the course of them bringing the rest of our order. When we questioned why the long wait, we were told that it takes a while. We didn't get it after an hour after initially ordering and 30 minutes after reordering it. So I can't tell you how melty and delicious it looked and how it would taste, but the table next to us seemed to really enjoy it.

I'm not a vodka drinker so please read the other ratings for their extensive vodka menu.

This still doesn't really warrant the low rating based on the food. Where it really lacked was the overall experience now versus where it was. This place used to have people who knew the food, wasn't afraid to give locals some food they couldn't pronounce and keep true to themselves. Now, there are waitstaff that don't know the product and don't make you feel excited about their food.

If your looking for something new in Vegas and haven't been, your experience will most likely be 4-5 stars. It is not something that you will find anywhere else and that makes it unique. You will not have the displeasure of seeing a restaurant jump the shark.
5 Stars on Food. -- come here when its empty for a great meal.
2 Stars on Service -- if its crowded, or a line in front of you, walk away and come back another day.

Being of Eastern European descent, I'll try anyplace that serves borscht, sausage and pirogi, no matter what their language calls it.  We saw Forte on DDD and their Thracian Pot and Mixed Grill platters were a calling to enjoy.

Ate here on a Saturday night.  Their website suggests reservations which, if you want service, I'd recommend.  There were seven of us and we each ordered different plates, all cooked so well.  Everything was perfectly seasoned.  I think Forte put "Tapas" in their name because this place serves your food like its in Europe, which means that your food comes to the table as its prepared -- its not like in the US where every order comes at the same time.  We had some main dishes before appetizers but most all of it came out promptly and we were all allowed to share each others plates.

The Borscht was basic and tasty.  Like at a food court in Moscow.
The dolmas were great -- it reminded me that we haven't made any since our grape leaf sister-in-law ripped out her plant.
The lamb and beef confit were great.
Ask for a carafe of water at the table because service is slow when it gets crowded.
Feta fries were excellent.  Made us think of the last place that we loved feta fries and we still can't remember its name.
The Thracian Pot was excellent
The pirogies, although they're called something else in Cyrillic, were great.
The stuffed meat deep fried turnovers were okay -- could use some more meat in them.  The meat was seasoned and tasty, just could use a little more meat.
The Beef Stroganoff was very very good.  Its something I'll try to recreate at home.  Their sauce was so intense in flavor.  I'll get this again.

I can't think of anything that we didn't enjoy eating.  Unfortunately, they have some problems -- it appears no one want to be a server.  We watched as table after table of people would just get up and walk away -- leave.  They would be seated, and after about 15 minutes of not being waited on, just leave.  All the while, 3 people are behind the bar just hanging out, pouring some drinks but hanging out.  Maybe the waitress's called in sick that day, but I counted about 16 people get up and leave.  That's money walking and never coming back.  I also saw the people next to us sit for a good 30 minutes before being waited on, and then 10 minutes later for some bread, a draft beer and a soda.   Its quite sad because the food is great, but the staff is scaring away the income.
By the way, after everybody in our party of 7 were fed and full, I was still waiting for my mixed grill.  It was about the time where I was deciding whether to just stop by a fast-food on the way home or put out the wait that our server asked if we wanted anything else.  I told her I hadn't had my plate yet.  Another 15 minutes later, it came.  Great plate - 3 kinds of sausage, some cold white bean salad that's not slimy or vinegary, and a red pepper/tomato whip -- I forget the name.  The sausages are all great to try as each has their own flavor and texture.  I was glad I waited.    Next time I'm here, I'm going for the Stroganoff, probably the Borscht again, and perhaps something else.  If I don't have a waitress next time, I'm just ordering at the bar like in Europe.  maybe that's the gig.
Yes, I saw this on DDD.  Yes, I'm slightly embarrassed about that.  However, I'm more ashamed of the fact that this place is walking distance from my house, and it took my tragic Food Network addiction to draw my attention to it!

First things first...this place is pretty small.  There aren't a lot of tables, and the bar takes up much of the main entrance.  There is outdoor seating, but given that this is summertime in Vegas, and the restaurant faces westward, it's way too hot to sit out in the evening.  

Second thing - if you, like me, are vertically challenged, I highly recommend getting a seat in the restaurant area.  My group had a table in the bar area at first, and the chair was so high I actually had trouble getting on and off.  Comfy once I was up there though!

Service wise...this place was fine.  Our waitress was nice enough, but it didn't seem like she got our group's sense of humor.  She was efficient, but not overly friendly.  It was pretty busy, but we got everything we ordered in a reasonable turnaround time, so I had no issues with service.

The drinks were awesome.  I had the gypsytini to start the night, and although it's a "house secret" blend that my waitress couldn't describe, what I ended up with was a vodka martini that was lightly tart and fruity.  Very refreshing and tasty.  Another friend had the Ginger Lemonade cocktail, and the addition of fresh herbs like rosemary gave it a wonderful flavor.

We ordered a pretty decent array of food for our group.  It's hard to mess up almond-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates, so those were a fab way to start the night.  I ordered the varenikis, and I was a big fan of the fried onion topping.  The dumplings themselves were slightly cold, but it seemed like that had more to do with the sour cream juice (sorry for the lack of a more appetizing descriptor) cooling them down on the plate.  My buddy who hates onions actually loved the onions on this dish.

I grew up with a mom and grandmother who made goulash on a regular basis, and Forte's version was almost on par with my preferred version.  The chorizo we ordered was pleasantly smoky, but not as spicy as I would have liked.

One of my less adventurous friends actually ordered the adjarski khachapurri, which is finished table side by the server, who breaks the egg yolk and stirs it around to made a sort of custard spread for the bread boat.  Although he wasn't sure about it at first bite, by the time we looked up we had eaten the whole thing!  It was addictive and delicious, so definitely try it out.

All told we had six people, five of us with at least a couple drinks, and we ended up with a total bill of about $100 including food.  Not a bad price, and we'll definitely hit up this hole-in-the-wall next time we want something a little off the beaten path.
I wish I could give a higher review but my dinning experience just was not very good. I love this kind of food but the entire experience was way off. The chicken soup was tasteless, the chorizo was not very spicy and the sauce was like warmed red wine. None of the hot dishes ordered were hot, and several were way salty. The staff were like zombies, they were nice but going through the motions. It really felt like we picked an off night. I will try again as I always like to give a place a fair chance but I will not run back. Oh quick note ... I am not a big sangria fan but they served a vey tasty Sangria and a very tasty mojito.
I learned about this place from Desert Companion (KNPR's magazine). Tried it out with the bf on a Thursday night (around 9pm) and we're still talking about it. 

Ordered:
Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic, wine, olive oil)
Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta (marinate baby squid in ink over rice)
Beef and Lamb Confit
Vareniki (potato + onion dumplings)
Adjarski Khachapurri (soft bread boat filled with cheese + egg)
Tolumba (fried dough bathed in honey)
Ginger Lemonade (like a gingery mojito with a hint of rosemary)

All the dishes were standard tapas portions (except that bread boat) and completely delicious. I'm lactose intolerant and not a big fan of meat. Despite that, there were still plenty of items for me, plus some mighty tasty drinks. I couldn't eat the Adjarski Khachapurri because of the cheese, but judging from the single crumb left by my bf, it was pretty good.

We sat outside at roomy, slightly wobbly tables. Ice water was brought without us asking, service was consistently good, as are prices. The only downer was the cigarette ash that was left on our table when the hostess took the ashtray away. Nobody came to clean it off so we shifted to the next table.

We'll definitely be back to try everything that we didn't get around to trying the first time.
I really wanted to like Forte more than I did. I went in optimistic and came out kind of disappointed. 

Part of it was just bad luck. My wife ordered a diet coke and got light brown water because the fountain was down and the server hadn't noticed. She instead ordered a mango juice only to find that they were out. So she had a peach juice instead, which was good but tasted a little bit too much like canned peaches for my tastes. I ordered a mojito. It was plenty strong, but the bartender didn't use enough sugar and the mint was pretty obviously on its way out. I also don't think it got much of a muddle, if any.

The first thing they bring out foodwise is their house-made bread, which was nice and flavorful, especially dipped in the olive oil which is fruity and fragrant. There is a little wooden boat with herbs for the oil, only we weren't provided a spoon so it was difficult to use it. Not a big deal. We managed.

We ordered the pelmeni, vareniki, serrano and manchego, and garlic herb fries. The fries were tasty and they brought plenty of them, so if you're looking for filler it's a good bet. The garlic could have been a little stronger, but I'm kind of a garlic fiend so take that with a grain of salt. The pelmeni were juicy and delicious and the dumpling wrappers had bite and weren't waterlogged. The manchego and serrano was good, but I would have appreciated the ham being cut into pieces so we didn't have to hack the thing up every time we wanted some. It came with some alcaparrones (caperberries) that added some vinegar contrast to what is otherwise a fatty/salty dish.

The vareniki themselves were tasty, but the fried onions that came on top weren't fried - they were burnt. Instead of deliciously caramelized onions, I got black chunks of carbon with some residual onion flavor. Since the vareniki have a delicate flavor on their own, it overpowered the dumplings and killed the dish.

One other thing: the seating is mostly low cafe tables, so you end up kind of hunching over to get at your food. I think we'd have enjoyed it more sitting at one of the tall bar tables or even at the bar itself.

We're going to give the place another shot, because I don't think anyone should rule out a restaurant based on one experience, but this one wasn't entirely positive.
Absolutely amazing food! I am always the one to try something different and this was a great pick. 

Servers were wonderful, fast and attentive.

Food was amazing! We ordered Olive sampler, Borsht, Hungarian Goulash, Stuffed Peppers and the Thracian Clay Pot. EVERYTHING was superbly prepared. I will definitely be going back.
Very comforting yet different foods.  I went with a friend and had a daily special.  Egg, meat and potatoes were baked and paired with tomatoes in oil.  I had the Uzbekistan rice as well.  My friend got the grilled meats.  Everything tasted fantastic.  The meats were cooked perfectly, not dry like other places.  My dish was very homey.  I also loved the atmosphere, just as the chalkboard wall with Guy Fieri's signature.  Very cool place.
Not bad.  Quite interesting as they aren't the usual tapas.  Some very unique european influences.  I say it is good but with the other amazing tapas restos in the valley (maybe just cause i've had sangria at all the others and stayed dry here).  Worth checking out and the vibe is fun, but really could get better flavors for my personal pallette at elements, firefly, or barcelona.  Still you might find a unique favorite on their menu if u are willing to try!
My husband and I went to Forte because my parents saw it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and my dad literally pestered me for MONTHS about eating there.

We ordered sangria, some beef dumpling thingy (pelmeni), the bread with cheese and egg in the middle, the thracian clay pot and stuffed dates. The pelmeni and cheesy-bread thing were kind of bland. The clay pot was flavorful, with yummy sausage, and I think I would get it again. The stuffed dates were the only food we ordered from the Spanish tapas side of the menu and they were good but almost overpoweringly sweet (Firefly's are better!).

Service was ok; sometimes it was hard to flag someone down when we needed something. My husband greatly enjoyed the propaganda posters in the bathroom.
Saw this place on DDD on food channel while ago and finally had a chance to go there. Food was really really good! We tried octopus, bacon wrapped dates, boat shaped bread with picketed (not sour)cheese, and deep fried meat dumplings. We specially loved bacon wrapped dates (i don't even like dates!)and boat shaped bread ( ahhhhh, with that runny egg york makes it even tastier! ). Service was very attentive and friendly. Only if we didn't plan big dinner that night, we would have ordered a lot more food to try. I will go back there.
While searching on Yelp* for our weekly "food adventure" with my girlfriend, we came across Forte mainly because the Spain/Bulgaria description intrigued us!  

Located in a strip mall, Forte Tapas R & B has an unassuming exterior but boasts a mixture of Spanish/Eastern European kitsch that's not offensive to the eyes.  It offers indoor and outdoor seating but during our visit we opted for indoor to take in the ambiance of the decor.  (We would've sat outside  but during our visit, there was a food truck gathering that was blaring out really bad hip hop music.  That and the temperature was a million degrees that August 25th evening!)

We were seated promptly and our waitress take our drink order.  My girlfriend and I shared the Bulgarian beer called "Zagorka", which was  light and clean tasting with no lingering aftertaste.

We order the standard Almond Stuffed Dates, which was tasty.  Unless you are incompetent, you really can't screw up this easy dish!  My girlfriend orders the Lentil Soup, which she found to be very flavorful and earthy as lentils are by nature.  She also orders the Beef Stroganoff Ragu to round out her meal, which was very light and not overly cloying and rich as cream based meals tend to be.  

I ordered the Stuffed Baby Squid in Ink over Spanish Herbed Rice (Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta) for myself.  After watching "Bizzare Foods" I was always on the hunt for a restaurant that served mollusks marinated in its own ink.  All I can say is, "Wow!"  Do yourselves a favor, gentle readers and try this dish!  You may thank me later!  I also order the Chorizo simmered in Red Wine (Chorizo con Vino), which was good but left a somewhat oily aftertaste.  

Service was very attentive and knowledgeable when asked about the menu and establishment.  Our water glasses were never empty and the wait staff were quick and prompt and also took the time to chat with us, asking us how we liked the food.

I highly recommend this restaurant, especially when our bill came out to less than $55, minus the tip.  This place is a great alternative to FireFly if one finds that venue to be too crowded and loud.
I do not claim to be an expert on Eastern European Food or anything close.  We tried several items including all the ones that the menu recommended with their little icon.  In the end they were all edible...filled our stomachs...provided for some nice conversation pieces...but didn't leave anyone in our group wanting to run back anytime soon.

I would have shelled out 2 stars on the food alone.  The thing is though that even though Forte is trying a little too hard to be cool and inviting, they are doing a better job with their atmosphere than a lot of places around.

The drinks from the bar are A-OK as well.  I went a little safe with a Moscow Mule and I could enjoy one or two again sometime if I ever found myself here again.
You may consider me an expert. I can kill a person for a bowl of good borsht. I know that there are numerous variations of the recipe. The most disgusting version I had at Forte. Please never order it there. The person who prepared it should go straight to culinary hell. 

Borsht is not a bowl of roughly chopped crunchy vegetables lacking any taste or  flavour including salt. 

My second choice was Hungarian Goulash. Although I am not an expert on this I am capable to figure out that this dish should be not what I got: old starchy mashed potatoes covered with the sauce way too spicy for a goulash (think Indian or Thai level) with 5 tiny pieces of meat. 

I guess the waitress may have known that she is serving food not suitable for human consumption and therefore has never asked how was it. 

I am glad I didn't invite my friends to experience Easter European food at this place. I would be really embarrassed.
located in a strip mall this small funky place has some interesting food. Well made, fresh ingredients make Forte a place we will certainly go back to. Live music, great people make it even better!
Atmosphere, service, and taste add up to an experience that makes for a full dining experience. 

I was initially overwhelmed when I walked through the door. The space is plastered with posters of music artist, propaganda pieces, and a hodge podge of colorful artwork. The dimly lit room tames everything down, but also makes it look like a dive bar. The elongated dining area is spaced out with a total of maybe 10 tables. A few stools line the bar and a few tables are located in the front as well. During the winter months, those tables near the entrance will not be so enticing with the constant opening and closing of the door.

Our server, Elliot, was pleasant. Although he was taking care of the entire back area, he was able to control the pace. 

Our drinks took some time to come out, but with two people working the whole front of the house it is to be expected. The cocktails are not as balanced as I would like. I got the ginger lemonade and liked the spiciness of the ginger infused vodka. The citrus and sweetness was almost too much. It was as if all of these components were fighting for supremacy. 

The food was solid. The bread boat stuffed with cheese and a raw egg, adjarski khachapurri, was the it dish to try. The only thing we heard about from the tables around us was this dish was featured in Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. When Elliot presented it, we were impressed by how hot the content was. The center of the boat is hot enough to cook the egg when mixed with a fork. Tearing into this beauty with a light sprinkling of seasoning from the complementary bread was divine. Another dish worth trying is the beef and lamb confit served on a bed of rice. The starch is mixed with dried fruit, whole roasted garlic cloves, and herbs. We had also ordered the bacon wrapped dates because it is a staple when ordering tapas. Unfortunately they were not a hit. I did enjoy the sherry reduction. I ended up dipping the bread in it. Make sure to save room for the biscuit cake. It is prepared like a tiramisu and is ambrosial. I would scale back on the tapas to eat two of these.
I give four stars for the Thracian Clay Pot. YUM!!! My friend told me to order it, and I did, although it isn't something I'd usually order. It is SO GOOD, and occasionally I get a craving for that exact flavor in my mouth. Everything else was very good - I don't remember eating anything that I didn't like! I recommend this place to those looking for something different than their usual. It isn't somewhere I'd go all the time and call a staple, but I definitely see myself going 2-3 times a year. In fact - I can't wait to go back and have some more of that pot!!!
Loved everything ! Had the sausage plate which was out of this world flavor and the beans were incredible! Also had lentil soup which rivaled my own.
My wife and I went last night and Nina (the owner and star on DDD) took good care of us.  We tried all 3 dishes which were featured on the show (Adjarski, Tracian Clay Pot, and Mixed Grille) as well as the almond stuffed dates and the Garlic Fries.  The only thing we didn't have room for was the biscuit cake for dessert. Food was great and lets get to the good stuff, the cocktails.  

Must try the Angry Ginger lemonade with ginger infused vodka.  Also, my wife had the Sangria and she said it was the best she's ever had.  Finally, we tried a taste of Gypsy Juice.  Nina won't tell you whats in it but it is tasty.  All the drinks are very interesting and they even have a Russian beer.

Finally, atmosphere. Dark reds and Eastern European with a lot of interesting stuff to look at.

Overall, it was a small bistro thats easy to miss, but well worth the visit. Be sure to visit a fellow UNLV Rebel...
Had been trying to go to this place since seeing it on DDD, but every time I was in vegas I was unable to make it.  Its in a really weird spot.  Its in a strip mall between a cigarette store and a jewelery repair shop.  The windows are covered up.  Seriously, it looked like it was either closed or a store front for organized crime.  But when I walked in the door the difference is night and day, literally it's kinda dark.
Anyway I had the sausage combo.  I forgot what it was called. Possibly something with a lot of B's and K's.  Brokkfrughen or Krubbbrrnfffyka maybe; I don;t know.  But it was good.  It came with some navy beans and a sauce that I really enjoyed.  i believe it was made from pimentos or something.  Never the less it was delicious.
The service was kinda slow,  One lady seemed to be the bartender hostess and waitress.  I believe she was Russian.  Nyet,  Sorry thats the only Russian I know.  Wait.....Stolnichaya.  I know that too.
Anyway had the food, prices were reasonable and I would go back.  oh and try the Sangria I hear its a good cure for a hangover.
good food but its Americanized Russian/Ukraine food.
DDD was right on point with this place. Great service and atmosphere. Food was really good as well. Tried the Thracian pot and it was just like on TV . I think I'll try this place again soon
I saw this place on triple d and couldn't wait to try it.  Best place I've eatin in a very very long time.  PLEASE never change just continue to grow
Hubby and I have been trying to stop by this place for awhile since seeing it on Triple D.  What a disappointment.  We went on a Saturday and even though the sign said it was open, the restaurant did not open until noon.  Ran errands and returned to some very spotty service.  We had to ask for water refills and the deal breaker is having not bringing both dishes out at the same time.  We'd never been to this place and it would have been nice if the server would have explained what some of the dishes were before just leaving it up to their menu descriptions but she was in somewhat of a hurry since it appeared she was the only server.

Not likely to return but glad we went there to try.  A little pricey for what we got but you live and learn.
Saw this on DDD.  Wow!!! This place is amazing.  Great food, great atmosphere, great price!!!  Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  Take a look at their specials as they were quite delicious, decent portions for tapas like portions, and excellent price.  Their Georgian wine was fantastic.  I hope this place stays around for a while.  I am certainly going everytime I comeback to Vegas.
This used to be a go-to place for me, I am sad to say that has changed. They made some changes to the menu and removed a few items I really liked, the belini for one, and the service has just gotten bad. Last 2 times I was there we had a waitress, while very nice, who didn't speak enough English to take our order. When we asked for a single sliced meat she brought us a whole platter, when we reminded her we only asked for one thing she blamed us and told us to be more clear, really?
Just went here for lunch.  SLLOOOW but friendly service, my feeling is they keep a very bare bones staff, at least for lunch that is. Nina herself seated us, ask if we wanted water but never got it.  While does the restaurant just opened at noon, I noticed that not one of the 8 people seated when we got there  had any food or drinks and it was 12:30 pm when we arrived.   It basically took about 10 minutes for the waiter to ask us if we wanted anything to drink, and another 10 to bring us the drinks.  We realized that since we were hungry we better order our food with our drinks. 

We ordered:
Sofiiska baniza- My husband order this, which is filo with cheese...looks lovely, but it didn't look like light layery filo though, more like a bit too doughy.  My husband said it was dense and just "fine". (I don't eat starches.) 

Octopus over rice from the tapas menu.  The octopus was fishy for me, but the rice was nicely cooked, according to my husband. 

Mixed grill- It was very good, one of the sausage links was cooked way more than I like, almost dry, but maybe that is the way it is suppose to be.  Still tasty. The patty seasoning was assertive, but not overpowering.  I liked the red pepper condiment and the onions marinated with mint that come with the mixed grill, it also comes with beans which we didn't eat, but looked appealing.   It really is a good portion size, especially for the price.

Thoracian Clay pot- By this time, we were pretty full, but we loved this and ate it all, but  it reminded me of a great breakfast dish that could easily be made at home, because the little clay pot had sauteed tomato, onions, bell peppers, feta, a few slices of charcuterie, and what probably should be a baked egg with an oozy yolk, but our yolk was cooked through. Still it was delicious. However, that little tasty claypot maybe way too small of a portion to satisfy a very hungry person if this is all one orders.  

You can tell almost everyone in the restaurant that this was their first time.  I guess inspired by DDD.  Yes, sadly and quite embarrassingly, I saw it too and wanted to go.  While I am not above them, I think the "foodie" want-a-bes were pretty annoying...one actually playing the DDD episode on his phone, and two old but very plump ladies asking annoying (stupid) questions to the waiter about the owner and trying to get EXACTLY same menu as on that episode of DDD...as if it was a tasting menu.  

Cool environment though, better if I just want to hang out, relax and have a few drinks at a VEEERRY leisurely pace.  I am glad I gave it a try, but probably won't go back, definitely not for lunch.  

My advice: definitely try this place out, but don't go here for a "quick" lunch on your lunch hour.
In Vegas...this is a good as it gets for great food at AMAZING PRICES. Let me stick with the value comment here....Literally, nothing costs more than $10. If you're tired of the usual hotel eateries and yes there are hundreds of absolutely amazing places in LV, try Forte. I found this place, er should I say my husband found it watching diners drive in's and dives (a show I can't watch but he LOVES) - Paul and I have been to a few of the show's recommendations in L.A. and they weren't bad so I was not adverse to the suggestion of having lunch away from the usual confines of the strip hotels, plus I was excited to bring my girlfriend Zana, who recently moved to town, to a place that served some menu items from her homeland of Serbia. 

We arrive at the restaurant in a fairly large but unassuming strip mall, and walk into the just the cutest place ever. Art on the walls, deep rich colors and a huge beautiful bar and a small cozy dining room. For lunchtime on a holiday week it was crowded enough so that my party of 6 had to wait a few minutes for a table large enough to seat us opened up. The owner was so sweet and nice offering my pre-teen nieces flavored sodas from Spain while we waited and sipped our wine.

Serbian Hamburger....don't knock the name. It was the best thing I had there among amazing stuffed grape leaves, grilled meats, rich chickpea soup and the lamb and beef confit over rice was almost like a jumbalaya. Other good picks are the pan con tomate and this dish that comes in a super hot individual pot that has beef/sausage, tomatos, onions, spices, an amazing broth, cheese and an egg for good measure. It's apparently an very old dish dating back to ancient Greece.

I am soooo going back for dinner next time and will take a taxi and leave the kids so we can take our time and enjoy the wine.
Forte is fun! I love the traditional Euro atmosphere. From the Russian music to the decor, it is a must try!  

We started out with their  "Gypsy Juice" martinis. It's a house secret but I can tell you it's to die for. It's not overly sweetened but it has a blood orange citrus flair. 

For apps:

 we went for the Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta. Stuffed baby squid, marinated and served in their own ink over rice.... They were pretty good, but not my favorite. I would have preferred calamari stuffed with something other than.... calamari. It was basically squid stuffed squid. This is why It's only a 4 of 5 stars 

2. the Mercona Almond Stuffed Dates, wrapped in bacon.. BACON! How can these NOT be good?... DELICIOUS!!

Finally #3-  Beef & lamb confit,  slow cooked, fork tender beef and lamb. I'm a fan!!

Our "Tapas Entree" was their food network famed Thracian clay pot. It's Bulgarian stile Charcuterie (sausage), feta, peppers, tomato and egg. It was fun and really good.
It was Interesting... and decent... but I should of saved my money... I watched Guy give this place raves on TV... I am not sure it's all that... but over all interesting food that was good. :-)
I was visiting this place from Los Angeles. Once I stepped in the place it went all wrong. It isnt walk in dining, there must be a reservation which I found that out after waitibg at the entrance for over ten minutes. There wasnt a welcoming enviornment there at all. Id say it was because I was the only person of color there but thats a stretch. The food im not sure but the service here from my experience was AWFUL
I'm sorry but I have to retract my original review. My husband got food poisoning from their calamari. It was the only thing that we ordered that I didn't eat. I took a small bite but something in me told me I didn't like it. I have a good sense for food quality. 

My husband agreed that it didn't taste like it was bad but the calamari was not hot enough and we think it wasn't stored at proper temperatures. I've been in the food business for years.

Although most of my orginal review was accurate outside of the calamari, I can't get past the fact that my husband was sick for two days because of them. 

NEVER AGAIN.

There are toooooo many upscale restaurants in Vegas to waste time with places like this. They got lucky to land a small feature on the food network.
Had some hits and misses with this place. I always re-order the same thing after some of the "misses". Now it's just shopska salata and Adjarski Kachapurri (spelling may be off). Mixed drinks, I've had better. Wine list, not too shabby. Some of the servers aren't the sharpest knife in the drawer. Service can be a bit slow. It takes forever to get your bill.
I heard this place was small so I was nervous they were not going to be able to accommodate my party of 10 on Sunday night. Luckily, everything worked out perfectly as they seated us at their large family table with benches. I think there was only one other table of customers so we basically had the restaurant to ourselves! Sunday nights must not be a big night for them but we didn't mind.

Regardless, this place is really funky inside. The artwork on the walls, the music, and the vibe offers a fun and offbeat experience. They have a fairly extensive selection of beers, wine, and cocktails. I had the Angry Ginger cocktail which was basically ginger infused vodka in lemonade with muddled mint. It was like a mojito lemonade, but with a ginger kick. Delicious!

We shared two orders of the Georgian bread for the table. This is their famous boat bread with the egg and the cheese in the middle. It was a huge hit! It takes a little longer because it's baked fresh right then and there but once it hit the table, everyone dove in. 

The menu is kind of funky so with a party of ten, we just jumped in and ordered a ton of items. We ordered a few Spanish tapas for the table, then a few entrees to share. Some people ordered soups and salads, etc. Overall, I think we did it the perfect way. There wasn't a morsel of food left over and everyone left satisfied. Not one person was unhappy with the food. It was truly delicious and fresh. They are really doing it right in that kitchen!

I had to order the clay plot specialty after having read all about it on yelp and seeing it on Triple D. Once it arrived, I was surprised - it was really not anything special. I thought it was going to blow me away but almost every other entree was much more of a delight. I would skip it next time. 

Highlights were: Georgian bread, Beef Strogenoff, Pelmeni, Mixed Grill plate.
Man, I am hating to have to give this place only 3 stars, based on food quality and prices, this place is easily 5 stars, but we had some weird service related issues that tipped the scales ...

1. It was hot and stuffy inside the restaurant so we asked our waitress if she could prop open a nearby door. The door was locked but it had a sign on it that read 'Must remain unlocked during business hours' so then our waitress just said 'no that door is locked' and even though we pointed at the sign, she made no attempt to fix the situation, it was pretty rude.

2. After we ate the hostess called us 2 cabs, but only one showed up, and since this restaurant is far off the strip, cabs are essential. So when we tried to go back into the restaurant to arrange another cab, it was locked! They locked us out!!! The restaurant wasn't supposed to close for another hour, sheesh, it was a cold night.

Anyways  ... on to the food:

The grill plate is outstanding, the sausages are dry and firmer that what you may be used to but they are full of flavor. The stroganoff was everyone's favorite, the dumplings were amazing and the sauce of delicious. The claypot was a big disappointment, all the ingredients individually were great but together they did not mesh well.  The egg bread is a must, not because it's so tasty but because it's a unique dish. Overall excellent food, reasonable prices, but sketchy service.
Great authentic food in a world of overpriced tourist chains.  Found it on DDD and will definitely return.  And to top it off, not a single dish or beverage priced over $10!
Learned about this place from watching Guy Fieri on Triple D. This place is def. off the beaten path, but well worth the trip if you have a car while in Vegas. The owner is pretty good looking, and the female server at our table was also strangely hot, in a very European way. 

The menu is full of dishes that I can't and won't even try to pronounce, but I dare say that most meat lovers will like their Mixed Grill. The meat was well seasoned and very tasty. Almost felt like I was in Eastern Europe, but without the death metal heads and bad Jason Bourne Villains. 

The bread dish with the egg cracked right in the middle is good too, for all you carbo lovers out there. Prices are way cheap, making this a great destination for foodies in Vegas. HInt- if you want to know what Guy ordered they have little icons in the shape of his head next the dishes.
FUN! This place is a funky bar with another world feel to it, I feel like I had been transported to Eastern Europe for the night, FUN!! Both the wine and food menu are diverse and interesting with lots of options for meat lovers and vegetarians alike.

Note, try the bread with the feta baked into it its AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Been here a couple times. very good every time! First saw it on the food network, Guy Fieri does a episode in Vegas and forte was featured.

The inside is decorated all European with posters and pictures of European things. its average size inside and has a full bar also. The staff and service are always very good. 

Ive tried a lot of things and i can never remember the name because its in bulgarian/ russian / or some other language. My favorite though is the meat platter they have.
Its 3 different types of meats sitting on top of diced onions. Comes with a little tomatoe paste and beans. Very flavorful and delicious.

I would definitely come back to hear for lunch/dinner because its very good.
Try this one , Bulgarian deal was scared but don't be . Great  new seasonings for me. Chicken soup A+ , Cured truffle meats, Good real good. Salads excellent. Nice to find something new, different & simple. Enjoy.
Will not return.  Food was lacking in flavor, as well as being brought to the table in a haphazard way.
This was easily the best meal we had in Las Vegas last weekend!  The drinks were amazing - in presentation, flavor, and inventiveness!  The food was amazing as well - so delicious and fun to share.  The staff was really great - we loved the laid back vibe.  Very European and funky feel.  If I lived here I would eat here all the time!
I have been to three Balkan restaurants here in Las Vegas over the past few months. I have been trying to visit Forte after meeting Chef Nina and sampling her food at a taping of American Chefs but my schedule did not permit.  

Finally last evening my dear friend from Belgrade surprised me with a special treat for my birthday,  dinner at Forte.  No matter your cuisine preference this restaurant offers comfort food executed elegantly with no pretense what so ever.  

The Shopska Salad, best I have ever had the pleasure to eat,  with Persian cucumber, tomato, sweet softened green pepper and Bulgarian feta - a classic and even though one is big enough to share , don't fool yourself you will finish the whole dish.  The stuffed peppers - words cannot describe. Guy Fieri got this one right!

As a bonus the patio, the subtle decor and the warm ambiance, Chef Nina has brought Eastern Europe to Las Vegas - do yourself a favor - get there sooner rather than later! I am looking forward to the caviar and few more Balkan favorites on my next visit. 

KD
This is one of the best finds in las Vegas!   6 of us went to dinner and tried everything on the menu.   The only one we did not like was the pot of food with the egg.   It looked great but the combination was not there.   We would recommend this place everytime.   The second visit was as good as the first.   Very consistent!  Exceptional Food and presentation!
I adore this place!  It's an eclectic cozy spot great for friends and families.  Good food, strong cocktails, toddlers allowed and great conversation, what more could I ask for?  Come in around 6pm on a weekend to get the full vibe of this place and its piped world music.  

They have great house bread served with olive oil and Bulgarian spices (yum), and we've tried most of the tapas, all good.  Our faves are the Spanish blue cheese (queso picon), the khachapurri (its a cross between bread and croissant with pickled cheese and a cracked egg), and you can try the chorizos as well (check out my food shots). My husband loves their Serbian burger... it's a tasty patty with buns, sour cream and diced cucumbers. If the place is packed, you have to be patient with the food service.  

Our bill for bread, 7 tapas and 5 strong cocktails was $95, good for 3-4 people.  We will definitely frequent this joint, so happy it's in our area!
Everything on this menu is out of this world. Please get the biscuit cake - you won't be sorry! The ambience is great. There is a steady soundtrack of electro pop to get you grooving. It was on Diners Drive ins and Dives for a reason!
I love everything about this place except their slow service, which is why I'm only giving it a 3 star.  Their food truly is exceptional, but their service need some improvement.  I've been here a few times, even at nights less busy, and have always gotten the same service.  Slow and inattentive staff.
I was asked if is like to sit at the bar and I did. The bar is very uncomfortable so I moved to a high top table nearby. I sat for 20 minutes with no menu or anything. Both servers walked past numerous times without even looking my direction. There were only four or five other tables in the place.

I have been a server and can overlook a lot of things, but this was unacceptable. I finally left and as I walked past the host/server at the front, she said nothing.  I'm sad because the online menu looked excellent, but I am so peeved at the service that I don't think I will ever return.

Forte needs to learn how to treat a customer!  Also,I would have given it zero stars if yelp would let me. Stay away!
I heard good things about this place and they were true.  Cool ambience (if you don't mind some old school propaganda) and all the food I had was very tasty.  Good, authentic Eastern European tapas and some of your normal Spanish style tapas fare.  Fair prices.  Highly recommended.
Great spot to get off the Strip and unwind.  Menu is unique, food was very good and the atmosphere was like a good massage.
Went to Forte on a Girls night out.  amazing little gem hidden in Vegas!! 
I am a big fan of small restaurants that have an amazing menu! 
From the fries loaded with fresh herbs and shaved Feta cheese to the Beef Stroganoff.
Drinks? OMG.......Delicious!!  We all had one called Jackass, its a take on the Moscow Mule and  we all loved it !!!
Serve in a Cooper keg cup   this was a mixed drink of Ginger Beer, vodka and Limes. 
Fantastic!!
I took my wife and mom here for mothers day as I saw this in a book of top 100 restaurants and mom love beef stroganov which they serve.  

I tried to order a wine, they did not have it.  I tried to order another wine, they did not have that one.  Third time was the charm.

I like the lamb confetti ap, very good.  My goulash was not really hot when served.  I had a soup with pickled meat that was interesting and tasty.

The honey cake for desert was tasty.  

I would go back if in the area, but this will not be a regular place I visit.

My service experience was good.
Great tasting food and service was prompt and friendly.  Hip new place with great music and late-night theme.  The Forte Fries is a must.
Overall A
Food A
Atmosphere A
Service A
Pluses: Nice Music
Minuses: None
Had the Beef and Lamb Confit, wow the flavors in this dish were a nice suprise. Next had the Mediterrean Salad, full of mint, tomatoes, cucumbers, spanish olives and basil. Also powerful flavors in the best way possible. Next had the Gambas shrimp sauted in garlic and wine, olives and lemon. yummo. Bread served with your meal was fresh, light and lovely. Washed it down with a Sangria Forte and for dessert a shot of Rum. Unique Russian food at affordable price.
Have had the pleasure of enjoying Fortes food many times in the past two years but just writing about it now. Lastnight, came in with wife and baby. Great atmosphere and food came up very fast. Happy to report that all the changes since the last visit have only improved forte to a whole new level. I feel as if it's a place to go if you are in the industry after work, or even as a causal guest. There is something on the menu for everyone and, more importantly, something new for everyone to try. Giving 5 well deserved stars becuase the owner obviously cares about her guests, as she is always there to give a personal touch to the venue. The only thing that I would say that I commented on was the amount of staff working. Just seemed like too many, but maybe they had a party coming in or something. Happy Cooking/Eating!
I love this place. Saw it on the tube and went like several other folks......I've been several times and never been disappointed. First off, I'm the kind of gal that loves dill, pickles, tomatoes, mint, basil, feta cheese,boiled potatoes and so on.....I was married to an eastern european guy for a hot minute and the best thing about the marriage was his Mom's cooking....So needless to say, I'm a fan. Regardless though, I have a good palette and having eaten a fair amount of traditional eastern european food, I do consider myself qualified to give an opinion. Which is why I am so baffled at some of the bad reviews on this site....Seems like maybe folks, both at the restaurant and those writing the reviews might have had a couple of bad days. 

The prices? Awesome. The food? Awesome. The service? Every time I've been there, Awesome. Last time I went in I looked a hot mess having just driven 11 straight hours coming from Wyoming on a Sunday, starving like mad cause the entire state of Utah was closed for church. Which is cool for me, but I share that to say that  the circumstances of my last visit to the bistro were less than ideal. Ratty road trip clothes, hair and face, walking stiff like Frankenstein, and still, they greeted us with a smile and a cool drink. Seated us right way, the place was full, and brought us delectable treats to nom. We had wine, a roy rogers, goulash, salad and some damn good chicken meatballs and potatoes. Bill was $33 bucks. YES! AH love this place. I'll go back forever.
Heard about Forte's from Guy Fieri and I have to say he did not disappoint.  I am always looking for something different and reasonably priced. The food was fantastic.  This was my first visit so I ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill which had 3 different types of sausage all made from scratch and delicious.  It came with a white bean salad and a tomato sauce dip.I  rate that dish 10 for 10..
The waitress suggested I try the Vareniki which was a potato dumpling with fried onions and OMG she was right another hit.  Food was soo good I had to bring my room mate home some Beef Stroganoff and Baklava for both of us.  Did I mention the atmosphere and service were great also and we sere surprised with some entertainment also..I will be returning to try other things on the menu... By the way everything was priced reasonably with good portions.
Great food and service.  Very European feel and food was just like my dad used to make.   We'll be back to try more tapas!
I want to be fair to Forte, it was busy and most people seemed to be enjoying their meals so maybe my tastes are not the norm for usual repeat customers but I was not overly impressed with the flavor palate of the food.

But the two stars is about the service, or lack thereof.  We made reservations specifying a birthday, that was ignored as were we for the first 10 minutes after being seated.   Nothing came quickly, no apologies for the slow service and we had to ask for refills to our water 3 times before anyone brought us some.  There was a large birthday celebration just beginning to set up while we were there and MAYBE that threw them off but then be aware of it and apologize to those who got bad service because of it.  I didn't see anyone who could be called a manager there.

Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and the food and recommended her favorites.  She was from Russia and I trust that what we had would have been considered good by those familiar with the food.

The decor is funky but nice, the guy playing the guitar was reserved and nicely in the background but you can't excuse the slow service.   And maybe the food was good just not up to my tastes and I do think I am adventurous.

Maybe the popularity of this place was the mention of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives which I didn't see but they promote their appearance on it a lot.

We won't be going back or recommending it to others.
Our friends are regulars at Forte and we joined them for dinner. On previous visits they have always had a wonderful experience. Also the Yelp reviews are positive and the visit by Diners Drive Ins and Dives was excellent. Our visit was on Saturday July 20th. The place was nearly full and included a large group celebrating a birthday.
The dining room has an Old World comfortable feeling and the wait staff is friendly and helpful. Service was excellent up to the up to the point of placing our dinner order.

Items ordered were Chicken Salad, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Hungarian Goulash and Thracian Clay Pot. While waiting, a glance around the room reveled that very few tables were receiving their food. Our server apologized for the wait and told us that our dinners would be out shortly and the entire meal with cocktails would be complementary. 
We waited one hour for our food.

The Stuffed Grape Leaves were appetizers however we received something else and it was returned and replaced with the correct item. Several other items were not up to our satisfaction. The Hungarian Goulash was over salted and the dish was refused. The Thracian Clay Pot was heavy on the cheese and light on sausage. It did not look like the one made on the Diners Drive Ins and Dives show. There must have been something seriously wrong in the kitchen on the night of our visit. I hope this was an isolated situation that the owners of this authentic European restaurant can correct. 
We would like the mom & pop places to survive.
I've been hearing about this place for some time now and was excited to try it. It's crazy that it took us this long to make it here since it is a stone's throw from our house. We went for lunch and it was pretty empty with only one waitress working. She was attentive but as the place started to fill up she got a bit overwhelmed. The bread they bring is phenomenal and when paired with the oil and spices I felt like I didn't need anything else it was so good. I ordered the Chebureki (Georgian style, deep fried beef dumpling) for us to share; the dumplings were very tasty the beef was very flavorful. They reminded me of an empanada in shape and pastry but the taste was very different. For our main courses I ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill (3 sausages) and my bf ordered the Goulash. I liked two of the sausages a lot, the third was ok just not for me sadly I don't know which was which. The beans that are served with the dish are very good if not a bid over oiled, i did not care for the red dipping sauce it is served with. My bf's goulash was very tasty though the serving was small and it was a bit on the salty side. We really liked the atmosphere of the place, there is tons to look at, the discotheque music was terrible and if it weren't for that we probably would have stayed longer. All in all we will certainly be back if for nothing else then to try the yummy looking biscuit cake.
After a long drive (9 hrs), it was refreshing to step into this friendly place.  We were seated very quickly and just as fast had bread with seasoning and dipping sauce to try.. fresh and flavorful... which also goes for the great salad, the bulgarian mixed grill (excellent) and hungarian goulash (ok but not amazing).  the salad was loaded with fresh everything and the feta cheese grated all over it was perfect.  then the biscuit at the end.. I was already stuffed but had to try this dessert which melts in your mouth.. the only thing better would have been coffee with it but it was gone before coffee could have arrived, so order your coffee in advance.  At the end of the meal Nina stopped by.  it was nice to meet her and thank her for the quality she is committed to as she brings old world foods into a modern atmosphere.  Great job of respect for family and tradition while doing something new.   Im already looking forward to my next trip to Vegas so I can come back and bring more friends.
I'm shocked at the few bad reviews I see for this great place.  They mostly seem to be about the service and not the food.  My wife and I had a great experience and the food was fantastic.  My grandparents are Polish and Ukrainian, so I grew up eating some similar foods.  Similar but not the same.  The dishes have a different spice profile and are more delicate.  The food we had was delicious.  The borscht beat my grandmothers.  The pelmeni are tender and so tasty.  We had both the stroganoff and the plain with sour cream and dill.  We had the Thracian clay pot ... yummy.  We also had the Khachapurri which is a bread with a cheese and egg filling.  Also delicious.  They have a nice selection of vodkas, wines and beers too.  Our service was outstanding.  I think she was the owner, but she was friendly knowledgeable and very engaging.  

I highly recommend checking this place out in Las Vegas.  It was better than any meal we have had in the Bellagio I can tell you that.  The final bill of $45 including drinks beats most of prices on the strip as well.
This was our first time at Forte. Initially we were a bit concerned about the food considering the interior design of the place. However, the food was definantly good, the spices were unique and not bland. The interior decor grows on you as you sit back and look at all the newspaper and media clippings on the wall...feels authentic and almost makes you feel like your in another time and place. 
Service was good when we got service...however, i was surprised that they had one individual working the front (serving, ordering, hosting guests)...this caused some interesting service experience. 

For me (im from eastern europe), the food was good enough to surpass all the negatives about this place...i would definantly come back.
This Beautiful Authentic Gem is the best kept secret in Vegas.  The body and mind are lifted the second you walk in the door. The Food is made with integrity and Love. When the food is prepared with this much love, you can taste it in every bite!
Incredible meal and experience!   Bookmarked forever, I finally made it happen with a group because I wanted to try several dishes and needed lots of people.  My best friend from middle and high school came in from Boston for a short weekend visit.  Last year when she visited we went to Komol with Carmin H. and Cole R., and they wanted to join in on our Forte dinner with me and Eric R.  I made reservations for 7:00 and we were seated in the back corner of this artistic and funky restaurant and bar.

I ordered prosecco, Carmin H. and Nithya V. ordered angry ginger lemonade cocktails, Cole R. had a giant dark beer of some sort, and Eric R. got sangria.  We then ordered in waves and the food came out quickly and staggered perfectly.  Our server (Christina or Kristina) was fantastic.  She offered us a bread basket that was replenished upon request, served with olive oil and Bulgarian spices.

The plates were so intricate and pretty, all the way from Bulgaria.  Our first bite was the Shopska salad, with cucumber, tomato, and lots of Bulgarian feta.  Next was the squid stuffed with baby squids cooked in its own ink served on hot rice.  I loved the rice that came with it, a squeeze of lemon...delicious.  The squid itself was more room temperature but definitely tasty and unique.  On our server's recommendation, we ordered potato dumplings with fried onions.  I was shocked to discover that NIthya V. like my husband did not like potatoes!  Two crazy people exist!  Nevertheless, I went with the rec and all 5 of us ate one.  Both potato haters enjoyed these dumplings!!!!  They were scrumptious.

Eric R. ordered one of his fave things, hot meat stuffed grape leaves, also recommended by our grape leaves expert friend Mamie P.  They were very good.  Finally the dreamy bread (kachapuri) came, shaped like a boat filled with cheese, topped with egg, swirled at the table.  I cut this haphazardly into 5 pieces for the table and it was so hot, no wonder the egg cooked on it!  Sooooo good.

After watching Triple D, Nithya V. wanted to try the Thoracian clay pot.  We ordered 2 for the table, one with meat and one without.  I ate the no meat one and it was amazing.  The serrano pepper was legit with it, and I liked the combo of the cooked egg, tomato, peppers, and feta.  This is a must order.  Lastly, one of Eric R.'s favorite dishes came out, beef stroganoff.  We have only had this on egg noodles, so the dumpling/ravioli style made this dish unique.  I could taste liquor in the sauce, which can only be a good thing.

Overall, every bite of food I put in my mouth was tasty, fresh, and unique.  I would absolutely return with a group of friends to try more.  The vibe is funky, the service great, and the food special - you won't find this anywhere else in Vegas.
First time here. Had an anniversary meal with family. Very nice atmosphere and wonderful service. Never had Bulgarian food before so this was a great experience. Drinks are a little pricey but the food is very reasonably priced. The cheese and jelly platter was tasty but small. Main courses were excellent and bountiful. Particularly enjoyed the lamb dish and sausage mixed plate. Definitely worth a trip. Everyone must try the biscuit cake for dessert.
This was unfamiliar cuisine for me but I went with a friend that would help steer me towards foods I'd like. We shared charcuterie and a few other dishes and each tasted different and were excellent. 

Restaurants like Forte created examples of the difference between independent and chain restaurants. The atmosphere, service and food were unique and top notch. 

This is the kind of restaurant worth leaving the Vegas strip for. The locals should cherish that they have such a restaurant.
The atmosphere was great.  The theme and the ambiance were nice.   The food?  Well?  While an average American can't tell the difference between a beet soup and a borscht,  a Russian most certainly can.  And while the chebureki and  the stuffed peppers looked like a miniature version of the real thing,  they were a pretty far cry from it.  The vareniki while needed more salt in them did taste pretty authentic.  If you want to get some idea of Russian food without going to urban.  This is the place for you.
Nice atmosphere, a little tight but cozy place. Happened to see this place show cased on Triple D (Food Network) so figured might as well give it a shot while I was in Vegas. Food is different but tastes great. Portions are a bit small and you may end up spending more than you'd like but it's a nice experience trying something different. Feta cheese fries were awesome. Not the kind of food you eat every day but you'll become a bit more cultured after experiencing. Give it a shot you won't be disappointed.
Recently stopped by here the last time I was in town after seeing it on DDD, and all I can say is what a welcomed and refreshing change of pace from the usual internationally-inspired restaurant. It really is an authentic European experience taking influences from a range of countries, many of which don't get represented much if at all in the states, and mashes them together into a melting pot of awesomeness.

The adjarski khachapurri, beef stroganoff, and beef and lamb confit were all excellent and seriously flavorful. They do the food right here, and some dishes take time to make. So relax, order a drink, and just enjoy the atmosphere of this place while your order is being prepared. The exceptionally good food, along with the friendly and attentive service, and funky-cool interior made it well worth the cab ride off the strip.
absolutely amazing as always. ive been coming in for about a year and the service food and drinks are always great. prices are fair but the owner will make u the best drinks u have ever had, not to mention her awesome paintings through out. 

well worth the visit.
If you claim to be a foodie you have to try this place.  The location of the restaurant is questionable but it makes it a neighborhood gem.  Ask you server what they recommend and enjoy being transported to Europe!

The service was fast and excellent.  Take a look at the beer selection as well.  Personally I recommend the Hungarian Goulash!
This is a great and totally unexpected surprise of a restaurant. When you go to it, it seems like a completely Spanish Tapas bar, which in fact it is mostly Eastern European. The food is so tasty and savory and the atmosphere is fun and relaxing. We had the cucumber salad, the bacon wrapped dates, and a sausage dish for our tapas and for our entrees we had the pelmeni and I had a traditional Bulgarian dish that was spectacular. They also have some pretty funky cocktails as well. Definitely coming back!
Because fellow Yelpers said so... Pulled up to Forte last night @ 7 and the place was near empty... Almost drove away, but what the heck at least have a beer. Enter to the delightful sounds of a solo guitar man strumming light soothing jazzy rock. Love the cafe atmosphere. The menu is so full of unfamiliar tasty gems to try that it will take several visits to enjoy them all. The gin martini was stiff:-) and properly chased with the cold recommended Bulgarian beer served in an artful ceramic euro mug, very nice. Delicate home made rustic euro bread and table olive oil drizzle add the 20-something-spice-mix dipping for starters. The soups (Solyanka & also Chicken) were delicious as was the lolly pop lamb chops, truffled salami small plate, and bacon wrapped dates stuffed with Marcona almonds... all in all, fantastic! Go figure, by the time we left the place was showing a much larger following, as it should be. See you soon Forte!
Ignore the dodgy location, as that is the only thing about this place that isn't A+. This isn't a place that mascarades as European cuisine, it truly has all the old world flavor, and you can taste the love that goes into each and every dish. 
They have a nice selection of artisan beers and you can even just sit at the bar(I've been known to do so). Every single waitress is so gracious and kind. 

Incidentally, I once had a friendly cab driver bring me home from the airport and as we passed Forte, I mentioned that it was a great place to eat. He said, "Yes, I know.... my wife is cook there". 
Vegas really is a small town.
A truly mixed bag...critics in LV love this place...in fact the last time I was there I saw two of them with their spouses...the food is eastern Europeon and really about three stars....so why the hype....the owner Nina is in her 20's and smokin' HOT with a personality to match- couple that with generous wine pours, a hip interior and the those meatballs known as our local restaurant critics rave about this place...so...I give it FOUR stars- HEY I love good wine pours and HOT women as much as the next guy- just don't expect to be blown away by the food....
I've been looking forward to dining here for over a year. Tonight was finally the night! I had a great time! The service was excellent, the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food was great! We tried a variety of items going full tapas style. The stroganoff fries (a special) were delish, the goulash was very flavorful, the clay pot was interesting and good but I probably wouldn't get it again because I'm not a big fan of cooked bell pepper, the Serbian sausage platter was excellent- the sausage was like nothing I've ever had, flavorful but mellow and wonderfully fresh! The quality of food was great!

Also thought I would mention the live music. I really appreciated the fact that it was loud enough to enjoy but I could still carry a conversation with friends and hear what they were saying. Everything has character here from the people to the dishes and glassware! I will definitely go back!
We have dined here in the past, but this evening's visit was for the purpose of satisfying my wife's itch for a biscuit cake.  She refused to share so I ordered my own. These are honey biscuits with mascarpone cheese, chocolate, espresso and spiced rum.
Great music.... Sangria was money! I came just for some charcuterieand chz.... Got that and it was quite good... They brought me bread with it. Service was nice... Ambiance was hip and good... I really liked it and will be back... The shopping center is a bitbild and odd... But food and service was on the money... 4 stars for now... Looking to do better in future... But ill def be back.
Thanks to Guy for putting this place on Triple D! Forte has become our go-to restaurant when we're in Vegas. It's great for date night or an adult gathering, especially if you're a foodie....the kiddies probably wouldn't care for the food. 
You wouldn't expect this amazing place to be in this part of Vegas but it's great. Once you walk in you're immediately taken by the decor, upbeat music & incredible ambience. 
Once greeted by the friendly staff, or owner who is there often, you are brought scrumptious bread. You need to order a pitcher of Sangria! It's pretty delish, not too sweet but just right. 
We always order tapas here & highly recommend items from their specials menu. Last time we were there we had the Lamb Lollipops with Forte Fries...HOLY GOODNESS! Then we had the Artisian Characuterie Plate, also spectacular. It doesn't matter which dish you try, it's a great experience & you will be back for more. 
The decor in here is awesome. Love the bar area & it's also a great place to celebrate a birthday, they were preparig for one when we were there & it looked very festive. 
Can't wait to go back to Vegas for some more Forte!
The gf and I finally hit Forte - it's relatively close to our house ( about 2 miles ) but just now made it to the top of the "new try" list.

Went on a Tuesday night and the place had a decent crowd.  Quirky looking place and kinda strange lay-out of the tables but ok by us.  Servers were pleasant and attentive.  The gf was really focused on one of the servers hair style, " Should I get my hair like that?"  - must have asked me 4 times, hey !  I'm here to eat, not look at hair !

We avoided liquor since it was a weekday.  They provided a mini-loave of bread with olive oil and they recommended you add a special Bulgarian seasoning mix to the oil - the gf loved it - I also liked it though I felt she added to much of the herb mixture to the oil.

We ordered:

Beef Stroganoff Ragu ( $8 ) - Holy cow, the ragu was perfect !  the pasta shells were like little cups to hold the ragu - also very good but we wish they gave us more !

Chebureki ( $3.50 ) -two beef filled fried dumplings - basically a turnover.  perfectly fried, nice flaky crust, a little light on filling but what do you want for $3.50 ??

Bulgarian Mixed grill ( $10 ) - pork grilled three ways - two are sausage, one a patty.  Different seasoning and texture on all three .  came with a side of white beans and a salad similar to cole slaw but better - overall, an excellent plate of food !

Stuffed grape leaves( $5) - each one had a sausage in it.  I enjoyed but the gf prefers the middle eastern version that includes rice.

I wanted to avoid the sweets but I was being hounded so we ordered the rice pudding( I believe $4 ) and the biscuit cake ( $5).  The biscuit cake was very good - reminded us of tiramisu but the liquor flavor is lighter.  I'm not a rice pudding fan but I liked the generous amount of cinnamon on top of the pudding that gave it a nice kick.

a few pics attached

we'll definitely return
The decor and the atmosphere are great. This is a very Cousy bar, a place where you can bring your friends, enjoy a good drink and nice conversation.. 
The food is good, we ordered chorizo en vino and it was amazing!  My boyfriend ordered the Bulgaria goulash, which was a small but decent plate! We also tasted the hot pot, which had a very interesting flavor! Sausage, tomatoes, onion n eggs.. If you dont like eggs too much do not get it as this is the main ingredient! 
Overall the place is very interesting, you need to come and check it out for your self!
At first, I didn't think that this place was even open. It was located in a shopping center, but from the outside, appeared dark and shut down. I actually called just to make sure they were open.  They were, thankfully! The inside is..interesting! They've got twinkly lights hanging, music posters, and artwork. A musician was softly playing a variety of songs, mostly 80s and soft-rock hits. 

I started with the Ginger Lemonade, which I thought was great. Our server was nice enough, but didn't seem to know much about the menu.

The food was fine. I'm not super familiar with Eastern European food, and having eaten it, I don't think that it will be my favorite cuisine, but I'm glad that I had an opportunity to try it.  I enjoyed the bread stuffed with cheese and topped with egg (it really does cook in front of you!) as well as the potato dumplings. 

It is definitely an "off the beaten path" type of restaurant, and something different in Las Vegas. Worth a look if you're in the neighborhood and want to try European foods.
Why the heck did it take me so long to come here?  Forte was great!  Being open until 3am is a big plus.  Lisa R's terrific review finally persuaded us to check them out and we actually ran into her having dinner at one of the tables upfront!  It was fate :)

The vibe was really cool.  Definitely don't feel like you're in LV.  They had a one man band doing covers ranging from Depeche Mode to Nelly Furtado in a whole Casio keyboard meets karaoke with an eastern Europe flare that definitely enhanced the experience.

We surprisingly started with a complimentary order of the "Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates".  Apparently they made an extra plate by mistake and our waitress gave them to us on the house.  Most tapas joints execute a kind of stuffed date tapas well but the size of these dates were a lot bigger than normal and the jerez sherry reduction gave it a very unique flavor.  Thanks to the staff for that one.

Our favorite dish was the "Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta".  They were stuffed baby squids (squid in squid) that were marinated and served in their own ink on top of Spanish herb rice.  We were kind of surprised the squid was served cold but it actually worked with the hot rice.  100% getting a double order of this the next time since my lovely wife hogged most of it :P

The "Thracian Clay Pot" almost sounds like a nickname for a torture device in "Game of Thrones" but it was anything but that.  It's a Bulgarian specialty served piping hot served with veggies, sausage with a baked egg on top.  The broth was perfect for a chilly evening.  It defines comfort food.  Some might find the broth to be too sausagey but I was digging it.  We also had the "Bulgarian Mixed Grill" and both liked the kiufte best.  They could Americanize those babies and make them sliders! hahahaha 

We couldn't get enough of their table spice and put it on everything including the olive oil we dipped their amazing bread in.  I asked the server what the blend of spices were and she rattled off a whole list of things in it.  It was so good that I bought a bottle of their home blended spice before we left.

Their $20 bottles of wine rocked too!
In Las Vegas, many of the really interesting places to eat are overrated, overcrowded, and overpriced.  When I saw Forte featured on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives," I was skeptical that the food could be as delicious as it looked and sounded.  But wow, I'm so glad I tried it and found out that I was totally wrong - this is excellent food and drink, in a lovely atmosphere with great service.

The location is definitely more for locals than Strip-visiting tourists, so I'm glad that we had rented a car (to spend our days at Red Rock Canyon and the Valley of Fire).  At first, it wasn't clear that they were open, because the windows are dark (an open sign would aid walk-in business), but we trudged through the patio area and went inside and were met with a gorgeous colorful interior!  It's a fun and eclectic space, I really loved the style.  (The men's room is particularly awesome, decorated in crazy Eastern European propaganda posters.  Or so I hear.)

The table bread was fantastic, especially dipped in oil with their hand-blended spice mix.  We could've eaten tons of it!  Everything on the menu and specials board was enticing, but we finally settled on a bunch of small plates: Adjarski Khachapurri (really fun dough boat, enjoyed the egg on top), Thracian clay pot (smaller than expected, everything inside was tasty), chebureki (dumplings so deliciously flaky and dill-y that we ordered a second round), kebabche (one of the sausages we saw on the show, as delicious as we'd hoped it would be), and the Bulgarian bean relish (refreshing, something I'm going to try to make at home).  I also got two tasty beverages - the angry ginger lemonade (delicious, not at all boozy) and a bloody mary made with their garden veggie-infused vodka (this was so amazing, I need to infuse my own vodkas immediately).  I was stuffed by the end of the meal and still longing to try more things!

The best part?  It was an incredibly affordable meal, especially for the quality and quantity.  You can easily eat a great meal, with drinks, for $25 per person.
Amazing food! Must check out! Service is excellent and try the shopska salad,
On a recent visit to Forte, it seemed like the staff was in way over their heads. Since this was my only experience here, I will give them a little bit of slack. The food we had was all solid. I cannot say the same about the drink menu. With there being a large jump in price from the house wine to the next selection, I opted for the house red. It tasted like Kool-Aid. I would have tried a second glass, but the aforementioned service prevented that from going down. The specialty drinks on the menu all looked like they would rot your teeth. Unfortunately, throwing sugary ingredients into a cocktail glass is a common trend these days, and Forte is no different. The atmosphere is charming and cozy. I may try Forte again and hope that the staff is less chaotic.
Great place! Yummi food!! The biscuit cake is delicious, save some room for it! Good staff and cozy atmosphere!
Can't miss here.  Everything is delicious and everyone that works here is kind and hospitable.  I don't live in Las Vegas, but sure gives me a few really compelling reasons to want to :)
First timers here. We went to Forte after seeing it on "Dinners, Drivers, & Dives." The place was quite small but it had a quaint atmosphere.  It was also pretty packed for a Friday night. It took a long time to get seated and even longer to place an order, which is understandable. 

We ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill, Calamares Rellanos En Su Tinta, Thracian Clay Pot (which our server addressed that it would take 20 minutes to make), and Baklava for dessert. The food was amazing. The mixed grill was an assortment of 3 types of sausages and pickled vegetables. The Calamares was squid with spanish fried rice. It was wonderful... but we never got the clay pot. It was 40 minutes after we placed our order. We had to flag down another server to let them know we never got the other half of our order and we'll just settle with the baklava. Our server said the clay pot never went through the system. I find that hard to believe considering one of the servers tried to serve the couple next to us who was seated around the same time as us the same clay pot (which they got earlier) and then the server went back. Thankfully, we weren't charged for the claypot and the baklava was comped. 

This sort of deterred our dining experience but we'll gladly eat here again, just not soon.
If you are staying on a LV strip your cab ride will be around $30 one way. If you know what the Russian food should taste like than you will be greatly dissapointed after visiting this place. My husband and I came here craving some Russian Solyanka soup and Pelmeni... ended up being nothing close to the real taste at all... this place didn't worth a $60 cab ride.
I really wanted to like Forte. A reasonably priced European tapas restaurant in Vegas, sounds amazing ! Unfortunately, the restaurant did not top more than 3 stars. 

First the service was sooooo slow. This is not a large restaurant, but it took our server over 20 minutes to bring a menu. We had to ask for drinks several times, and we had to ask for a second set of flatware 3 times. 

I started with a ginger lemonade cocktail served in a bronze mug. Delicious! This was the winner. Well worth my $8.

We ordered borscht, a cold beet and cabbage soup, a particular favorite from Eastern Europe and Russia; truffle mashed potatoes; and stroganoff. Each was good but not great. We followed up with the beef and lamb confit, and the star course of the night, lamb lollipop chops! 

I did not care for the size of the portions. Forte holds itself out as a tapas restaurant, but each of these dishes were large enough for a full course. Smaller dishes and smaller prices would be preferable, otherwise this is just an Eastern European/ Russian fusion restaurant and not a tapas place.

The atmosphere is nice and Forte makes for an interesting date spot. I look forward to trying Forte again and hopefully improving their 3 star rating.
This place is really cute. Love love love the decor. Very female oriented. Our waitress was adorbs and super sweet. I wasn't eating much but the table bread was delicious they have some yummy spice combo you add to the olive oil that is really good flavor I've never had before. We had the clay pot with egg. Egg was over cooked and that kind of ruined it, but I've never had Bulgarian food so maybe it's supposed to be that way? Grape leaves were good delicious dill sauce. We can't remember the other dish we had so it wasn't very memorable. Very laid back vibe is what we liked most. The beer selection was interesting and you get a hobbit mug for them. Moscow mule was really good. They infuse their own vodka with ginger. Family friendly. Bought a bottle of wine to go it was disgusting.... From Spain. So don't get that.
We went on Friday night and we're able to get a table despite not having reservations. FYI reservations are recommended for Friday and Saturday nights.  Great date night atmosphere ..dark cozy and comfortable.  There was also live music which was great because it wasn't ridiculously loud - you could still carry on your conversations.  I had a delicious cocktail that came in a copper mug - can't remember the name of it - it had ginger infused vodka, lime and ..? We'll worth the eight dollars.  Home made bread was excellent - the olive oil was top quality - reminded me of the olive oil that you get in Greece.  The feta cheese pastry was like a dessert.  The meat dumplings were good they were very meaty -almost games which I wasn't I the mood for at the time but they were delicious regardless.  Bacon wrapped Marcona almond stuffed dates were yummy and the biscuit cake dessert was as delicious As it sounds.
The best little hole in the wall in Vegas!

Came here with a group of girlfriends from work, one being from Russia. We had made a reservation ahead of time, for which I was glad. At 7 pm, the place was pretty packed, but began clearing out a bit around 8 pm. 

Here's what was on our table:

Adjarski Khachapurri - giant boat bread with soft cheese and a cracked egg. This was amazing. The flavor wasn't overdone and it was fresh out of the oven!

Beef Strogannoff Ragu - we all know what this is and it was awesome

Vereniki and Pelmeni - two different types of dumplings with sour cream. They were not overly greasy and paired with the sour cream...amazing!.

We ordered some of their signature house drinks and a bottle of wine. 

I have to give the food 5 stars. It was so nice to go to a place where the tapas wasn't pre-made and sitting under heat lamps getting greasy and dried out (*cough* Firefly *cough*). The food was not overly seasoned to cover up the lack of quality...like a lot of places do. The vegetables and fresh seasonings (scallions, parsley, etc.) served with each dish really complimented the home cooking and quality ingredients. 

The service was slow, but due to everything being fresh out of the oven, it was more than acceptable. Plus, in Euro culture, you take your time to eat and talk. Why is everyone in such a hurry?! We stayed here for over 4 hours listening to the live music and chatting away. It was a really nice atmosphere, and we all left happy.
We had stuffed grape leaves, mixed grill, chorizo in red wine, stroganoff, and the fried dough in honey--all delish!!
delicious, unique, great tapas spot.  Chicken kabob was amazing! Make a reservation or go early because it is a little small.
Amazing flavors! Try the KGB martini, its very flavorful. The threcian claypot is supurb! All of their dishes can be served for any meal of the day!
Any place that sells something called the sausage party gets at least two stars from me without even having to have gone in. It gets a third star because the food was actually good, but on top of that my plate had what looked to be a fist sized side of pure butter on my plate.

4th and 5th star for the wait staff, all the chicks are uber hot. I accidentally knocked over some oil and our waitress leaned over to clean it up, giving me a free show. That earned her a $20 tip.

Will definitely be back!!
At some point I saw the DDD episode featuring this place, and immediately bookmarked it upon moving to LV. I'll admit, I was saving it for a day when I needed to take out the BF to get some extra brownie points: he's from Russia and loves to find cafes to have the food when it's cooked well. Knowing this place would blow him away, I saved it for precisely the right moment.

We went in and immediately fell in love with the interior décor and atmosphere- there was a musician in the corner singing covers of easy-listening hits, small mismatched tables and chairs arranged in cozy groups, and little trinkets sprinkled everywhere. I belatedly noticed the chalkboard specials in the entry area after we'd already ordered, but it gave me several ideas for what to order next time.

BEEF STROGANOFF RAGU ON PELMINI: BF said this was the best stroganoff he's ever had, and he grew up eating it in Russia and has had the dish more times than most Americans have had spaghetti and meatballs. Dumplings were great (though few, the order comes with 4 so it's shareable but only barely), loved that they weren't overcooked as they have been elsewhere we've ordered them. The mushroom ragout though was what really made the dish, and we made sure to scoop up what remained using the crusty homemade bread.
KHACHAPURRI:  Georgian bread dish with cheese and egg; really rich and seems more like a breakfast or lunch dish than a dinner one to me, but something worth trying if you've never had it before. 
CHEBUREKI: a two-piece order for a good price,  good to add on and try. They're fried beef dumplings, similar in size and shape to a large potsticker, topped with green onion and dill. The dill especially really complements the filling, you'll want to pinch up extra from around the plate. 
THRACIAN CLAY POT: a small-looking portion served in the clay pot it's made in, the dish is composed of tomato, egg, sausage, peppers, feta, and onion. Reminiscent of shakshuka, and best eaten with some of the homemade bread.
BISCUIT CAKE: a take on tiramisu, super moist and flavorful with just the right amount of chocolate to make it sweet but not overwhelmingly so. Slightly disappointed that I did not taste the Lavazza espresso at all.


We've already decided to make this place a regular date night stop. So glad Ive finally found a place we'll go to regularly for eastern European food.
Everything on the menu looked terrific...choices between Bulgarian, Hungarian, Polish, Russian, Spanish, Greek and I think Romanian. Went with 2 local friends who recommended it and was the best eastern European restaurant I have been in in the USA.. We shared the Bulgarian Mixed Grille (Kiufte, Kebabche and Loukaniko), Adjarski Khachapurri..spelling?) and Thracian Clay pot. Everytime I visit Vegas now I will eat here., DELICIOUS!  10+ service by 2 very, very sweet Bulgarian ladies and the bread with their oil dip (their own spice concoction which I bought a bottle of) was sooooo good., I love this place.
First time diner at forte. My brother and I and our two friends were in Vegas and wanted to get something to eat for lunch. Since we have a real penchant for trying new, exotic, and interesting places, we thought we'd try out forte; Eastern European seemed to fit the bill. We tried several dishes and shared them all. I must say, it is a rare instance when we do this and have every dish get a thumbs up but, in this case, it happened. We loved every dish we had, right down to the delicious biscuit cake for desert. Four guys with very divergent tastes, who tried 7 different dishes, each gave this place an enthusiastic thumbs up. We will be back.
We originally discovered Forte on an episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives featuring their Thracian Clay Pot-we immediately fell in love and make it ourselves almost weekly. If you haven't seen it...check it out their traditional Bulgarian dish here: http://www.barforte.com/ 

When we found ourselves in Vegas a few months later, we decided we needed to try it in person despite
a)being about a 20 minute drive from the strip
b) being located in a strip mall....not my ideal locale for a nice dinner. 

The two of us arrived without a reservation, which wasn't a problem at our time of arrival for a Saturday evening. There is a small outdoor fenced in patio area, but we opted to sit inside instead. The place is seriously cute. Great, cheeky décor, mismatched tables, clusters of seating, a bar area, fun wine cellar, chalkboard walls with specials, etc. We were brought fresh, warm, house baked bread in a turquoise colander with our menus. The bread is accompanied by their own spices and oils. Water is served in old fashioned vodka bottles with seriously awesome labeling. 

Our server was the absolute sweetest (and absolutely gorgeous!) and we put our Thracian Clay Pot order in right away-they take about 25-30 minutes. ($9.99 but we got it on some happy hour special for just $6!)

We ordered the stuffed sweet peppers to start-and WOW, we were surprised. They were delicious with the yogurt dill sauce and we scraped up the last of it with our warm bread. ($6.95)

We also tried the lamb lollipop fries ($9.99) which were a special for that night. The lamb chops were on a bed of amazing fries and gravy sauce. 

We tried the Pelmeni beef dumplings which were also good.

We had the Adjurski Khachapurri-the only thing I wouldn't give a 5 star. It is a bread dish in the shape of a boat stuffed with pickled Bulgarian cheese and topped with a cracked egg. This menu item is listed as "finished table side" although all she really did was break up the over easy egg and mix it. This was a good dish, but much more suitable for breakfast or brunch, rather than dinner. 

We tried traditional Bulgarian beer, Argentinian wine (Gascon!), and even the Moscow mule-house infused ginger vodka, limes, and ginger beer in a copper mug. One of my favorites!

The best part is that Forte is extremely affordable. For two people who ordered 5 items and 5 drinks total, our bill was around $60-unheard of!

Get off the strip and check this place out!
They open at 5 pm have live music starting around 8 pm.
A definite favorite of our trip!
I wasn't crazy about this place. I went after it was featured on one of Guy Fierri's shows a couple of years ago and remember not being impressed. Fast forward to 2014. . . fool me twice.  We ordered the *octopus, *beef stroganoff fries, *Chartreuse platter and *lamb lolipops. $49.00 later we are still hungry and not impressed. We were the only ones eating lunch there on a Friday afternoon at 12pm. Hmmm. ... 

PROS: The interior is awesome
             
CONS: Small portions - big prices
It all began 2 weeks ago, when dining at Forte for the 4th time.  We twice requested a change of music-- a loud, constant drone of a musician on the same note--but were told it can't happen because the owner makes the decision & she's not here.  The service that nite was spotty, despite their wait staff (as  usual) being in abundance.  And otherwise, the food was very good.

Since we had made plans w/friends for a 1st time at Forte, we four arrived at 6:30 on Sat. 7/20.  It was crowded & the same music was playing.  This time, despite plenty of wait staff (& owner present), we waited over one (1) hour, and so did most everyone there.  A customer setting up for her friend's B.D. party w/balloons, told me they had requested the food be ready when 25 arrived for this celebration & was upset that at 8:00 when they began arriving, it was nowhere in sight.

To make matters worse:  Forte was out of a favorite beer, out of meatballs & out of the Polish sausage platter w/potatoes.  One friend rec'd. the wrong tapa plate.  One friend's goulash had an amazing amount of salt & was not edible.  My partner never rec'd. his coffee.  The staff did not handle any of this with aplomb, and by 7:30 most of us were uncomfortable because it seemed the A/C wasn't working.

Due to our complaining, espec. the hungrier we became, Forte picked  up our tab.  

This foodie has been called a glutton, but never a glutton for punishment !

K I K I
After many visits here I am thrilled to discover many delicious dishes from several regions around the world, along with a darn tasty spice blend, great atmosphere, and excellent service.

Everyone starts with house-made bread, the Bulgarian spice mix and olive oil.  The spice blend (15 herbs and spices) is for sale in cute jars for $6 each.  This is a great gift for friends or for yourself!  I have even used these spices to coat raw cashews (using coconut oil) which make for a great snack!

I have successfully shared the joy of Forte with friends, family, and other visitors alike, from vegetarian to carnivore.  Last night I learned that Forte could make Eric R. a fan of octopus, which he never enjoyed before.  My friends have really enjoyed the sausages made in house, but since I don't eat pork I am not able to tell you how they taste.

Dishes I have tried:
Shopska Salad: basic salad covered in shredded Bulgarian feta.  Tasty but simple.

Fetamelon Salad: special in spring 2014. Huge portion of watermelon squares, Bulgarian feta, mint, and chopped red onion.  Very refreshing but needs people for sharing!

Calamares Rellenos en su Tinto: Stuffed squid marinated in its own ink on Spanish herb rice. Room temperate squid, tasty and different.

Octopus in Olive Oil: super tender octopous on top of warm rice with green onions, served with lemon.  Truly outstanding though simple, converted a non-octopus eater.

Beef and Lamb Confit: beef and lamb that melts in the mouth cooked in its own juices and fat on top of the Uzbeki Plov rice - I ordered the rice dish separately once with a veg friend but just get it here.  The meat juices coat the rice, which has dried cranberry and cornichons.  Love this dish!

Adjarski Khachapurri: bread boat with cheese topped with raw egg at table that cooks on the bread because it is so hot.  This is very delicious but hard to split, so at most 2 people should share one or it loses the fun.  Sooooo delicious.

Thracian Clay Pot: Peppers, tomato, onion, feta, and egg baked together (with sausage typically but I ordered one without, no problem).  Served in a beautiful traditional pot, though all serveware is Bulgarian.  This is topped with a serrano pepper for some nice heat!

Stuffed grape leaves: meat-filled and served warm with a delicious dill yogurt sauce.  Dip the homemade bread in the sauce after the dolmas are gone!

Beef stroganoff ragu: wild mushroom dumplings topped with a beef strogranoff ragu is one of Eric R.'s faves (he loves stroganoff in general).  Very rich sauce.

Vareniki: my favorite simple housemade dumplings stuffed with potato, topped with fried diced onions.  So good it converted 2 non-potato eaters!

Biscuit cake: dessert for David S.'s birthday.  Honey biscuits, mascarpone, walnuts, chocolate - tasty!  I would rather eat more savory food than sweets though if I had the option! :)

There is more for me to try but I never leave without flavors dancing in my palate.
Thanks DDD for bringing this restaurant into the spotlight! It has old-warm charm and delicious food that keeps bringing me back.

The bread and olive oil is a great starter; the fries with feta are delish, but I love the crusty pastry with the egg and cheese filling best-Adjarski Khachapurri. It's like the most wonderful personal fondue.

Oddly enough- the truffled mashed potatoes are also out of this world.

The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the charred onions on the pierogis- I love onions but these were a little too burnt each time I ordered the dish.
This is primarily a Bulgarian restaurant though menu items include tapas and entrees from much of eastern Europe.  We started off by sharing a Mediterranean salad  - tomatoes, cukes, olives, peppers, basil, parsley, mint and a drizzle of Spanish olive oil. Our first entree was the Thracin Clay Pot - a Bulgarian specialty of tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta cheese, charcuterie and egg.  Our second entree was Hungarian Goulash over mashed potatoes.  To wash down this feast, we ordered small (who knew?) glasses of Zagorka beer that were flat.  My wife was unable to restrain herself so we closed out the meal with a biscuit cake (similar to tiramisu).  Standouts were the goulash and biscuit cake though everything except the beer was very good.
5 of us met again to try a new restaurant and try different food.  I have had Forte bookmarked for about 2 years but I never seemed to think of this place.  

We were seated at two high top tables right as you come in the door.  While we were looking at the menu and talking about other things, we were approached for our order.  We asked her to wait awhile as we kept studying what we wanted.

We were soon brought some bread.  They were large round puffs larger and flatter than a doughnut.  There was olive oil on the table and we pulled pieces off the bread to dip in the oil.  It was good.

Our things started coming out.  The first plate was a shared Spanish "nacho" platter.  It consisted of some chips with thin chorizo slices and topped with a tasty truffle salsa.

We were brought two orders of meat pies that were also good.  Next came a dish stuffed baby squid served over Spanish herb rice.  

We also ordered each of their specialty breads--a feta cheese stuffed filo dough round and Adjarski Khachapurri, described as traditional Georgian boat shaped bread filled with two types of Georgian styled pickled cheeses and a cracked egg mixed on top (after our photos).  Both were good breads.  It was difficult cutting the Georgian bread with the egg but we managed to mangle it enough that everyone got a chance to try some.  The filo round was easy.  All we had to do was pull a piece of the roll off and dip it in the sour cream if we wanted.  The bread was brought straight from the oven because it was extremely hot.

We had two orders of almond stuffed bacon wrapped dates with a sherry reduction.  The dates were OK but I thought they were cooked a bit too much.

Next came some Easter or spring lamb with some mashed potatoes and some salad.  I didn't think the lamb had much of the lamb flavor I was expecting and it was in a dark sauce.  I guess I'm too used to having lamb rare and not done in a stew manner.  It was extremely tender.

We closed out this part of lunch with the Thracian clay pot described on the menu as a "traditional Bulgarian specialty of tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta, Bulgarian style charcuterie, and egg baked in a Bulgarian clay pot.  For me, this was the stand out of our lunch.  it had lots of flavor.  I used some of the spice on the table to give it some extra flavor.  On the table was a spice boat with a small wooden spoon.  The woman told us that it was a mixture of 40 spices with cumin, garlic, salt, and.....  We didn't ask her to continue.

Then dessert was ordered.  We got some baklava and their biscuit cake.  The biscuit cake was the star!  The menu describes it as "decadent cake layered with honey biscuits, mascarpone, rich chocolate, Lavazza espresso, and a kick of spiced rum topped with walnuts and more chocolate.  Need I write any more?  The baklava was not like I'm used to in how it's made but it was OK.

I thought the food was pretty good.  I wanted to give the place more stars but the part that held me back was the service.  We had asked at the start not to bring all the dishes out but they just kept coming--not all at once--but close enough together that there wasn't a chance to rest a bit between tastings.  The number of plates and fitting them on our two tables became a bit of an issue.  Instead of giving us clean plates periodically, we had the same ones until the main courses were completed.  We got clean plates for dessert.  We also had to ask twice to get more water.  For such a small place with two servers at least, things should have been done better.  

I might go back to try one of the other main dishes.  And of course, getting some more biscuit cake should always be foremost in my mind.

As always, good company made lunch a much better time!
Items Selected:
Thick Pita - served with olive oil
Spanish chorizo chips con salsa tartufada
Chebureki - Georgian style deep fried beef dumplings
Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates wrapped in bacon and topped with Jerez Sherry Reduction
Calamares rellenos en su tinta - stuffed baby squid marinated and served in their own ink over Spanish herb rice
Adjarski Khachapurri - Georgian boat shaped bread filled with picked cheese and a cracked egg
Bulgarian Easter lamb with spring salad, arugula mashed potatoes, lamb jus
Sofiiska baniza - Feta cheese rolled in hand made phyllo dough and baked
Thracian Clay Pot - Bulgarian-style charcuterie, egg, tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta baked in a clay pot
Biscuit Cake - honey biscuits, mascarpone, chocolate, Lavazza Espresso, spiced rum, walnuts
Baklava - Walnuts and lemon honey syrup

Literally hidden by a gated patio in a strip-mall on Rainbow but featured in numerous publications as well as 'Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins" Forte European Tapas had been of interest to me even before moving to Las Vegas and recently opting to open its full menu for lunch a visit was planned - six persons cramming into a small high-top near the front door for a multi-course meal marred by hassled service and uneven culinary techniques throughout.  Small in size and kitsch in décor with heavy woods accented by posters, graffiti, and Christmas lights as American pop played overhead it was less than sixty-seconds after the final member of our party arrived that orders were requested and having twice deferred only to be given the first of two strainers of warm bread a somewhat rushed order was placed with a request for items to be appropriately paced - a concept that, along with beverage refills, proved as foreign as the food with the table soon overburdened and serviceware for sharing few and far between.  Opting for specials and staples from diverse regions including Spain, Greece, and nations of the former Soviet Union it was with oddly 'truffled' store-bought potato chips mixed with dry chorizo that our tasting began and rolling next into the duo of oily Chebureki and overcooked dates propped up by an outstanding sherry reduction it was with good fortune that the meal would soon improve, the tender whole squid restuffed with their tentacles and cooked in ink subtly sweet over aromatic rice.  Left precious seconds to digest and discuss a second wave of food soon smothered the table once more and finding far more success than round one both of the breads proved superlative with big flavor and a pleasant degree of grassy funk that I only wish had been present in the tender but flavorless lamb, a 'special' by title only and completely forgotten compared to the bombastic mélange of meat, cheese, and vegetal aromatics contained in the clay pot.  At this point sated but happy to finish with something sweet, two-parts each of baklava and biscuit cake rounded out the afternoon with the former benefitted not by lemon nor liberally applied simple syrup while the latter proved exquisite; a delicate balance of crunch and cream with mild sweetness harkening tiramisu but dressed up with honey and nuts that were perhaps stolen from the baklava and used here to better effect.
If you saw Forte on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives just know it is everything you would hope it is. Do not leave Vegas without visiting Forte.
The food was really good, but the service was pretty terrible.  We'll go back again for a second try.  The Bulgarian mixed grill was awesome.  The beef and lamb confit was spectacular.  I also enjoyed the dates wrapped in bacon.  the prices are very reasonable.  Atmosphere a little loud and it's more of a bar than a restaurant.  The food was so great that I am willing to overlook any of the other issues.  The biscuit cake was sort of like terramisu and tasted really good.
I was invited along with a group of a friend's friends... and I had eaten earlier in the evening, so I wasn't in full restaurant exploration mode, but still, even from the few things I nibbled on, I was impressed and am looking forward to a return trip.

Highlights for me were the Adjarski Khachapurri and stroganoff, though I didn't snag a bite of anything that was less than tasty.

Also, I was enchanted by the painted glass my cocktail arrived in, it was deemed instagram worthy! After checking out their website, it seems it was painted by the owner herself, which between that and her "punking" of Guy Fieri (also viewable on the website) leads me to believe she's a pretty neat lady.

Can't wait to go back with an empty stomach and an eager dining companion.
I arrived at Forte with high expectations after reading all the rave reviews from Yelpers I admire. The seating we chose wasn't the best, since the chairs weren't comfortable and the table too high. What we won't sacrifice for good lighting for our food pictures. 

With a semi-large group of diners, we were able to sample a good number of menu items. We started with the house pita bread, which I didn't love. A little on the doughy side for my taste. We decided on a good sampling from the options on the menu and waited with anticipation. 

As others have noted, the timing of our food didn't come out as spaced out as we would have liked and refills came only after a few reminders, I still enjoyed quite a bit about our meal here. 

My favorites from lunch were the Calamares rellenos en su tinta, Thracian clay pot, sofiiska baniza, Chebureki and Adjarski khachapurri. I would return for any of these menu items in a heartbeat. My least favorite parts of the meal were the sugary sweet and drippy baklava, the overcooked and overly sweet almond stuffed dates and uninventive and incrediby generic-tasting Spanish chorizo chips. The Bulgarian lamb was just ok, I can't see myself ordering this again and the biscuit cake, although a favorite at our table was a little too dense and sweet-tasting for my particular palate. 

I was on the fence on how many stars to give Forte, debating between 3 and 4 stars. Based on the number of items we ordered, I notice that the ones I didn't like outnumbered those that I did enjoy, but I would return to enjoy those few items I loved alone.
I've never really eaten European food before, but after seeing this featured on TV me and my bf wanted to give it a try. We were so pleased with the food and we will definitely come back again
The mix grill is phenomanal, has to try! Lutenitza with feta is also a must from the appetizers. Home made bread with olive oil and traditional spice mix. I'm loosing my mind. This place is unbelievable. If you are going to Vegas you MUST stop to try it at least once !!!!!!!
Really good unique dishes and friendly staff. Very cozy inside too. I went with a friend and ordered several items from the menu. Everything was great.
Went here again while on a business trip. I dropped a star because, although the food is tasty and exotic, the serving sizes are too small for the price. Didn't really notice last time cuz we ordered multiple items and shared family style. I would still say that I haven't eaten anything I haven't liked yet.
The Russian food was great. I got the borscht soup and pelmenis. The pelmenis were similar to the ones I've had made by a Russian friend of mine. The mixed drinks were good but a bit on the weak side. Servers were nice. Service was a bit slow but it had a nice ambiance so it was nice to just sit and drink. Will go back and try some of the other specialty items.
Best hole in the wall in Vegas I have found. Great Beer, Great Service, and Great Food.

This is a must stop! My favorite item was the lentil soup which was super flavorful and creamy. The beer the server recommended was one of the best lagers I have ever had.

For desert we ordered this tiramisu wannabe dish that was super delicious.
I must have tried half the menu on my visit to Forte. It felt like every single dish was better than the last. The charcuterie plate, stuffed sweet peppers, and stroganoff ragu were all over the top. Service is excellent, atmosphere is fun and intimate, and all at a great value. Would love to go back when they have live music. A gem.
I was out with my 13 year old son and we were hungry.  I was in an unknown area so I turned to yelp.  One of the top ranked spots was a Bulgarian restaurant named Forte that I had just seen on Guy Fieri's DDD...so we gave it a try.

Don't let the plaza keep you from trying this place.  It's in a predominantly Hispanic plaza anchored by a Mexican market.  My son thought I was joking when I pulled in.  However, the restaurant inside was quite nice.  It felt like a funky restaurant that you would find in San Francisco.  Cool colors, cool posters, and a good mix of deep house music playing on the speakers.  

Once we walked in we were greeted by some beautiful servers in tight black striped dresses.  Behind the bar was the even more beautiful owner that I saw on TV.  She was charming and I told her that we were there because the show.  

We sat down and our server (I think her name was Nataliya) brought us a loaf of homemade bread and water in a recycled bottle of vodka.  She instructed us to dip the bread in olive oil with an optional mix of Bulgarian spices.  Delicious.  

We happened to be there in the last hour of happy hour so I ordered their Angry Lemonade (delicious cocktail with lemon juice, mint, vodka, and a sprig of rosemary).   They serve this in an attractive copper mug.  

My son ordered a sprite but the nice touch was the carafe of sprite that they left for refills.  

As I said, we were hungry so we ordered the Bulgarian mixed grill, garlic fries, Serrano & Arugula pizza, and Gambas Al Ajillo (delicious shrimp sautéed with garlic, white wine, and other herbs).   

I was a little disappointed that the fries came first, but they were delicious.  They looked like McDonald's fries covered with herbs and garlic.  Only $5.

The shrimp came next and these were unbelievable.  It was so good that we immediately ordered another.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the white wine sauce was so good that we asked for another loaf of bread so we could dip it.  Only $7.

The pizza was mediocre.  Generous amount of Serrano and arugula...possibly too generous because it was a bit salty.  The texture made it tough to eat.  I don't think it was cooked long enough.  The dough was soft and the pizza was a bit runny.  We are less than half of this and took the rest home.  

The mixed grill was as delicious as we saw on TV.  Homemade sausages grilled with an delicious bean relish and this tomato sauce.   Only $11 for this plate.  Wow!!

Service was excellent.  The food was delicious and very reasonable.  The ambience was hip.  This is clearly a restaurant that is well-run with attentive owner-operators.  

We will be back with the rest of the family.  I would return to the bar for the beautiful servers.  They were hot!!
Every time I go here I am impressed.  From the helpful and cheerful staff to the amazing foods and homemade alcohol infusions to the live music and eclectic people watching.  I have enjoyed every single item I have tried off the menu and that has been ample in the many visits, it's just done right every time.  I look forward to friends and family visiting the area because this is always a stop I look forward to making with them!
Wow- a pleasant surprise.  I got in to Vegas late one night and managed to miss lunch and dinner on my way.  So, I was pretty hungry by the time I got to Forte late at night.

I got the stroganoff fries and the mixed grill.  The fries were great and the mixed grill was quite satisfying.  It comes with a number of side sauces and salads that I can't identify but were very tasty.  

This location is in a strip mall but the inside is very cool and comfortable.  Prices are very reasonable compared to the high quality of food.  I would definitely come back!

The atmosphere is very relaxed and I would definitely come back here with friends.
I'd seen Forte a million times, its in the same strip mall as two of the stores I shop at frequently.  The other night, my fella and I took a walk up to La Bonita, and decided that we would have date night at Forte on Saturday night.

We arrived at about 9:00pm, and walked in, not really knowing if they were open or not, as there were two people out on their patio, but there wasn't an "open" sign or anything.

Luckily, they were still open, and the kitchen was working until 10 pm.  
We were seated, and one of the girls brought over two glasses and water...in an old vodka bottle!  How fun. 

We were given some bread with Bulgarian spices and olive oil...this was delicious. the bread was crispy on the outside, and super soft on the inside...I really need to learn to make bread like this!!

We chose:
Marcona Almond Stuffed dates, wrapped in bacon: These were tasty.  Granted, I was comparing them to the other tapas place that shall not be named and has been shut down, because THOSE were always amazing...I found these to be not quite on par, but still enjoyable.  

Gambas Al Ajillo: Shrimp sauteed with garlic, white wine and spanish olive oil.  This was good, but a little disappointing in the size.  $6.99 for 5 TINY shrimp.  Now, the flavor was good.  Really good actually...so good we took the bread and sopped up the "sauce" that was left over.  But...at $1.40 per shrimp, I want the shrimp to be a little bigger, even if there aren't as many.  I would have been fine with 4 larger shrimp, not even jumbo.  

Lamb Ragu served over polenta:  I wish I remembered all the details of this special (not on their regular menu)...there was this cheese that they served over it...oh my stars it was delicious. I'm picky about lamb, and this was cooked very well.  There were a few pieces that seemed a little fatty for my taste, but all in all, this was a good dish.  I enjoyed the polenta, never having had it before, and thought that it worked really well with the lamb and herbs.  A winner.

We also have a glass of refreshing sangria.  At $5 a glass or $23 for a pitcher, this was a good choice.  We only had a glass a piece, but I would definitely drink it again. 

Service was friendly, but a little slow.  It took a while for someone to come take our order, and to bring the check, but the food came out in a timely fashion, and we were really not in a hurry, so it wasn't awful.  I'd honestly like to either have the servers speak up just a touch, or turn the music down a little...it wasn't overly loud by any means, but one of the girls that was taking care of us was very soft spoken, so it was hard to hear her over the music.

I love the decor.  It fits very will with the name:  Forte, in musical terms, means "loud or strong."   The decor itself is very loud, and very artsy.  They also had a guitar player/singer who played some soft dining music while we were there.  That was fun.

All in all, I really enjoyed my visit to Forte.  I definitely plan to go back and try some more things from the menu, and maybe have a mojito next time!
I absolutely love this place! The Easter lamb, the Kachapurri, Thracian clay pot are favorites. Great wine selection and cool atmosphere. This is one of my regular places and has been for the last year. Highly recommended!
Bomb food don't know much about Eastern Europe but I know they eat damn tasty viddles. Clay pot was so good worth the wait both the Serbian and Bulgarian mixed grill are must try's.
We had been here on two occasions and were ok with the experience and food.  Service was always slow they seemed under staffed but the flavors and food seemed worth the wait.  So much so, that we invited friends to join us for an early Saturday evening meal.  When we arrived the hostess was visibly upset we were there and said, "You have reservation?"  We said no and that if there were fully booked that was ok we could go elsewhere.  We weren't upset just confused the place had only one couple sitting there and it was 4:30pm.  We assumed maybe they were expecting a large party.  The hostess asked another girl about seating us and both rolled their eyes and acted like they were doing us a favor finding a table.  No greeting, no customer service, just attitude.  It was disappointing.  I get it, it's a European feel and they were on the Food Channel, but don't let it go to your heads folks, this is Vegas and there are plenty of fish in the sea so to speak.  If this was all that occurred I would have been more generous with my rating but it got worse.  We ordered simple items, lentil soups and salads that took 45 - 60 minutes to arrive.  My only item, lentil soup came 30 minutes after everyone else was served.  When we asked the hostess who was now our waitress about the wait on the soup she said it was on its way then waited 20 more minutes.  The soup arrived and tasted ok but wasn't as good as previous times.  It tasted a little strange but after the wait I was starving.  Later on our way home I felt sick and spent the better part of the my night in the bathroom.  The entire time we were there the place never had more than a few tables of people, so we never figured out what the challenge was with seating our small group of 5.

If you alright waiting an excessive amount of time for simple food, being disrespected by staff who present as having a chip on their shoulder, and spending your night sick to your stomach, enjoy Forte; otherwise I would recommend many of the other dining establishments in our fair city that value one's patronage and health.

If this were my hot spot, I would be looking in to hiring staff that value customers and ensure my staff prepare and serve my food in a timely manner.  After your location is on TV people have a certain expectation for service and if that is not met because you fail to have a consistent deliverable your establishment will not remain viable in our market.
I can't say enough good things about Forte. Went there tonight with my wife.  We both thought the food was great, service was great and the price of the meal was so reasonable.  Our waiter answered questions, made thoughtful recommendations, and was attentive to our needs.  We shared the bacon wrapped dates, a great cucumber, tomato feta salad, the clay pot dish and assortment of Bulgarian sausage.  The food was perfectly seasoned and very tasty.  It is well worth the cab ride to get off the strip and have a great ethnic meal.  Our whole meal only cost $35 and was just right for two.  We well definitely return when we are in Vegas and recommend it to friends and family.
Ambience, excellent food quality, and cheerful staff.  We arrive at 7:30 on Wed. night to be greeted with a smile and seated immediately with our reservation in a restaurant that was about half full.   First they bring out their homemade bread, to die for, with olive oil and Hungarian spices.  My wife and I are not big bread eaters, but this was sensational.


Like many others, I discovered them on triple D with Fieri.  So many things on the menu look great, but we went with the two highlighted on the show, the mixed grill and the Thracian clay pot.  If you are a pork lover ,this is your place!  All three items on the mixed Grill are prepared differently with unique taste and all were exceptional.  The clay pot with feta cheese, tomato peppers and more sliced pork covered with a baked egg was unbelievably good. The feta cheese took on a flavor I've never had and the tomato was cooked down to be cut with spoon but still have body and flavor.  We cleaned both plates.

At that point I asked for the check as we were trying to make a late show. In passing, my wife said it was my birthday. The hostess would not let us leave without boxing up a dessert to take with us. At no charge!  What an unexpected pleasure and it too was delicious later that night in our room!

You have to have an open mind for this is not your standard fare, but if you're willing to try something out of your comfort zone, it is well worth it!
I really liked this place.  It felt like we were in Eastern Europe.  The only thing missing was a hint of Drakkar Noir in the air.

We had the following items:
---  Cheese plate:  Four cheeses paired with pureed fruit and nuts.  
---  Mixed olive plate - just OK, got to be a bit much
---  Chorizo con vino - this was my favorite
---  Vareniki - dumplings - also very good

The service was quite good and I really loved the atmosphere.  There are a lot more items on the menu I'd like to try.

Give Forte a try if you want to have a unique (for Las Vegas) dining experience.
I'm always willing to check out an Aaron May concept. I loved Sol y Sombra up in DC Ranch, even though it was isolated in its island-like existence way up there. The food and atmosphere was primo, so when I heard he was opening up another tapas restaurant, I never had my doubts. 

Some holdovers from Sol y remain -- the patatas bravas, the pil pil, the sol y sombra -- but by and large, the variety on the menu (which isn't overwhelming by any means) is fantastic. Of the five plates I had, I sampled surf, turf, veggies, chutney and grilled bread. 

The trout, a nice-sized fillet for just $8, sits on a bed of chilled veggies in a summery vinaigrette, and is the best value on the menu. The filet mignon, a perfect medium rare spiral cut, also was a good value at $13 considering the plate size. 

I wish the cocktail menu offered more tequila-based drinks -- it's mostly rum -- but the Aqwa was something special (albeit bizarre): cacao and cane infused liqueur, caffeine, ginseng, guarana and lots and lots of juicy lime. The bartender told me most people have been afraid to order it, but I didn't hesitate. This kind of cocktail mastery belongs at May's other Old Town concept, Mabel's on Main.

The atmosphere is decidedly Spanish -- high-energy Salsa music, tiled floors, vaulted ceilings and a cramped but effective bar area. The semi-outdoor patio looked interesting at a glance, and will be a hit on warm nights. I'm glad they left an understated remnant of the old Pitschke's that used to occupy the space -- a tiled accent beam that supports the roof. It adds some color, yes, but the ode to the space's history is a respectful touch.
Oh me oh my. Aaron May I am seriously crushing on your food. Now, I am not educated in the ways of tapas, but for that very reason I brought my friends Matt and Mitch with me as they know far more than I. Anyhow...here goes:

Drinks: Iruna has an impressive wine list, with a wide variety for most any palette that walks through the door. If you can't find a glass you enjoy on this menu, then you need to re-evaluate yourself as a wine drinker. True to form, I went with the Castellar Cava, and it was perfect. I did notice that the drink menu offers several creative cocktails for those nights when you really want your happy hour to get happy :)

Food: Mitch did a lot of the ordering, but what he did order was amazing! Aaron's take on the tomato mozz salad was done with a spanish cheese of some kind that you are going to have to go try for yourself because I can't describe its flavor exactly. Its so good! It was creamier than mozz, but had an extra flavor to it that I just cant describe. Aside from that I tried the goat cheese croquettas, the lamb and the brussel sprouts. Basically I was really hungry. Ok, the goat cheese croquettas...I was a little over powered by salt for some reason with this dish. Not really sure why. The lamb? Yes. Do it. Multiple times. I finished off this evening with the chocolate torta...which was practically orgasmic. Just enough, not too much, and very very sumptuous. 

The atmosphere: I want to dance a little when I hear the music in this place! The combination of music, lighting and color scheme will definately put you in a good mood. Its very open, and there is a high top that seats larger parties in the middle. Something about that table makes you want to invite your friends and your family to join you...while being very chic at the same time. 

For a first time tapas experience, I had a blast. Many more visits to come :)
I heard about this place from my girlfriend at work.  Once i realized it was in the old Pischkies location I was really curious to see what they had done to the place.  I don't think I have been in there since I was a pre-teen!  Wow what a difference It is a gorgeous restaurant!  I started with a caipirinha which was very refreshing... the perfect summer drink.  The Tapas dishes we tried were the Spinach & Goat Cheese Croquettas, Calamari con Pimenton and the Pil Pil (fish of the day) which was a trout dish.  All were really good and would love to come back to try more of the cold dishes since we seemed to stick to the hot side the first visit out:)  Stay tuned for a update:)
Oh Iruna you have captured my heart!  To start my friend and I had the tortilla espanola which had thinly sliced potatoes held together with a mixture of onion, paprika, and egg.  A lemon aioli was drizzled over the thick slice and it was a really great way to start our tapas feast.  The rest of the meal consisted of lovely mild potato/spinach/ cheese puffs served with a romesco sauce, chicken served is a spicy oil with a creamy sauce towards the center and topped with pickled onions * drool *, shrimp coated in spices and garlic, and ,of course, a pitcher of red sangria.  
Our waitress was super sweet and very attentive.  Anytime our glasses were getting low she'd swing by our table to refill them.  With such good food and service I'll definitely be going back to Iruna soon.
I actually went twice in one week because this place is just that good.  Holy cow, everything on their menu is DELICIOUS!

I probably tasted half their menu in those 2 excursions and everything was impeccable.  The servers are also really nice.  It's a bit expensive but totally worth it for how great the food is.  Perfect date night!

The decor is very modern.  On a beautiful night, I definitely recommend sitting out on their patio.

The only thing that knocks this down a star is their sangria.  It wasn't that good for a Spanish restaurant and I think a good sangria needs to be a staple in any tapas bar.  The first time I went to Iruna was on a Saturday night and it was packed and very loud.  You definitely need a reservation if you're going to go on a Friday or Saturday.
Just a quick note as I need to go back and fully experience the restaurant.  

I stopped by especially to see my friend Holly.  You must ask for her as your server.  I had a great glass of Castellar Cava.  Holly was able to sit with me after work.  We ordered the scallops and trout.  Also, a side of the olives that were nicely touched with citrus peel and garlic cloves.  I really enjoyed the trout.   

I need to go back when I have a couple of hours to lay back and dine.  Inside tip, sign up for their email list and receive a free pitcher of Sangria.
Sometimes you get lucky and find yourself in the right place at the right time.

My girlfriend and I went over to Iruna after another event to check them out.  Lucky for us, it was the grand opening party and all the food and drinks were free.

The paella was really good with lots of shrimp.  The tapas they passed around were tasty as well.  My favorites were the bacon wrapped dates and the tortilla espanola which is a traditional Spanish egg tapa.

We liked both the red and white sangrias.

This is a cool place and I'll be back to get some more Spanish food and wine very soon.
It was the summer of 1994... 
Salamanca Spain.
I was there for a six week study abroad program, and I loved every moment of it, but I particularly loved the culture and the food!

This all came back to me last night when I went to Iruna for their grand opening.  I felt like I was back in Spain as I drank sangria, people-watched, enjoyed the fabulous service, and of course, savored samples from Aaron May's latest menu...

The tortilla espanola was my favorite, but I was also a fan of the gazpacho and the artichoke and clams.  One look at the regular menu and there is a ton more comida that I'll have to try.

If you like any of the following, let me know:
*ensalada de arroz con atun
*pulpo a la gallega
*paella
*spinach and goat cheese croquettas
*calamari con pimenton
*gambas al ajillo
*any / all of the vegetable sides - gotta get that verdura in!

We can set up a tapas date and share!

And it looks like their "hora feliz" (4:30 - 6:30 daily) has some awesome deals!

I'd like to eventually travel back to Spain to relive that summer, but in the meantime, I look forward to making do at Iruna!
I was hoping that the food would be as great as the vibe this place offers, but in the end I was less than pleased.  We tried 4 different items and both agreed that only 1 of them was good at best and that we should stop ordering.

I don't know much about the Basque region and their cuisine (Tapas) but I do know that if it consists of no flavor and no substance then Iruna does a great job at preparing this style of cooking. 

Overall I was very disappointed with the food, which is sad because I really wanted this place to serve great food.  If your going to serve finger foods (Tapas) then at least let the little niblets pack a mean punch of flavor.

1 star for atmosphere 
1 star for music 
No star for food

This is only my opinion so don't let my review discourage you from trying it for yourself.

Tony Shoes
Hmm, I'm mixed on this place.  The menu looked interesting, so I was excited to try it for a reverse HH on Saturday.  I was with a big party of about 15 people.   We sat at the bar and a long table in the middle of the restaurant.  They were totally understaffed, but the bartender was a trooper. She didn't even show her stress when we crowded the bar and all tried to order drinks at once.  It wouldn't be so bad, but all their specialty drinks were complicated and made with fresh fruit juice... not conducive to a busy bar.   Besides our group there weren't too many people in the place.  I ordered some goat cheese and spinach fried things and some warm olives.  The cheese crisps were overcooked, and the outside coating was burnt.  They were served with what appeared to be a red pepper hummus.  I believe they were cooked properly they would have been delicious.  I had a cairpirinha martini and it was very good. My bf had a mojito, he also enjoyed it.  I think Iruna has a lot of kinks to work out in order to be successful in this location, but I'll try it again in a month or so and see if it gets any better.
Went there last week for the second time. Amazing to see how much they stepped it up from the first time to the second time (in less than one months time). 
First time we loved the atmosphere and the service was great...but the food was mediocre.  Not entirely surprising for a new restaurant, I suppose. 
This last time - the food was the standout. Ever single item we had - and we had no less than 10 things from their tapas selection - was over the top fantastic. And the service remained at a high level. 
It's really nice to see those in charge be humble enough to know what isn't working and change it. Don't even know the details of what they tweaked and I don't really even care. I just care that the food is some of the best my wife and I have had in a very long-time.
Kudos to Iruna!
Went to Iruna last wknd for reverse happy hour on a Saturday. It was my birthday, so i had a little over a dozen ppl with me.  This was our second stop and the intent was to try a new place, score some hh-priced drinks and maybe grab a bite if anyone was hungry. Mission accomplished!  I really dug the place. I like the modern and open feel to the restaurant and bar. It was just before 11 and there were no tables open for my large group, but that was fine since we were mostly drinking anyways. The bartender was cool and made us drinks as fast as we could order em. The Pomegranate Martini was da bomb! So good i had 2! Some friends ordered food and they said it was good, but i only tasted the potatoes (yummy). I was too busy being the birthday girl to eat. =)  Chatted up some ladies at the bar who ended up being off-duty servers at Iruna. They encouraged me to come back for dinner, which i expressed a desire to do, and even bought me a shot!  Once i get back here for dinner, i look forward to updating with more food details and awarding another star!
Very pleased with our first visit to Iruna. From atmosphere to food and service, it was a great dining experience. Ordered a variety of plates, but the asparagus (side), pollo colonial and patatas bravas were evening faves and will be repeat orders in the future.

The only downer of the night was the lack of noise mitigation, which made it difficult to enjoy conversation through dinner. Hoping Iruna can resolve this soon, or future dinners will have to occur at the early-bird hours.
Met some girlfriends here for our monthly Happy Hour date...  

I was a little sad to learn that "Hora Feliz" prices were available only at the bar - this made it a little harder for the 4 of us to chat.  Luckily the restaurant wasn't too loud, and bartender Monty took very good care of us.  

I think we ended up trying all the happy hour tapas.  Everything was quite tasty.  We ordered seconds of the Patatas Bravas - sure, it's not the most exciting thing on the menu, but when something's good....

Both the red and white sangria were delish...the house-infused brandy adds great flavor.

So glad to have a quality tapas restaurant in town!  I will definitely be back.  ¡Viva Iruña!
What can I say about Iruna except that I have thought about the food, literally, every day since I ate it. 

We went in on a Monday night for date night and had a fabulous experience from soup to nuts. Or Sangria to olives I should say. First off it is beautiful inside, very modern and minimalistic. I loved the open feel and the minute I saw the outdoor space, I began envisioning throwing a great party there. Even the bathroom sink was sleek and cool! 

Our server Andrew was a delight. Very knowledgeable and super attentive without being too hovery. After we placed our order, my husband asked him to pick a glass of red wine that he thought would compliment the food and what he brought did so beautifully. I chose the red sangria and although it was a little cherry heavy for me, I still finished the glass. Next time I will try the white. 

The food was out of this world. We ordered 9 different items and could have ordered 9 more but there was just two of us. The highlights were the brussel sprouts, the patatas bravas, and the croquettas. And the cheese platter you HAVE to get the cheese platter. 

I could go on and on but instead I will just say, go and try it for yourself. I promise you won't be disappointed.
It's true!

I haven't been one of Aaron May's biggest fans over the past few years.

Ranging from the mediocre and puzzling "Lodge" to the execrable and gloomy "Over Easy" (and it's lamentable cousin at the skating rink in NoSco)...I just haven't cared much for his offerings...no pizzazz....at least to me (oh sure, I saw the Travel Channel special, too...I know the Sasquatch is gigantic and gooey, but even I have my standards).

But I'm prepared to change my thinking about the AM empire, all because of a few small plates of food...tapas...done the way tapas should be done!

I wanted to stand up and applaud after my first few bites of the first plates to reach our table last night!

But The Beautiful Carin was nibbling my ear and murmuring about love, the wine, the food, the warm night and the mood and well...standing up and applauding would have been embarrassing!

So we sat there and snuggled in our little booth-like corner on the patio for a couple of hours and had a number of marvelous small plates and a couple of glasses of excellent wine and thought "How very, completely civilized!"

And, then we thought, "Why haven't we been back to Espana, lately?"...Well, why bother with the flight when Iruna is within walking distance!

Spend the airfare on tapas and wine!

Iruna is a marvelous little Tapas bar that would be right at home in Malaga on the Costa del Sol...no kidding!

From the communal bar/table to the walled patio to the colors and the lighting, somebody got the décor just right!

And Iruna got the menu right, too!

Crispy Chicken with garlic and pickled onions; shaved ham, quince and cheese cold plates; spicy scampi with a soothing aioli and chilled asparagus with spicy romesco all hit just the right note...well thought out and well executed dishes...satisfying, tasty and delightful!

We even had room for a little dessert!

We shared (so sweetly intimate) some sort of chocolate/vanilla crème pudding with orange liqueur and dark chocolate sauce...decadent and the perfect accompaniment to the very solid selection of available porto's  (I really did feel like I was back on the Iberian Peninsula for a while last night).

While we didn't hit the bar too hard last evening, we did glance through the selection of single malts (a big "hello" to Mac and all the Glen's) and took note of the decent selection of brandies, cognac's and bourbons  (and for my buddy Brian...Blanton's, Woodford's Reserve and Rowan Creek are on the menu, too).

After a busy week and a hectic Friday, it is hard to imagine a much better way to spend a warm Friday evening than a leisurely and sensual dinner of tapas and wine with the girl of my dreams, followed by a slow stroll home and...
Came here a few weeks ago and totally spaced on putting in my 2 cents...but so good!  went there with a few friends on a sunday night and the atmosphere was a little more relaxed so I'm excited to go on a busier night and see what the energy is like.  There food is over the top and they gave some great wine recommendations- we also tried their sangria which was delicious.  Really fresh food and fun to share with friends and try lots on the menu.
I would definitely go back! My friend had signed up for something and had a free pitcher of Sangria coupon, so we hung out during Happy Hour.  I ordered the tomato toast and gazpacho and enjoyed both. The tomato toast had a "sneaky" spice to it (probably just the garlic), and the gazpacho tasted as though it was made from fresh tomatoes. 

Between myself and two friends, we ordered 6 small dishes plus our dessert. The sangria was free, but I was pretty surprised when our bills were each only $12 or so.  The service was great, and the waiter at the bar constantly refilled our waters and/or sangria. 

The only complaint I would have is that during happy hour, you sit at the bar area. It was sometimes hard to hear and see everyone sitting like that. Also, parking can be messy in that part of Scottsdale. Luckily we avoided that due to the time of our arrival.  Also, they do not take Discover, which is my credit card of choice.

Update: 
I think some of my other friends will probably not return now.  I went again with some friends for just a few things and Sangria. It was pretty much dead, yet we were rushed to pay our check. I was trying to count my cash, and the waiter kept asking for what we wanted to do. I asked if we could have some time, and it was like day to night - suddenly not so Mr. Friendly.  Ah well, I live in Phoenix.... not really in my neck of the woods.  After that, we got some stares from the staff, although the patio was completely empty - no one else was waiting!
Iruna has a way of sneaking up on you. At work, I developed a mad sangria craving after assigning a photographer to shoot some Tapas restaurants in NYC, then I stumbled upon a review of one of Iruna's signature tapas dishes. Sweet synchronicity.

We arrived early for hora feliz and sat at the bar--either there or outside on the patio are the happy hour hot spots. We started off with the sangria, red was our choice. It was quite delicious and refreshing--as we neared the end of the pitcher, my friend grabbed my arm and announced: "We need to order another one!" Our tapas were the Pollo Colonial and the Patatas Bravas. Both were really tasty. The Colonial tasted like shaved thigh meat chicken, lightly battered, fried and doused in a spicy sweet syrupy sauce, then topped with pickled onions. The Patatas Bravas reminded me of perfectly cooked chunky home fries which are then covered in a savory spicy sauce. Yum. 

The bar staff was extremely attentive and friendly & the atmosphere is art gallery modern minimalist. Will definitely be back when the weather is a little nicer so I can take over their patio.

P.S. It's already been mentioned, but make sure you sign up for their mailing list on their web site, in August you receive a coupon for a free pitcher of Sangria--the drink of the gods--a $20 value.

P.S.S. They told me they have a reverse happy hour on Friday and Saturday nights.
Iruna is a great new venue in Old Town Scottsdale. Served up in a cool atmosphere they prepare delicious tapas and great wine. I highly recommend the Lamb, Tomato Salad, and Trout dishes. If you're not sure what to order the servers are very helpful and will point you in the right direction especially with wine tastings. If you plan on being there for a while though don't sit at the bar or a high top as the bar stools are horribly uncomfortable. My back still hurts.
We are big fans of Aaron May, so anticipation was high as we made our reservation for a Friday night at Iruna. We had mourned the loss of Sol y Sombra, so we were excited to see the similarities and differences of one of our all time favorite Valley restaurants. 

Right off the bat, the service hit the mark. Seated promptly, our server was busy, but made a point of stopping by and telling us she'd be right with us. Not long after, drinks were ordered and delivered (big plus!), and we were being walked through the menu. 

I think, in the end, we split about 6 different plates. The Gambas ah Ajillo (shrimp) and the Scallops were our favorites. They were simply amazing. The lamb disappointed a bit, unfortunately (Erik has VERY high mutton expectations!), but the pork loin, chicken meatballs and the spinach with chick peas were all fantastic. 

While 6 plates seems like a lot, the portions are small and we left with the rare feeling of having tasted so many wonderful & different flavors, yet not feeling like complete hogs! 

We enjoyed the meal so much that were back just a few days later. With a friend in town for business, we needed a place in Old Town that was unique, fun and where our friend had never been. We received tons of compliments from him on the food and ambiance. Somehow we managed to maintain our reputation of being in tune with all that's hip and delicious in the Valley. Thanks, Iruna, for making us look so cool!
Tried the Artichokes and Clams, as well as the Chicken Meatballs for the first time this weekend at Iruna...to die for. Absolutely to die for.
Cool place - great service from our bartender, great atmosphere and great happy hour = recipe for success!  Aaron May knows how to do it!
It's not too often that I give a restaurant five stars, but there was something about this place.

We didn't have any reservations, and in fact had the intention of having dinner at a Japanese place, but we walked past Iruna twice before saying the heck with the original plans.  I am so glad we did.

The hostess, our server, the food, the little cozy table on the patio with only a candle lighting our space somehow all came together to make me feel very special.  Sometimes, it's not just about the food and more about how you feel while you're eating it.  I definitely have a sweet spot for Iruna now.  But enough with the mushy stuff and on with the review!

Hostess: A+
Even though we didn't have reservations, she was very polite and accommodating.  We didn't have to wait more than five minutes (although please note it was a Tuesday evening).

Server: A+
As first-time guests, we weren't familiar with the menu and our server did an amazing job with all his recommendations!  There wasn't one dish we didn't practically lick clean.  He also knew just the right number of times to check in with us.  Loved that.

Food: A+
-Sliced Apples, Fennel, and Walnut Grapefruit Salad: very interesting combination that surprisingly worked!
-Asparagus con Romesco: perfectly cooked
-Tomato, Onion, and Naval Cheese: some of the best heirloom tomatoes I've ever eaten
-Spinach and Goat Cheese Croquettas: I wish we had ordered more of these!
-Chistorra (Spanish chorizo): a little bit on the salty and dry side, but still good
-Alaskan Halibut Pil Pil: my favorite of the evening - SO GOOD!

Ambience: A+
I know they have some really big inviting booths for indoor seating, but I am all about the outdoor seating option.  It was late in the evening, the stars were out, soft music playing in the background, and candlelight... just perfect.

I really hope I'll get the chance to come back here...
When stepping into the open and contemporary space at Iruna, one gets a small taste of Barcelona.  Exposed brick is on one wall, covered with abstract art which is something one can see throught the city .  Wooden beams run across the exposed ceilings.  A wall mural depicting "La Seu" cathedral brings the concept home.

We started the tasting adventure with their signature "Ginger limonata" (sky Ginger vodka, muddled with candied Ginger, fresh lemons, lemonade, and Sierra mist ) and a Red sangria (wonderful bouquet and spicy taste with its 5 different types of brandy, still Spanish wine, oranges, lemons, limes, and apples)

Next came the chilled vegetable soup, "Gazpacho" which has a tart flavor and is very robust for being a chilled soup.  Not my cup of soup...

However, what followed after made up for it completely.  Possibly my favorite item on the menu was the bacon wrapped bleu cheese and date, a gorgeous flavor combination.

The taste barometer went down a notch again with the Chistorra - a Spanish chorizo braised in cider with crisp baby artichokes.  Perhaps it was the way the chorizo is prepared, but it was too dry and too spicy.  The smokey flavor would indicate that the sausage had been smoked, explaining why it was so dry - I think the chorizo wanted a partner with more flavor, not the artichoke.

Other menu items that were sampled were the toast with asparagus and romesco sauce, Serrano ham, as well as the roasted eggplant with tomato, onion, and peppers.

Seafood paella with shrimp, mussels, and calamari was also on the menu, though something was lacking with the flavor.

The highlight of this tasting experience were the Patatas bravas (a crunchy, well seasoned potato with paprika) and the cauliflower in parsley broth (huge fan!!!)  These were two menu items that I sorely missed when Sol Y Sambra closed its doors at Market Street.  

Now, luckily, the tapas are back.  There are many more items of note on their menu, many of them seafood and beef.  Our particular visit was part of an event where a selection of items from their menu were provided for sampling.  We will return to explore all of the flavors Iruna has to offer.
So here's the scenario:

A foodie website with lots of citizen reviewers is holding an event at your restaurant.  You go in knowing the people at the event will in all likelihood write reviews of your restaurant.

Do you:

A. Treat the attendees as if you are doing them a favor, run out of food early and generally put out the feeling that you would like the whole ordeal to be over as fast as possible so you can get these folks out of your establishment.

B. Seize the opportunity to put your best foot forward and capitalize on the opportunity to present your great food and friendly, professional staff to the reviewing community, in the hopes of receiving praise and business in return.

If you chose B you do not run Iruna.

To be honest, I am not privy to the negotiations and such that go on between Yelp and a restaurant hosting an event.  I do however have a solid grasp of business and marketing.

In my opinion, Iruna's behavior at the recent Yelp event reflected answer A above rather than B.  It was unfortunate.  

The food varied from good to mediocre.  I heard some folks got more than a few morsels, I'm not sure who they were.

I experienced attitude from staff members myself and witnessed a number of other people receive the same.  I was frankly quite surprised.  It was clear to me the staff did not grasp the opportunity they were presented with and viewed the event as a problem to get through.

As a contrast, I attended a Yelp event at The Breakfast Joynt over a year ago. The staff and management was pleasant and welcoming and the food was very good.  I have returned to The Breakfast Joynt 6-7 times since the event.

I won't be back to Iruna.
Very disappointing. When we got there, a couple was walking by and the lady was giving the thumbs down when she passed the restaurant. We asked them why and they said that it was not worth going there. We should have believed her...

I know spanish food and my wife is from Spain - and this restaurant was not even seriously trying to be spanish.

Rectangular croquetas so dry that you need the wierd sauce that goes with to eat them? Tortilla de patatas which was a thick slice of some potato and egg cake with onions nowhere to be seen?

One more thing. Iruña is the Basque name for the city of Pamplona (where the bull run takes place in the streets every year), which is in spanish Basque Country. But when you enter the restaurant, you see a huge mural of the Sagrada Familia which is in Barcelona - in Cataluña, not Basque Country. Somebody had their landmarks mixed up...

In summary:  bad food and the ambiance is cold. Not at all what you would expect from a so-called Basque restaurant. A place to avoid.
The food here was disappointing.  I could easily make any of it at home with very little effort. Completely over-priced.  Don't waste your time or money.

I didn't even taste the goat cheese in the Spinach & Goat Cheese Croquettas.  At first I thought the romesco sauce was bland but it grew on me.  The Salpión de Cangrejo (crab with cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes, cauliflower and sherry dressing) was OK but it's simple and the sherry dressing was on the bland side.  After that I ordered the olives and pickled garlic and Serrano ham & Manchego cheese because I knew the chef couldn't ruin them.  

The frozen almond nougat desert was strange.  The crunchy part tasted like cold cereal.

Two stars for the service.
Decided to try something different for dinner this Saturday and made a reservation at Iruna. 

     Excited to try some Tapas, I ordered a variety of cold and hot dishes.  They came out quickly and were all very tasty.  Patatas Bravas is my favorite food EVER!

     Liquor was on the menu for this Saturday night and I had a nice Spanish beer, followed by a well made Gin drink.  Table guests all enjoyed their drinks as well including a really fantastic martini looking drink.

      Tapas is a food we need more of in the USA.  My visit to Madrid, Barcelona, and other cities in Spain in 1990 introduced me to this wonderful food.  I still yearn for a "Tapas Bar" like they have all over Spain.

     Architecturally Iruna was terrific.  A touch noisy inside but generally a great layout with a killer outdoor patio. 

     Coctails now flowing and fresh Tapas every few minutes... what more could a person want!  Unfortunately the "Tortilla Espanola" was 86'd.  Will have to come back for that soon.    My only complaint, the pork loin (Lomo) was a bit dry.  

     Healthy food is not only about ingredients and technique, but also portion control.  We were all happy to share a few smaller plates and not have to waddle out the back door.

     Iruna is a great addition to the Phoenix scene, cant wait to try their other restaurant.


ITB.
Eat, drink, repeat.  This was a wonderful dinner.  We started with the tortilla espanola and my friend who went to Spain recently said it was better than what he had in Spain.  I ordered the Salpicon de Congrejo and it was very light and refreshing.  The waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable and down to earth.  We then ordered the Pollo colonial and lomo con romesco.  The flavor was beyond belief, it was so pleasing to the palate.  My chicken had this wonderful crispiness that was yet still delicate and flavorful.  My glass of malbec was really good.  The owner also came to our table and asked how everything was and apologized for it the restaurant temperature being too cold, but we did not find it cold, so it was great to meet the owner.  To top it off I had a an almond desert that was unique.  The music and atmosphere was perfect,  I can't wait to come here again, I know some folks have mentioned the portion sizes ,but I found the key is to order a number of dishes together and share.  Lastly, thanks groupon for the introduction, this place really stands out.
Very good food. We had tortilla espanola, which was good but would have preferred it with chorizo on it.  We also ordered the spinach and goat cheese croquettes, which were delicious albeit too small a portion (only 3 in the order), and the mushrooms with garlic and olive oil. Those were unreal, and I'm usually no fan on mushroom.  We also had the short rib special (the only non-tapa in the menu)and it was amazing.  Sangria was very good too.

It's a little bit pricey, especially for tapas, but the quality is excellent.
Let's start with a confession. Tapas kind of scare me. Don't get me wrong, I love them, but the small portions scare me. With that being said my boyfriend and I left Iruna completely satisfied both in our minds and in our bellies. The service was great. We arrived late for our reservation and I thought they would have canceled it by then, but nope they seated us right away. We ordered the tortilla, which was as good as the ones in Madrid, croquettes, octopus salad, pollo, and the lamb. It was all delicious. They staff was friendly and even the manager came around to make sure we were attended to. I will def come again. PS. the seating outside is very comfortable when you sit in the booth.
Finally had a chance to try Iruña.  If you go through my old reviews, you'll see that Sol y Sombra was my absolute most favorite restaurant in the Valley until it abruptly closed.  This made me muy triste.  

Sol y Sombra 2 - aka Iruña - is just as good.  Most of my favorite dishes and cocktails made the leap from NoSco to OTS thankfully.  So did most of my favorite employees...and they remembered me!

The ONLY negative thing I can think of is that they got rid of my favorite dessert - the baked apple.  Eating it was like going down on an angel.  Put that back on the menu!
Wow, this place was a disappointment. 

A group of us ended up here around 10pm on a Friday night. We were seated pretty quickly. The menu looked good, but was very limited for a tapas place. 

We ordered a couple bottles of wine and started to order food and the first 2 things we asked for on the menu, they were out of. Really? I mean if you only have a handful of things on the menu, you might want to make sure you don't run out of anything. 

We finally decided on some plates to share and to say that they were small is an insult to all things small. It would be one thing if it was small and the best thing I had ever eaten, but most of it was mediocre at best. The other thing, there was almost no bread served with dishes. It's tough to sit around, talk and enjoy yourself when the portions are are only a couple of bites. God forbid you actually come here for dinner instead of a snack, you'll drop a hundred bucks a person to get full. 

If you want a good Spanish inspired meal, skip this place and walk a couple blocks over to The Mission, you'll be glad you did.
Perhaps it was because my first meal at Iruna occured literally less than an hour after I got off the plane from my trip to Barcelona, but I was unimpressed with the food I had a chance to sample.

The artichoke croquettes were tasty, but the gambas con ajo just ok and the tomato salad was covered in so much oil and onion that it was rendered virtually inedible (and I love onion) I also ordered the cheese plate with roasted beets but that never showe up, and by the time I could flag down the bartender to ask about it, we had been ready to leave for 20 min.

I LOVED Sol y Sombra, and I love tapas in general....so I am willing to give this place a second chance, but Tapas Papas Fritas, which is less than a mile from Iruna, offered, IMO much better tapas....minus the fake Scottsdale scene and inattentive staff.
This is one of the best things to happen to old town in quite awhile - and a damn fine tribute to the hallowed ground of Pischke's Paradise. Iruna offers some seriously good food, a modern euro-lounge atmosphere, great cocktails (Try the "Ginger Lemonado"), and a really comfy patio. The staff are passionate, talented, and eager to please.
Yummy!  Great ambience, awesome customer service, and delicious food.  We were pleasantly surprised at how tender and affordable their organic short rib special was.  The tortilla espanola was perfect and the gambas were delicious.
I would give this place more stars if the prices were lower or the food was better. Unfortunately, expensive prices for mediocre food is not for me.

We tried 5 dishes here, and neither of us were excited about any of them. The calamari was bland and rubbery, the patatas (although cooked very well) were doused in too much sauce, and the cheese croquettes were just okay. The filet was the best thing we ordered, and it was pretty good. The creme brulee dessert was not very good.

Our server was very friendly, but the server for nearby tables was quite loud and annoying.

All in all, I would have been pretty happy if our food cost half as much as it did.
Did anybody have their Sangria?  Yeah my first drink from Iruna's and I fell in love.  I don't drink much fruity drinks these days, but I don't mind it here.  I can dig the food -- tapas, but I can't say I'm overwhelming wow'd by this place.  I kinda had high expectations, but I guess I shouldn't have.  The food was cooked to perfection, but it just didn't make my palates want to party.  I actually enjoyed it when my food got cold --weird!  The atmosphere is probably the best Iruna's can offer -- its underground swanky chill feel seduces my senses -- whoa!  Oh behave....!  Our service was great and it's always great every time I've attended - kudos my fellow waiters and waitresses - for I once was a great waiter :) - Enjoy!
I won't spend too much time on this review because I don't particularly want to relive my evening again, but I can say this was my second and last trip to Iruna.  Tomato bread had no tomatoes, calamari was soggy and had no flavor (had to ask for salt and lemon), and HH specials were not offered (only available at the bar/patio--despite not saying that anywhere on the menu or website).

I'll give them credit for a solid snapper dish (at $5 a bite), and the server did recommend a nice tempranillo (although 2nd on his list behind the $15/glass of course).  The place was pretty empty until 9:00 on a Friday, and the menu is fairly limited and pricey for what you get.

Some may enjoy this place, and although there was nothing traumatic about my dining experience Iruna is just a "miss" for me.
RIP Sol y Sambra and welcome Iruna to Old Town.  This place is to me what Scottsdale is all about.  Amazing decor, great food (tapas (although it is not very large)), and a patio that is cooled...how "cool" is that?  This is a great place to eat every so often since if you eat there enough, it wont be long before you kind of have eaten everything a few times.  Since the menu is not too different from Sol y, it has not been on the top of my list since I dined so often at Sol y.  If you havent been go...its too bad that the other yelpers who rated this place had a bad time....I have yet to be disappointed.
Sorry Iruna, I can't give you the  "Just opened Pass" anymore.  In an attempt to give Iruna a redemption from our first visit, my hottie and I met up with another couple for "happy hour".  As it turns out,  we were unable to get HH pricing because we were sat at a table inside. We requested outside seating but the host said, "I don't think we have anything outside" If I knew that was going to be a $50 difference in my bill, I would have made him check! 

The good: 
1. Wine selection
2. Red Sangria

The bad.... 
1. Pan con Tomato... oops they forgot the tomato, garlic and salt, so I basically got bread!
2. Spinach and goat cheese sticks... burnt once again, I mean even Arby's has mastered frying cheese!
3.  The prices are ridiculous for the small portions and quality. 

I don't mind spending  over $100 on a meal for two people and hardly getting any food, if  1) every bite is savory and delicious or 2) if it's a really cool place. Iruna is neither of these! In fact we left , went to RnR and got more food.
Gosh - so we were in Phoenix for a weekend: knowing no one - we had to figure this out all by ourselves....it is easy Phoenix is um well different, let's just leave it at that. So through some research, instinct and guessing we found Iruna-a breath of fresh air!

Just to get this out of the way: I only gave four stores because the cocktails were poor quality- this is 2011 if you want to be swank get you a mixologist today.

Back to the good stuff - the cutest hostess if not the cutest woman in all of phoenix greeted us with a SMILE and a can do unassuming I am going to take care of you attitude (reminder this is phoenix). Place was cute yea yea the Miro mural is cliche (but this is phoenix). While I think it is super wasteful to offer outside seating and then provide propane heaters (this is phoenix) and it was super cute outside and the music was loungey and perfect for our evening - oh hey and uncute but super informed server.

Now for the food - yea! real food ! roasted quail=perfect PEREFCT - crispy, juicy, tender, yummy - duck confit with pear and some super special almond yumm (note to chef crumble/break the almonds for flavor and sharing)

Grilled baby octopus, not very localvore, but impressed that this is even on the menu (this is phoenix) and lovely!

gosh did I mention the quail? We had a lovely cheese plate, brussel sprouts, gosh calamari and yea we ate way too much and it was all super - we will go back next time we are in Phoenix!

So then Chef Brian stops by our table asks us about our food we explain how thankful we are to have found such a spot and the food is yummy good great portions and he invites us to Mabel's on Main-rewrite he drives us to to Mabel's on Main.

Stop in - order wine not cocktails - you will have a super meal....

Note to the nosy middle aged couple next to us - yes we are gay yes we are biracial please stop staring (oh yea this is phoenix).
Excellent service and good wine. Spinach and goat cheese croquettes really good. Egg potato tortilla bland.
Iruna is good enough to draw me back, but I'm still seeking a 4- or 5-star tapas place in Scottsdale.  We went on a Tuesday night and had no problem getting seated outside. We had a pitcher of sangria (great), the gazpacho, chistorra, Serrano ham, spinach & goat cheese croquettas, gulf snapper, lamb chops, sol y sombra, and mel i mato.  The most disappointing was the croquettas, the most memorable was the sol y sombra.  Otherwise everything was OK but not memorable.  To rate higher, the menu needs to be longer and somewhat lower priced.
ll the items on the menu sounded good, but nothing jumped out as "must try". Our dinner reservation was at 8:30, but we got there early. The bar seats were all taken and the area didn't seem inviting so we went elsewhere for a drink. We got back at 8:30 and got seated at a dirty table. We ordered a sangria which was not great (I'm kind of a sangria snob). It was very  heavy on brandy or some other sweet liquor. We ordered the Tortilla Espanola and Artichokes and Clams, but they were both sold out. We ended up with the Spinach and Goat Cheese Croquettas, which we liked. We also ordered the Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp had great flavor), Calamari (ok, but lay off the mayo (aoili) served with all seafood), and Pollo Colonial (was the best). The portions were not small, but for the price, I'm not sure we were greatly satisfied. Overall, the experience was only ok.
I enjoy this place.  I think it is the best Sangria in town.  The Pollo Colonial is a dish that I actually crave.  I hear people say "it isn't REAL tapas", and they are right.  It is contemporary tapas.  They put some new twists on tapas.  If the prices were just a little lower, I would give it 5 stars, but I am price conscious.  I can't say I have had one bad dish there, but some do rise above the others.  It is also a good place for patio dining, and the decor is more sophisticated than other tapas places in town.  There are some nights that Iruna won't be the best place to go, and others when it is perfect, and it depends on your mood, and the mood of the people you are with.  Think tapas with style, and that is Iruna.  4.44449 stars from me.
Went there for a second time on Sunday.  The first time I came, I was underwhelmed.  I think the problem was that I went with only one other and this time I came with 5 others.  It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon and over pitchers of Sangria ($20.00 specials on Sunday) and copious amounts of food I rediscovered the restorative quality of good food and great friends.  Had serrano ham and manchego with quince paste, pollo colonial (my favorite), lamb with mustard and mint, pan con tomate, quail with lentils and chicken drumettes.  With the exception of the drumettes (which tasted like overly fancy buffalo wings), the rest of the food was exceptional.  Small portions, yes.  A smidge pricey yet, but the communal feeling of being with your good friends in the open air sharing vino and small plates is priceless.
Quick review: Great food, service and ambiance.  However, it's not cheap, and it helps to eat something beforehand, or else you'll be quite hungry (or poor) when you leave.  

I received a coupon for a free pitcher of sangria at Iruna as a consolation prize from a terrible breakfast at Over Easy.  I sat on the coupon for about 6 months (there was no expiration date), until I decided one day that no coupon with a $32 value should go unused. 

I asked around, and those who had been there before urged me to eat something beforehand.  "My wife and I spent over $100 there when we went," one acquaintance proclaimed.  "And I was STARVING when we left.  It was good though."  Other comments were similar, so I grabbed a sandwich at Chik-Fil-A before heading to the restaurant.

I'd made a reservation, and the two of us were seated immediately at a very large U-shaped booth that required us to sit next to each other so we could talk clearly.  This worked well, since we were sharing everything.  The (free!) white sangria was delicious and gigantic - we left at least a couple of glasses unconsumed at the end of the evening.

We split four dishes - the apple-grapefruit-fennel salad, the gazpacho, calamari and scallops.  All were cooked and flavored wonderfully, and though the plates were small, they were not minuscule or microscopic.  I'd say that if you go there on an empty stomach, 4 plates would probably be enough per person.  Had I not eaten before, I probably would have ordered a couple more items.

Although we had a small order and it was a Saturday night, at no point did it feel like we were being rushed.  Our server was knowledgeable and polite, and our food came promptly.  Also, the booth was on a far wall of the restaurant, so we got to people-watch and soak in the atmosphere of the place, which was quite pleasant.

Thanks to the coupon, the bill was almost 50% less than it would have been otherwise.  Given that that averages to around $10 per plate, be ready to drop some serious cash if you're with a large group or a hungry companion.  

I'll probably be back, but I might wait until I get a raise at work (or at least a paycheck) before I return.  If you can afford the bill and want a bunch of tasty things to try, I would definitely recommend it.
I can't believe people have fallen for this place....a nice looking dining room does not make a good restaurant.
The Tapas restaurant in little old Fountain Hills puts this place to shame.  Do not order any of the cocktails...they are all just basically drinks that have juices in them so you can't tell there is little to no alcohol (not to mention they then charge you nine dollars for it)

There is a specific smell of cat urine/or litter box in the corner of the patio area, I couldn't tell if it was coming from the cushions or the faux grass area....alas it must have been the cushions...because my jacket smelled like it when I got home (and I do not have a cat).

The food is so so...not horrible....but not outstanding....and when I spend 140 for dinner i expect to remember it when I walk out the door...
I've been missing Lola's Tapas for about a year now and have been in search of  a new Tapas place. Tapas Papas Fritas is good, but more formal than Iruna. Iruna felt more casual while still being trendy and nice inside. The sangria was muy yummy. I recommend signing up for their e-mail list, better yet- I recommend signing up for ALL email lists (you almost will always be rewarded with something gratis). Anywho, I recommend Happy Hour to dip your feet in the water. You like, go back for dinner! 

What I ordered (and will most likely order the next time I go back):
Serrano and Manchego- so simple, yet so yummy
Artichokes and Clams in white sauce- this was an interesting choice for us, but I was very pleased. the white sauce wasn't overpowering as it sometimes is
Pollo Colonial- a fantastic alternative to wings- don't get confused. They are nothing like regular wings, but do use chicken wing meat in a great aioli type sauce 
Patatas Bravas- papas weren't dry or overcooked. The sauce was interesting, it was like an explosion of pimenton, but i like pimenton so it worked.
I suddenly only remember the music; which was amazing. The outdoor area was really relaxing after a long flight from Seattle. 

Broccoli; umm... not that great. Food was really not all that impressive. 

The atmosphere won me over. Not sure I would go back.
The diver scallops were delicious and the mussels were awesome! The service was terrible! The atmosphere is great, but our waiter sucked! He was rude and lazy! I went there for my friend's 40th bday and the server became flustered and nasty by the end of the party!
After being open for a year I finally made it to Iruna. What I have been missing for a whole year!  It was sooo good. Great Happy Hour. Our bartender, Quinn was exceptional, very well informed. Every dish we had was delicious and beautifully presented. I can hardly wait to return for dinner.
I am beginning to think I am high maintenance or just have too high of expectations - everyone has talked this place up, but I really wasn;t that impressed....
The decor is great - the patio is a nice touch - don't know how great it will be in the summer - they say it is air controlled, but not sure how well that would work.
The shocking thing is that when we ordered the much hyped sangria - it wasn't hand made - it was a premade sangria bottle - something you could get at the grocery store for $10 a bottle - adding fruit doesnt make it any better...
We ordered the spinach and goat cheese croquettas (good), gambos al ajillo (good) the pollo colonial (the star of the meal), some other items and the brussel sprouts with thyme (way TOO much vinegar drowning the sprouts and no thyme)
For dessert we ordered the cheesecake with figs in a red wine sauce - this was amazing and I would return only to eat this and the pollo colonial.
A huge disappointment.  I had been looking forward to getting to Iruna and experiencing what I thought would be an experience to all the good food, service and times once had at Sol Y Sombra.  Joke was on me and my friends!  

I would give the service 1 star, but because a few of the dishes were very tasteful, I am giving two stars.  The waiter was nice, but did not belong in the service industry.  He called us "dudes" (I wasn't on the beach and he wasn't wearing swim trunks, no need for "dude"), he kneeled on the table bench directly behind us, basically breathing down my neck when he talked (gross), never asked us how the food was, even when we didn't touch more than 2 pieces of the calamari (that was saturated in oil and desperately needed a few squeezes of lemon).  He took dishes away that we were not finished with.  

The food was good - some dishes were great and some were not good at all.  The romesco sauce served with the croquettas was delicious! I could have eaten just a side of the sauce alone.  It has just enough spice and the flavors were spot on.  The trout was another delicious dish.  The fish was cooked to perfection and everything on the plate hit the palette in all the right places.  

The calamari was awful.  It was over fried, and instead of serving with a lemon wedge, was served with a citrus aioli - the concept would have been great if worked with the dish. Even after taking the lemon from my water and squeezing on the dish, it was not appetizing.

If you check them out online and want to go try them for happy hour - sit at the bar (maybe on the patio, I didn't ask) but we were seated in the actual dining area and then told the HH menu was only available at the bar.  No biggie, but not the best way to attract repeat customers.  

The space itself is very nicely decorated, it was comfortable and had a lot of details that worked well with the rest of the decor.  

Overall, I think they did a great job with the space, if they tweaked just some small things with some of the food items, they could make them much better and as for service - contrary to popular belief, just because you're in Scottsdale, doesn't mean your staff should be wearing Ed Hardy t shirts and calling customers "dude".
Great tapas. Favorites were the lamb and quail. The plate of chorizo was a little too much chorizo without anything else going on.
Went here for a Wednesday happy hour and found a great new spot for drinks and tapas! After a few attempts at finding a refreshing, crisp, dry white wine, my friend and i settled on their white sangria. It was delicious. I would've preferred a nice Sauv Blanc, but the sangria was fruity and not too sweet, so it worked out. Their snacks were delicious! We tried the artichokes and clams and the serrano ham with manchego cheese. Very tasty and during happy hour, a great deal! I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their tapas plates and a glass of their red sangria or a nice Spanish wine.

And if you do find a wine you enjoy, Wednesdays are 1/2 price bottles!

Overall the decor was really nice and everyone was very friendly. I saw their patio through a door, but didn't get outside to check it out up close. I will say that their bar stools are not very comfortable.
I went here with Friends last Friday.  All my friends and I use Yelp, at the end of the meal taking cost into perspective we all came to this is a 1 star place.  It was a huge disappointment after looking at the positive reviews.  Our 1st disappointment came because they had a "limited" beer list.  My good buddy just wanted an IPA and all they had was the normal domestic beers and a few other quality ones.  Then, the Spanish ham was not very good and once you take into account the price it was terrible.  We had a sausage plate where the sausage was dry.  The Calamari was extremely oily.  The only positive thing was the lamb chops but once you factor in price that was poor too.  We all came to the conclusion we would never go back.
Checked out Iruna for the first time and I enjoyed myself! I got a little lost trying to find it so just note that it's right on Scottsdale Rd, right next to RA, facing north (hope that helps!). While there, I shared a few tapas with a friend: 
* Sliced apples, fennel, walnut with grapefruit (didn't realize fennel was so delicious, especially made like that!) 
* Spinach and goat cheese croquettas (only thing to compare it to is a fancy mozzarella stick but so much better!) 
* Patatas Bravas (I love me some potatoes and these were in some kind of creamy sauce that was divine!) 

We had one other tapas that was mahi mahi I think. For not being a big fish eater, I thought it was nicely cooked and just the right amount of flavor. It made me open to trying other dishes like it! 

Cool little place that doesn't make you feel like you are in the heart of downtown Scottsdale. I think there is a coupon on restaurant.com that I'll go find before coming back again.
Went here for Arizona Restaurant week. Had a perfect tapas! 
Started with teh Sliced apple fennel/walnut and grapefruit salad adn was so delish. I'm a total Lamb person, so had to try that. I was certainly not disappointed. it was tender and juicy - not overcooked. We also had teh Chistorra, and the chorizo was just spicy enough without overpowering any of the artichokes.
My mother likes this place.  She says the tapas here are better then what she finds at a tapas bar in Chicago (where she is from).
I am so excited to know that they kept some of the favorites from Sol Y Sombra. For about a year I would mourn the death of Pollo Colonial but now I know its alive and well.

We went a couple of week ago and had a conversation with the owner. Good atmosphere, great food, and well worth the drive.
I hadn't been to Iruna since the Yelp Event last year. We made reservation for a party of 8 and were seated immediately upon our arrival.
It was awesome to go with a big group because I was able to sample almost everything on the menu. 

A few of my favorites:
Dates  - Everything is better wrapped in bacon.
Chistorra - Spanish chorizo, while a tad hard the flavor was excellent
Scallops with White Asparagus - Perfectly cooked
Brussel Sprouts - Roasted with Thyme
Gambas - Big and juicy
Trout - Very moist and the rub was smoky and spicy
I was also pretty amazed by both the quail and the duck. Each are items I would not normally order, and each were delicious. Actually, I think the quail was once of my favorites that night.
 
The service was excellent, our drinks were always full, and the food timing was perfect. We finished off with a shot of espresso and were off to enjoy the rest of our evening.

I have to remember to come back for  1/2 Price Bottles of Wine on Wednesday's!!
Keep in mind it is Tapas and the food was good. The bacon wrapped dates were good along with the scallops. The filet mignon was good but not I've never seen filet mignon so small. The lamb with mustard mint was interesting. 

For the price... I could have went to Mortons.
Food, Service, Ambiance: EXCELLENT!

Menu Item Recommendations: Serrano Ham & Manchego, Chistorra, Spinach & Goat Cheese Croquettas, and Brussel Sprouts with Thyme.

Their red sangria is quite good; get a pitcher :)
3 friends and I went for restaurant week.  Iruna has great ambiance and charm.  The service was top-notch, and our server made excellent wine recommendations.  The desserts were amazing.  The other food was just ok.  

Here's what we had:

tapas - tortilla espanola (which was complimentary) was delicious; chistorra (chorizo in cider w/ baby artichokes) was also good; pan con tomate was surprising because it didn't seem to be tapas.  rather it was huge chunks of grilled bread that didn't work well to distribute flavors and was oily.

entrees - trout with salsa navarra, eggplant, roasted peppers, onion and tomato was very nicely cooked and had a nice balance of flavors.  filet mignon with tomatoes and salbitxada was order medium rare but delivered very well done and over-salted.  It was refired, and v2 was the right temperature but still over-salted.  

we glanced at the patio on the way out which looks fantastic.  We return to try some other tapas and sangria on their outdoor couches.
Came Saturday night for Restaurant week. I had the gambas as an appetizer and the lomo as my entree. Ben ordered the pork belly as an app(which doesn't appear to be on the usual menu) and the filet for dinner. The shrimp were delicious but the sauce they came with was really thick and mayo-y. The pork loin was ok, but I wished I'd ordered the Filet, same as Ben. The filet was really well seasoned and delicious! We ordered a bottle of wine.
The atmosphere was really great. I'd try it again for happy hour sometime and get some cocktails that looked so good!
The first time I strolled into this lovely place - I was blown away. People here are so friendly and inviting and I cannot get enough of it. 
Iruna has the best Sangria of all time. Most restaurants add soda to Sangria - it should never be made that way but Iruna does not - they actually know what they are doing. 
Food - One Word - AMAZING!
I had so many dishes here - happy hour boasts lots of discounts. I ended up sharing with other people at the bar - everyone is very inviting and almost like family. 
Highly recommended.
I love this restaurant! The tapas are great I really loved the cauliflower dish. I am looking forward to going back. 
The decor is also very nice. This is on my top ten list of places to eat :)
Good place.  Mother was impressed with the tapas.  To her, the only place that tops this is a tapas bar she went to in Madrid.
Warning: This review is mostly based on service and lack of information, rather than food!

We came here for happy hour and I was going to give this place 4 stars, but they get minus 1 for not advising us where to sit for happy hour prices... and no, I didn't think to ask "geee...what is the designated happy hour seating?" We were the first people there and they just told us to sit where ever we wanted. Also, by the time we left, there was only one other couple and they were definitely not getting the happy hour prices either.
Note: Happy hour seating is ONLY at the bar and bench.

The food and selection was tasty but I've had better in San Diego. I guess I need to try the other tapas joints in the area to provide a better comparison. And I do agree with others that it is a bit pricey, but some of the dishes were worth it. The red sangria was lack-luster. The lamb was good, but small for the price. The croquettes were a little bland. I think my favorite was the Patatas Bravas with was just roasted potatoes covered in a tomato sauce. It was very basic but tasty and satisfying. 

The bill came to approx ~$60 without tip, and when we checked the happy hour prices on some of the items we ordered, we ended up paying an extra $20 at least to sit at a table instead of the bar.
Same owners as Sol Y Sombra; unfortunately not the same magic.    Sol Y Sombra (now closed) was one of my favorites - great tapas and just a super cool vibe.  Perhaps I was just lucky on my Sol Y Sombra visits but the tapas at Iruna didn't impress. 

Atmosphere-wise, Iruna does have some interesting points but overall came off sterile and cold with almost no vibe at all; their seating definitely being a big part of this.  If I recall correctly the setup I got was basic booth on one side - minimalist chairs on the other.   Contrast this to the warm sexy vibe of Sol Y Sombra with their big inviting booths and dark club like atmosphere.  Being in Old Town Scottsdale, Iruna has the area appeal but at the same time is on the Southern end so it misses the Northern action. 

Service was very good and plates came up fast so no complaints there but it just didn't make up for the mediocre taste and restaurant feel.

Recommendation: There is a lot of hype around this place which I simply don't get.  Try going some day but don't put on your short list; there are better places to try first. 


DISHES SAMPLED

*** Bacon Wrapped Dates ***

I love bacon wrapped dates.   These though were just OK; not as good as the ones I've had back home in Chicago.  I found the cheese (Gorgonzola or some blue variant???) to not blend and to be a bit overpowering.   I also thought the dish overall were just a touch too dried out.

*** Scallops with Ajo Blanco ***

This was probably my favorite dish of the night.   Still not extraordinary.

*** Gambas al Ajillo ***
 
Looked great but the Shrimp were somewhat tough and overall the taste just didn't pop.

*** Snapper dinner entree ***

A close second to the Scallops but visually could have been more appealing and as with the Shrimp was a touch bland.

*** Tortilla Espanola ***

An egg and potato dish; again just OK.

*** Chistorra ***

This braised Chorizo dish may mislead some; the Chorizo is not tender and juicy as some may think from the "braised" description.  Regardless, I found this dish to be quite tasty though it won't be to everyone's liking.

*** Patatas Bravas ***

This item was the big surprise to me and not because it was good but because I had such higher expectations.   Come on!   This is a simple dish and Iruna comes with so much talk: "OpenTable Diner's Choice", 
"2010 Phoenix Magazines Best New Restaurant", etc.  To not get this one right is just mind boggling.   The potatoes were dry, the dish was extremely oily, and the flavor almost no kick.  Hey, do I see a pattern here?

*** Pollo Colonial ***

I found this chicken dish dried out and extremely salty.  Wasn't horrible but I certainly wasn't craving more or even wanting to finish for that matter.  Also, didn't the description say sweet and sour????

*** Red Sangria ***
Bad sangria  at a Spanish tapas restaurant is like the kiss of death. Iruna you broke my heart, you broke my heart.     OK, that may be overplaying it a bit but I wasn't impressed.
Iruna is swank.  My favorite dish was the white wine clam dish.  Lot of beautiful people lingering about in typical Scottsdale fashion, slinky dresses, 4'' heels etc......  

Iruna gets only 4 stars because, I was hoping they would have some sort of live spanish classical guitar or flamenco dance.
Yet another iconic Scottsdale eatery that I could not wait any longer to go visit.

We were a bit taken back by the spartan interior as I expected something more intimate then what we were greeted with.  The service started off with a bang as we navigated with the servers help thru the tapas menu.

We elected to have each member in our party of 4 to pick two tapas for a group-share.  The tapas came out at a very reasonable interval.  The food was delicious and well prepared.  Out of eight tapas items.......each one was delicious and unique.   The allure of the venerable "paella" forced our hand in ordering both the chicken & chorizo and the seafood paella.....wow were we very happy as the modestly sized paella's were perfect sized for sharing and equally delicious.

Tapas should be more popular in the U.S. then it is, but unique restaurants like Iruna bring the Catalunyan fare to the masses and it will only be a matter of time before Tapas becomes more of a staple then a unique treat.

Iruna is a killer restaurant.
Went here for my bday over xmas vacation with my huge family. We were visiting, and this was suggested as a great place to go.

It definately is good. The food is very flavorful and small portioned. Mostly because it is so rich you can't eat too much of it.

We had the bacon wrapped dates or figs, which were sooo good. Then we sampled a cheese plate, had olives and garlic, some artichoke dish that I can't find on the menu and the octopus. Also we tried filet mignon and the trout. Everything was delish.

They have really good drinks too, my sister ordered this gosh I don't remember but it is raspberry vodka with st germain, club soda I think, cranberry juice and lemonade. Soo good.

The ambience here is super low lighting, super low key and feels warm and inviting. The decor is very modern but still makes you feel cozy. And it kinda feels romantic actually.

Although we were in big party, I can't say that I liked sharing my food lol. I think it would be the perfect place if you were with your special someone. Actually I think it would be a great anniversary place or valentines even, very upscale and fine dining. I'll come back here again, probably with my boyfriend as he didn't come with me on my vacation.
I loved this restaurant but I have heard it is now closed.
This restaurant is now closed. A sign is posted out front saying that a new concept restaurant will be taking its place shortly. Too bad. I really liked Iruna.
Always great food and great atmosphere! Love the potatoes, the oysters - actually everything on the menu is good. You cannot go wrong!
When does Iruna's complete their remodeling and re-open their doors?  I miss this place.  I would have gone there last night had it not been for this.  This is a good place!!!!!
*3.5 rounded up*

My heart still tears up when I recall the marvel that was Tapino, and I keep on hoping that a tapas bar would appear that rivaled it one day.  

But, July 22nd was not the day, and Tapas Papa Frita was not the much hoped-for rival.  

Don't get me wrong, Tapas Papa Frita is a solid choice for tapas in the valley.  The menu, though for the most part unoriginal, contains a few little tidbits for the more adventurous eaters, such as oxtail (oxtail????).  

My friend J and I started with a Sangria, and perhaps if we didn't order a *$22* pitcher of Sangria, I might have been more enthusiastic about the value of the place.  However, a mediocre, very fruity Sangria was ordered, and drunk in good time; there was enough in there for a little more than 2 glasses each.  

From the tapas menu, we ordered the calamari rings, the spanish meatballs, and potato pie (in English :-), no need to embarass our gringo waiter with our gringo pronunciations.  

The calamari rings were friend to a light gold, perfect, and it came with a trio of dipping sauces that consisted of a vegetable compost (mostly eggplant), a spicy marinara (though more spice than marinara), and an aioli, which was disappointing as far as aioli goes.  They were well worth the $6.  The meatball, however, was entirely unoriginal, though entirely soaked in a hearty marinara.  I probably wouldn't order that again.  The potato pie deserves a 4.5 star based on novelty alone!  I love potatoes, and I love pie.  Who knew? :-)  The only flaw, really, in their potato pie was the cream aioli served on top.  If you must have a bland item like potato, at least have an interesting dipping sauce, or something that complements it, instead of being simply a limp bystander.

We also ordered the Valenciana paella.  It was brought to the table still haughty in its pan.  On their menu, they list the the dish as a "masterpiece", and, sigh, it's good, just not masterpiece-worthy.

On the plus side, I probably would have given them 4 stars without the $22 Sangria.
Great food, the Head of the House is awkward, lacks passion and personality

I have been anxious for a Tapas place ever since Mexican Stand Still was to open in the space that is now Tapas Papa Frita.  So needless to say I was very optimistic when I saw a new restuarant was taking place of Mexican Standoff.  
When we went there, we were in jeans and t-shirts which several other patrons were also wearing.  I don't know if it is because I have visible tattoos or if it is the lack of personality of the front of the house that caused the awkward interactions with him.  We walked in and he awkwardly shook our hands, like he was sizing us up??? It was very odd I didn't know how or what to make of it.  When we told him that there was just the two of us he asked if we wanted a table or sit at the bar.  When we said table, he said he liked starting people off at the bar.  When I asked why he couldn't really give me a reason.  

After being sat I began worrying that this was an awful decision.  But then our amazing waiter, Timothy came out and was great! He made great recommendations and was friendly and very conversational.  We each ordered 4 tapas each out of which the oxtail, monk fish were the favorites.  
The Head of the House walked around and it seemed almost like he was too shy or embarrassed as he approached tables around the restaurant.  When he came to the tables and asked us how we were doing not trying to engage us, it felt as I should have been at a Olive Garden. Engage me! Talk to me more about the food, the region the Chef is from.  I am at your new restaurant? 
Cocktails:   On their website they list the sangrias, specialty cocktails and martinis when I asked about the cocktails and martinis they replied that they didn't have any but there was a full bar.  Not Timothy's fault, he is new and the restaurant so I will let that slip.   

Ambiance - I would give it an A+ the views, decor spot on.  When you go into the men's restroom there are the beatnik paintings that were in Digestif by the bar...not sure what that has to do with Spain. 

Overall, I would go back even with the head of house who is lacking personality and passion.  When I go back I will definitely ask to sit in Timothy's section!
I acccidentally came across Tapas Papa Frita while walking around Old town with my girlfriend.  First the decor of the restaurant is beautiful making you feel like you're in the heart of Spain.  Flamenco dancing and Spanish guitar are authentic and LIVE!!  I thought the Tapas menu was extensive and the Gambas in Garlic and the Cabrales cheese were our favaorites but they all were excellent.  Our waiter was very helpful in suggesting wines and matching them with our Tapas selections and very attentive to our table.

The overall experience was fantastic...everyone around us was having fun and enyoying themselves.  The prices were VERY reasonable ($25 bottle of wine, $7 Tapas) and we were told their Happy Hour had everything on the menu, including drinks at 2 for 1 pricing.

We will go back, it's a real hidden gem...
Delicious! We went for the fabulous 2 for 1 happy hour and loved it. Kevin, the bartender, was great along with the rest of the staff. Everyone working was all about the customer. You don't see that in Scottsdale all the time....
Between my bf and I , we ordered 4 different tapas, which were double in size due to happy hour, along with 2 pitchers of red sangria and were stuffed. Great atmosphere and food. Definitely recommend.
We took a large group for a friends birthday and ordered quite a few things. It was definitely a great price for a large group since we visited during happy hour and took advantage of Buy 1 Get 1 Free of anything on the menu.

I do have to say that the best part was the sangria and the cheesecake we brought with us. The atmosphere is good but it is somewhat small in size.
The best tapas were the: manchego (you can't go wrong obviously), the shrimp, the meatballs and the chicken pieces. Our server suggested the ham and cheese croquettes which had neither ham nor cheese but potatoes instead. He was sure they were ham and cheese but the whole table wasn't convinced. The paella was good although the rice was a little overcooked in spots and our friend found a completely undercooked piece of chicken. We did send it back and they promptly brought us another portion. The dish was good but that was a little unnerving.
I'm open to second chances and will probably give this a second chance just based on the sangria, the large menu  and the amazing happy hour deal!
Randomly came upon this place with some friends and we totally fell in love!  Great energy inside and the food rocks!  We shared 3 tapas dishes and had cocktails and it was delicious...we were just looking for a snack :) Loved having the basque influence there with the kalimotxo, $18 was tough to shell out there for this but I hadn't had one in forever so I splurged...and it was exactly as I had hoped for.  Really cool restaurant, am looking forward to going back-I hope it sticks around because not many in this area have held up :)
The tapas here are authentic.  At least that is what they tell me.  It wasn't like most of the tapas places I have had in the past.  Between the 4 of us that went, there were 11 dishes ordered.  Every single one of them was liked by at least 3 of the 4 people.  In fact, the only thing that wasn't liked was by me, and that was the anchovies.....just not my cup of tea.  Everyone else raved about them. 

Other than the food being outstanding, the prices were as good or better.  Nothing on the tapas menu was more than $9.  These prices were very worth it.

So what did we order?  2 pitchers of red sangria, shrimp in a spicy sauce (which wasn't THAT spicy, but very good), calamari, serrano ham, crab stuffed peppers, snails (just wonderful), txistorra (basque style sausage), garlic chicken cassarole, white asparagus with aioli, manchego cheese, and potatoes with serrano ham.  It also came with fresh rolls and homemade aioli.  The aioli alone is worth the trip.  Also, we had to have our server bring more and more rolls because the sauces served with every dish were just amazing, and you wanted to sop it up with freshed baked warm rolls.  It was a very filling experience. 

The Sangria was very good, but I am no authority on Sangria.  While we got the red, they also have white, green (made with Portuguese Vinho Verde), and sparkling (made with Cava....Spanish sparkling wine).  I have had better red Sangria's in the past, but this was well worth it, and at $22 for a pitcher, I thought it was a steal!

I encourage anyone to go to this place if you like tapas, Spanish food, a fun, vibrant scene, or a great patio.  It is a little hot for patio seating, but if you go late enough, you can handle it.  In October/November, it will be even better.   Another great thing...they are open late.  As one of the few people in this city that like to eat after 7 pm, I enjoy places that are open well past 10 pm.

I can't wait to go back again and try different items.  We are already getting a group together to try out a few of the 5 paella's offered.  If they are anywhere near as good as the tapas, we will find our new "go to" dinner joint.
Met a few friends for dinner here the other night. It has only been open for 3 weeks but you would never know it by the service. Our waiter was knowledgeable, made great recommendations, and the service was spot on! Everything we had was terrific, especially the crab stuffed peppers in saffron sauce and the Jamon Serrano! The warm rolls with aioli are delightful too. Can't wait to go back. They have 2 for 1 until the end of August.
Decent if you're jonesing for tapas. (This is not a paella review. Yet.) I apologize in  advance if this comes off as one of those reviews that makes managers and PR firms cringe. I know you can't do authentic tapas in Southbridge/Waterfront and stay open. But I have to rate it honestly, or not at all.

I remember the original TPF on Camelback, I think where Sportsmans or Tarbell's is now. I recall it being exotic and delicious, with the right intimate atmosphere. My memory could be clouded by lack of experience at the time. But overall, *this* place is a little too big, clean and corporatey to match an authentic tapas experience like you'd get in Barcelona, or Basque Spain, or some of the real deal places like in NYC. I don't think you can be located where they are and pull that off. So it's dumbed down a bit for the market. I think if you're not on the search for a super authentic, intimate experience (small bar, communal tables, etc) it will fit the bill.


ATMOSPHERE
Big, open, lively and trying a little too hard, IMHO. The uniforms look like Halloween costumes. It comes off a bit too kitschy. Staff all seemed pretty friendly, if a little harried. The live music is a nice touch, even though pretty low energy when we were there. I'm anxious to catch some Flamenco though.


SERVICE
Our server, Timo, was the epitome of charm and enthusiasm. Big thumbs up for him. But timing was all over the place. First round of drinks took  f-o-r-e-v-e-r. We saw other tables clearly looking around for their servers. Not sure if the bar is the hold-up or what. Food took much longer than expected as well, since we didn't order paella or anything that was likely made to order. Once the food started coming, we got it all pretty quickly.


DRINKS
Man. Do not order the mojitos. I admit I'm pretty picky about them. I love making them at home. I want them muddled fresh and I want to taste all the ingredients. They have a "pitcher approach". It's like they have mojitos on tap. I asked for a fresh mojito, not a whole pitcher. I just wanted to try their mojito, and then move on to an Albariño or some other wine. I got the pitcher anyway. And what came out was refreshing alright. Much like ice water is refreshing. Basically clear liquid with some rum aftertaste. No detectable lime. One sad little shred of mint in each pour. Very little sugar. The pitcher approach works well for sangria, obviously. But do not do this for mojitos. Doesn't do them justice. My wife's red wine choice (a pintoresco by the glass) was very good. A friend who tracked us down there after a Yelp check-in said the sangria was very good. So there you go.


FOOD
I'll point out the stand-outs:

Boquerones
Fresh white anchovies in light oil. Delicious. Smaller than I've had elsewhere. A little more body to the fillet is nice. But a great light dish.

Rabbit Stew
This one gets you bang for the buck, if you're not averse to eating cute little bunny rabbits. Lots of tender delicious sweet meat in a light tomato broth with a nice acid too it. Bone-in meat ensured lots of flavor.

Shrimp a la Plancha (or whatever they called it)
Head-on, shell-on shrimp. Messy to eat unless you crunch the whole shell. Not quite crispy enough to allow for that though. So mostly we peeled them. Quality white shrimp with real shrimp flavor. Not the rubber you so often get with grilled shrimp.

Oxtail Stew
This should be so up my alley. Classic mirepoix dark stew flavor. Did I detect a little store-bought demi-glace starter? But it could have been braised a bit longer. Like a couple more hours. There was still too much un-rendered fat and connective stuff; not enough meat.

Basque Sausage
Not memorable. If you've ever gotten the Spanish Chorizo from Schreiner's, or LaTienda.com, you'll know what I wish it was like. When we get the Schreiner's, it never makes it through the car ride home.

Mix of Snails, Sausage and something else
Didn't do it for us. No individual character to each of the proteins. Just a mash-up of savory chewy bits. Be a pretty good starter bread dip if you were hungry, but not a great dish.

Pan con Tomate (pan boli?)
For me, this is a benchmark item. This would have been better if the bread had more chewiness and structure to it.

And of course they have all the stand-bys like Potatas Bravas, Fried Squid, etc. And Paella. Next time, I'm trying the Valenciana for sure. That alone could add a star if the flavors are there. But there better be smokiness, bone-in dark meat chicken and the rice better be crispy on the bottom of the pan.


So, just A-OK for now.

I could see an updated 4 star review once...
 a) I've further explored the menu and know what all the gems are, and learn what to avoid, for my taste.

 b) they fine-tune the service and hopefully work on the authenticity. the crowd that was there and the location don't give me much hope for tuning toward the more authentic. if anything, i fear it being dumbed down even more.
Let me start by saying that I was very excited thinking about a new Spanish restaurant in town as they are few and far between around here. Having traveled quite a bit in Spain we are huge fans of tapas and paella. So we went to Tapas Papa Frita with great anticipation for a delicious meal. I am sad to say that this restaurant was a complete letdown for a variety of reasons. 

The restaurant itself is absolutely lovely. I loved the way the place was decorated with representation of Joan Miro's work, since he is one of my all time favorite artists. The restaurant presents itself very nicely. 

We decided to try this restaurant also because their website advertised "During the month of August...everything on the menu will be buy one and receive the second one at no charge" for happy hour 5-7pm. Our interpretation of this was that you could buy one item and choose another item for free. The reality was that it was buy one item and get a double portion. This was not clearly worded on their website. 

We sat at the bar and were immediately met with a pretentious attitude form the bar tender which is typical, but unfortunate, in many Scottsdale restaurants. He became more rude when he found out we did not want to order drinks.  This makes no sense to me because the meals cost quite a bit more than drinks would have so it's not like his tip would have suffered. After that he left us to sit for a very long time before taking our order. So long in fact that the manager had to come around to see why our order hadn't been taken. The bartender finally came around after a prompting from his manager and took our order. 

We ordered Txipirones en su Pinto (stuffed squid) and Alcachofa a la Romana (fried artichokes) for our tapas. For dinner we ordered the Paella Valenciana for our entree, to be shared since it was double portion. The fried artichokes arrived on the cool side and the batter was soggy. As I pulled the batter away from one of the artichokes I could taste that it was a marinated artichoke, which was clearly canned or jarred. The appetizer was soggy and unappealing. The stuffed squid arrived and for a "double portion" as the happy hour special stated, we received 3 squid. My question is what is the full sized portion? 1.5 squid? The squid was tasty, it was served in what I'm assuming was a blank ink sauce with a spicy tomato sauce on the side. This was the only redeemable part of our meal, it really was quite good. The bread and aioli that was served before the meal was also very good. 

On to the entree, our "double portion" of the Paella Valenciana. I should say that we've eaten enough tapas and paella in Spain to where we have a very good idea what to expect from these classic dishes. This was not authentic Spanish paella. First it's impossible that it be truly authentic since it came out in about 15 minutes, traditional paella takes at least 45 minutes to prepare. It was served in a cast iron skillet but it did not have that chewy, crunchy texture that paella has when it's actually finished in the oven. The rice was on the firmer side when it should be mushy and there was a flavorless watery broth whereas true paella should be rich with saffron flavor and the rice should have absorbed any liquid that it was cooked in. The sausage that it was prepared with was tasty but incredibly salty. The chicken was dark meat which I found disappointing. The shellfish was fine, albeit the shrimp were overcooked. Overall I am very sad to say that it was a terrible dish of paella, it was not authentic and not even really worth eating which is why we left a third of it behind. 

Lastly, the restaurant was very warm and the bathrooms appeared to have no air conditioning or the vents were closed. It was 110 degrees today and they had 2 doors right by the bar where we were sitting propped wide open. I understand that it's a new restaurant and they wanted passersby to know that they were open; however, in this day of eco-consciousness, I found this to be an unconscionable waste of energy. Moreover it made the restaurant very warm and uncomfortable. So in my opinion the doors being open resulted in a lose lose situation. 

Thankfully our bill was low due to the "double portion" special because I would have been incredibly disgruntled had we paid full price for bad food and bad service. I think Tapas Papa Frita has a nice concept, but they are definitely not ready for prime time.  I can tolerate a pretentious Scottsdale restaurant when the food is dynamite, but this is not the case at Tapas Papa Frita. It's both pretentious and serves bad food. It's a pity because the place is lovely. I hope they pull it together so they can stay in business, but we will not be returning here.

PS* patxi g. who reviewed right below clearly works for this place as he reiterated the same bad wording of the happy hour special and the review seems overly phony.
I would like to start by saying WOW! Our group of 4 were able to take a trip to Spain without ever leaving Scottsdale. Our experience was just fabulous, from the ambiance, entertainment and the top of the list were the Tapas and Paella. We were able to enjoy there incredible August promotion  Happy Hour  from 5-7 pm, buy one get one free and our experience was the best we have had in Spanish cuisine in AZ for along time. The presentation of the food and liveliness of the restaurant make this worth writing about. For anyone who has never experienced this culture of cuisine it is a must. Not only is the food delicious and flavorful but the entire experience is one to write home about. I would recommend Tapas Papa Frita to the local diner and also world traveler there is something here for everyone to enjoy.
This is a must stop and grab a bite, and I mean a bite.  It is tapas and because of that you can have a little bit of everything.  The friendly and knowledgeable staff will help you pick some great food.  Try the rabbit, the artichoke hearts and the lamb for my so far must picks.  My wife loved the crab and eggplant "lasagna."  Hurry down in August for their Buy one get double potion promo.  They are also part of AZ Restaurant Week so a meal including sangria is only $29!  Go visit Kevin at the bar and relax in old town Scottsdale, but eat in the regions of Spain.
Delicious offerings for tapas with friendly staff. Get with Kevin at the bar! The August happy hour 2 for 1 is a great deal. Check out the restaurant week special because it will be worth it! We liked everything we ate - 6 dishes between 2 people plus wine. The rabbit was fantastic. The crab & eggplant tapas was perfect. The egg dipped artichokes are a must! Get some friends and head over to the bar today.
FINALLY authentic tapas is catching on the in the Valley.
Went here for a quick bite Friday night.  We were seated quickly and our waitress was VERY good.  
Had a pitcher of the white sangria- totally refreshing and went well the the rolls they serve before dinner.  Their aioli that comes with the rolls is SO good and very light.  I could (and was) eat it with a spoon.
We only did tapas, although the waitress SWORE by the paella.   We followed the pitcher of sangria with a pitcher of mojito.  A little weak, but you get a ton for $9 so no complaints.  In fact I found the lighter mojito paired well with the food and you could drink more.  There were only two of us, so we didn't even finish it.
The prices on the tapas are really low.  Like most dishes being in the 5-7 dollar range.  You get a decent amount for that.
We got the Spanish tortilla-which came with more aioli.  It was a nice wedge of eggy-potatoey goodness served at the perfect temp.  Very filling for under $5. A great side to the meat dishes.
We also ordered the crab-stuffed red peppers with saffron sauce.  The saffron sauce was a little light for my tastes, but good.  The peppers were well cooked, well cleaned (I HATE skin on red peppers) and really worked with the crab.  Only $7.
We also tried the pork loin wrapped in bacon and in a sauce made with almonds.  Super tender pork but still not to dry.  I had not had a similar sauce before, very nice.  Again pretty light.  My wife ate most of it because at this point I was getting very full but still really wanted to try the oxtail.  I was glad I had saved room.  The sauce was so rich and smokey and it came out piping hot.  I could really go on and on about the sauce.  I got a HUGE piece of oxtail which I ended up having to just pick up and chew on.  Oxtail is always a pain and I praise the waitress for telling me to just go for it and pick it up.  
All in all we spent $50 and got really drunk and really fed.  The atmosphere is very fun and the chefs come out and mingle with a wine skin they squirt in your mouth.  Definitely will go back, in fact, going there for my birthday tonight!
OK- so I did actually go back for my birthday.
Just a small group this year, myself my wife and two close friends.  Everyone enjoyed themselves and everyone loved the food.  Including my friend Chris, who tends to be a picky eater.
We went on Saturday so the evening started with a very good guitar player and that slowly grew into a band w/ two dancers.  I usually don't dig live bands while I'm eating too much, but these guys were great.  They even invited our table up for a little dancing lesson as our waitress had informed them that it was my birthday.  Being generally shy both me and Chris refused, but both of the gals went up and it was really fun.  We had the same waitress as last time, Laura, and she was VERY sweet and knowledgeable.  But, let's get to the important part, the food.
Here's what we had-

Again I have to mention the awesome rolls and garlic aioli they bring out to start off.  So awesome and a hit all around.   My friends had never had aioli so they were VERY happy.

Caracoles aioli (glazed escargot in sherry vinegar aioli)- these were awesome.  Usually places try to completely mask the taste of the snails themselves with a strong garlic/butter type sauce or something similar.  This sauce was very light and that awesome earthy/woodsy flavor of the snails really came through.  My picky friend just kept coming back to these.  Usually he'll try something considered "adventurous" like snails but rarely has seconds.

My fiend ordered one of  the chicken dishes, but I did not try it.  It was the Pollo a la Cazadora (Garlic chicken casserole with potatoes and carrots).  The other three people at my table tried it and they all liked it.  My friend said it was only slightly spicy.
Txistorra (basque sausage with sherry)- This was pretty straight forward.  A hit all around.  Again the picky eater came back to these over and over.

Solomillo de Cordo con Tocino (pork tenderloin with bacon, almonds and spices).  My wife and I liked this.  One of my friends said it was just "OK" and one of them hated it.  

Someone had a beef dish.  If I remember correctly it was Espada de Solomillo (beef tenderloin with Sherry and sauteed onions) but don't quote me.  It was beef on skewers.  Everyone except me liked this.  In all fairness it's just that I hate cumin and it had a very strong cumin flavor.  The beef was tender and well seasoned, I just didn't like the seasoning.

Pincho Muruno (Moroccan style lamb brochette)- This was really good.  Again, it had cumin, but not enough to turn me off.  The lamb was really well cooked and  very tasty.  Everyone liked this dish.  

We had the the Tortillas de Patatas (Spanish potato pie) again.   Just like the rolls with aioli I can't really express how great this really is.   Just eggy potato and onion paradise with aioli.  Under $5 and it was generally agreed to that it was the best thing we got.  You HAVE to order this, especially at the price.

I also got the Ensalada de atun con Tomate, a salad with tomatoes and bonito tuna.  Most people liked it.  I myself found the vinegar WAY too overpowering.  But it was nice to see bonito tuna on a menu, not so common.

We all shared a couple of pitchers of the Vino Verde Sangria- the white wine sangria.  Very nice. 

So all that food and two of the large pitchers of sangria came to just over $100.  So awesome.  We also stayed a little to listen to the music so I wandered over to the bar for a 7 and 7.  I was served quickly and I got a VERY stiff 7 and 7 for $8 even.  At a bar in Old Town Scottsdale that's decent.

Can't wait to go back again.
I went here Sunday night with a party of 4.  This was my first authentic-like tapas experience so excuse my ignorance because I really don't know much about Spanish tapas.

The ambiance of the place is great.  They must have spent tons of cash making this place look like an establishment right out of Spain.  The waiters all were dressed in all white with red sash thingys and red hats.  They looked like Spanish bull fighters to me.  Anyway, the decor is very interesting to say the least.

I had initially thought the place had just opened because some things were a complete clusterfuc like the staff was still working out opening day problems.  From getting menus, to getting bread and beverages it was a bit rough.  However, the entire staff was very friendly and the food did come out rather quickly.

In total we tried about 7 tapas.  They have tons to choose from and they looked rather authentic to my gringo eyes.  Most of the stuff I've never heard of but they pretty much all looked great.  Most are around $7 and are probably enough for a few people to sample.  Almost everything I tried was very good and the stuff that wasn't was because I had no idea what I was ordering and was trying to be adventurous.

All-in-all it was a fun experience and a perfect thing to do when having dinner with friends.  I regret not getting the sangria after reading the reviews on here but there is always next time.
I really don't want to be a hater. But I'm about to hate on this place.

First of all, let me say that the food and sangria were great, as was the ambiance. I would consider coming back for tapas and drinks. Maybe.

My boyfriend and I went to Tapas Papas Fritas for AZ Restaurant Week. Our appetizers came out and were wonderful. And then we waited. And waited. And 30 minutes later, when we would have expected to receive our meals, we were told that they had run out of my entree and I needed to pick something else. After finishing our entrees, there was a significant wait for dessert, which was made even more frustrating by our waitress stopping by three times to let us know that it would "be right out". At that point, we just wanted to settle up and go home.

The front of the house is killing these chefs. Busboys were non-existent and plates were stacked on benches throughout the restaurant. I wish this place luck, but I doubt I'll be coming back.

Also, I totally agree with Derek J. about the Head of the House. Awkward city.
Delicioso! I've travelled to Spain a few times and these tapas are by far the best tapas I've had outside of Espana. The food was great, the service was the perfect amount (not too much and not too little) and the ambiance was great! A few of the favorites from our party of 4's meals... Squid ink tapa, crab meat filled peppers, blue cheese steak, seafood bowl, rabbit, ox tail, and the flan! The best flan any of us had ever had.
We hit up Tapas Papa Frita for Restaurant Week. First, let me just say that Restaurant Week should represent a deal of some sort. Fortunately, it did here. $29 got you an entree, tapas, dessert, AND a glass of sangria or house wine, so roughly a $10-$12 discount. Perfect.

The tapas were pretty well executed. I enjoyed the Pimiento de Piquillo con Centollo: Crab-stuffed peppers in a saffron sauce. They were incredibly good. The Chorizo just wasn't for me; VERY smoky, but my dinnermates enjoyed it. The Espada de Solomillo left a bit to be desired; nothing was wrong with it, but it just felt uninspired. Finally, the Tortilla de Patatas (Spanish potato pie) was tasty and well-executed, and a decent portion at just $4.50. (The other tapas were closer to the $7-$9 territory, but this was AZ Restaurant week, so we weren't paying attention.)

Our server was attentive, friendly, knowledgeable, and there when we needed her. She even quietly placed the dessert spoon properly for my left-handed friend; something he noticed, but the rest of us wouldn't have ever caught, since she simply did it and brought no attention to it. Very good attention to detail with something like that.

Our entrée were quite decent, but the paella valenciana was a bit lacking for me. It was a bit light on the seafood, and seemed almost hastily put together in a sense. It was tasty, but it wasn't absolutely incredible, and I think I prefer Pepin's, though I haven't tried it in some time.

They rounded things out with a fantastic creme brulee and an incredible apple dish called the Manzana al horno: Chocolate-stuffed apple with a Cider-Chantilly cream. It was absolutely fantastic, and had a bite of mint to it. 

The sangria also got good reviews, though I stuck to my teetotaling ways. 

Overall, a pleasant experience that left us just the right amount of full. I enjoyed the blend of tapas and entrée, and though I wasn't blown away by the paella, I think I'll be back. It was a really enjoyable time, and the live music was great too. (The serving staff costumes were a bit on the nose, but it's part of the ambiance, I suppose.)
We had reservations as a part of Arizona restaurant week.  We went into it looking forward to trying a new tapas experience in AZ.  We were huge fans of the late Sol Y Sambra.  

Everything was going well, helpful server made suggestions that we chose to follow and ordered one additional tapas to try as well.  When the tapas course arrived I had to ask what one of them was.  The server had mis-heard what I wanted and brought the wrong dish.  OK, he picked the dish up and headed back to the kitchen after saying he thought we had asked for that particular dish.

In a minute the manager appeared at the table next to us with that exact same dish telling the table that there had been a mix up and here is an extra tapas for them to enjoy - HUH?  

At no point was it mentioned that the dish had already been served to another table.  We were not offered the dish to try even though it was a mistake nor were we offered any apology or additional dishes for the mistake.

When the incident was addressed to the manager to express the upset, he made no attempt to right the wrong or address the problem.  When the correct tapas finally arrived at the table, it looked like a can of tomato soup dumped over tomatoes - that was my last straw.

The server came over and I let him know that we were not interested in continuing the meal and wanted to leave.  He said he would let the manager know and the manager made no attempt to come speak with me at our table.  They offered to comp the meal if we wanted to stay or we could go.  For the first time in my life I opted to leave.

Inexcusably poor customer service, questionable sanitary food practices and mediocre food from the one dish I tasted.  I would not recommend to anyone.
So after a not pleasing meal at another Tapas restaurant I decided to go and get some real Spanish food.  Unfortunately I was somewhat filled up so I didn't get to enjoy much of the food but I sure took in some wine =).  

I started with a glass of Vino Verde Sangria ~ White wine Sangria it was very good had plenty of fruit and I ended up having 3 glasses before the night was over.  I also tried Kalimotxo ~ Basque red wine and cola.  It sounded really odd to me so I had to try it and actually it was surprisingly very good.  

For food I had the Pimiento de Piquillo con Centollo ~ Crab stuffed peppers in a saffron sauce.  There were two peppers in a great flavored sauce and they were full of crab and flavor.  Also there were really good rolls with a garlic aoili that was good.  

For dessert I had Pastel de Pan ~ Banana & Apple Bread Pudding.  It wasn't a traditional bread pudding more like a soft bread cake with ice cream.  It was also very good and at this point I was extrememly full.  

Overall a great restaurant and I will for sure be back to try more of the menu when I have a bigger appetite but a great first experience none the less.
Restaurant Week Review:

We didn't even know restaurant week was going on but our server filled us in on the options.  We could pick one tapas, one entree, one dessert and a glass of wine/sangria for $29.  The entire menu was fair game.  

For the tapas we got a pepper stuffed with crab.  It had a nice cream sauce lightly drizzled on it and the whole thing went together well.  The other one was a lamb skewer and it was nicely tender and quite good.

For the entree I got the Valenciana paella.  It had a nice array of seafood and spanish sausage.  I didn't realize how vibrantly yellow it was until I saw it at home.  This easily serves 2 people.  The gf got Meriscada which was clams/shrimp/scallops in a light wine broth.  Hers was very good and more suited for 1 person.  

For dessert we got the Creme Brulee.  It was much wider and the dish was shallower then I am used to seeing.  It didn't have a very thick hard crust like you traditionally see on this dessert.  Either way it was very good.  For my dessert I got the Escoces which was Scotch, warm coffee and vanilla ice cream.  This was phenomenal.  They should serve this by the pitcher.  

We also shared a bottle of wine (on top of the included glass per person).  The atmosphere was to take your time, enjoy your meal, and in between dishes listen to the live music and watch the dancing.  We enjoyed the entire experience.
Music made the experience complete...nice tapas at the bar...service a little spotty....
Yes, the kitchen during Restaurant Week was a mess.  I am pretty mellow about waiting for food, but my friends were getting pretty upset.  We waited almost 2 hours for our meal. With that said, I give them a 4 star because the food was great, and my review is focusing on food.  I enjoyed the gambas al Pil Pil, garlicky shrimp, yum. My friend's Paella Valenciana was excellent.  The only other paella I would prefer is the one in Madrid from La Barraca.  My husband had the Arroz Negre (black rice with squid ink). I also had the salmon, delicious. For desert I had the Crema Catalana, spanish creme brule, creamy custard with a great sugar crust.  We will try them again to see if the kitchen works better next time.
Now that's the real thing!

Chef Jose Gutierrez is from Bilbao and he did some of his training in the French side of Basque country. The menu offers a wide variety of authentic tapas and some wonderful dishes.

One very notable feature is the "prix fixe" menu which offers an appetizer, an entrée and a desert with a glass of wine for $29. What a deal! Just a caveat: the dishes are a surprise, you just have to trust the chef (easy to do).

Atmosphere is very nice and the service is wonderful and professional (what a change!).

After looking all over town for a real (good) Spanish restaurant, I think we finally found one. It only took a few years!

PS: Did I mention the deserts? We got a never seen before hazelnut cake that was absolutely a-ma-zing (and I don't do deserts :)
We went tonight, my husband, my two 19 month old children and me, to Tapas Papa Frita and really liked it! 

Food: Surprisingly very good! I have to explain that I have traveled northern Spain, and my grandfather, being basque, used to cook many of these dishes. So when going to Spanish or Basque restaurants, quite often I do get disappointed, but not this time!
One comment for the chef: I have had the txipirones en su tinta served with white rice, which allows to eat the black sauce with the rice. Tonight I finished the sauce with the bread. ;)
The flan we had for dessert was really one of the best flans I have ever had.

Service: very good. Fast. Friendly and very helpful to a young family having dinner with the kids. 

Kid Friendly: YES. It seams to be under development: They do have high chairs, but no kid menu or crayons to do drawings while waiting for the food. However the waiters were very helpful with us, and there is always something in the menu that the kids may like. We ordered tortilla de papas and lamb, which they liked.

Next time I'd go for the paellas, which we avoided tonight only because we didn't wanted the kids to get hungry-cranky.
Slow service.
I have to say. This is, by far, my new favorite spot!! Everything about this place was AWESOME! Let's start with the place in general. It over looks the canal by the trolley bridge in Scottsdale, which is so pretty at night. We walked up and thought, here we go, a typical "stuffy" Scottsdale restaurant, but not even close. One of the waiters walked right up to us, greeted us and let us pick our own table on the patio....which it was the perfect night for! We then are told how it's happy hour (everyday of the week 5-7pm) where all wines are 2-for-1 and all tapas are buy one, get the same for free! SCORE! He was very helpful since we weren't sure we wanted a full heavy meal, so the waiter recommended around 4-6 tapas plates and he would just bring them out 2 at a time. He also recommended a phenomenal wine. We had the meatballs, braised oxtail, aoli papas, croquetas, and lamb chops. Everything was amazing. My husband went in thinking he'd hate this kind of place since he wasn't eating "a real meal" but even he was thrilled with the entire experience!! Plus, they have flamenco dancers inside, which just adds to it all! They just opened 2 1/2 months ago, so I hope they keep up the great food and great service, because we'll be sure to get back! Very soon....
OK, realllllly did not want to write a poor review of this place.  I even thought about it for week before I did, but they have done themselves in here! My honey and I went last Saturday for "happy hour".  I love tapas and haven't been able to find a great spot since Sol y Sombra shut down, so we thought we would give them a try.  It was a beautiful evening, and they offer a 2-4-1 happy hour on the patio or in the bar.  
  So we spent two hours enjoying their delicious tapas, wine, sangria, and even dessert and coffee.  Food and drink were both amazing, and the service was attentive and gracious.  Sadly, thats as glowing as this review is gonna get because they have royally pissed me off.
  Where they really went wrong was with what happened after.  So we got our "happy hour" tab, signed the receipt, and left.  I have to admit this was partially my fault because I tend to sign credit card slips with reckless abandon and utter disregard for the total(denial is not just a river in Egypt people), which was in this case, $93 plus a $20 tip.
  So we get home, still talking about how delicious everything was, and I casually throw the receipt on the counter.  The sangria has now worn off.... $93? For happy hour? Yikes.  So apparently our server neglected to price our drinks out at happy hour pricing.  And the servings had been pretty small, even for tapas, certainly not the double portions that are supposed to arrive between 5 and 7.  So I called the restaurant immediately.  Having worked in restaurants before, I usually pick my battles, but since we had gone for happy hour intentionally based on what we read on Yelp, this called for attention.
  SO I called the restaurant right away, and was apologized to profusely. Yes, I was correct, we had not received the happy hour portions that we should have ( which was probably why we ordered so many tapas) and we were charged double what we should have been for our drinks.  The sweet guy on the phone informed me that there was no manager available as it was a busy time on Saturday night, but that they would certainly make this right, and a manager would call me tomorrow.  Seemed reasonable so I gave them my number and waited.  Sunday, no call.  So Monday I called and left another messgae. Tuesday, still no call.  So I emailed them. 
  So a week later, no call, no email, nothing.  Like I said, I really don't want to give these guys a bad write up, but this is just about the worst customer service I have encoutered in a while. I personally will not return, despite a craving for their crab stuffed peppers.  If you want to chance it, go ahead, you will have a great time but will certainly pay for it! 
 It's really a shame because stuff like this is why otherwise great places seem to cycle in and out of this area way to fast.
Last year we went to Spain. We ate a lot of tapas. 

Granted I was pregnant so I couldn't enjoy the sangria, the jamon serrano, and the soft cheeses among other things...so I missed out.

Seeing this option in AZ, and looking at the menu, we had to try it. Especially given the above. I wanted to indulge!

Expectations were fairly low--it's in Scottsdale. Authentic tapas we were not planning to find, but the menu had promise. Props for having the offerings in Spanish and English.

Surprise. This place was AWESOME. Is it exactly like what we had in Spain? Heck no, the ingredients we have here in the US *are* going to be different. But it was darn close. The menu was crazily extensive, the red sangria was strong, and the staff was super friendly. 

We ordered up a plethora of tapas and skipped the big plates, sad because they also looked promising but it was just the two of us. Split the banana chocolate bread pudding for dessert. Wished they served real Spanish hot chocolate. Had to laugh at some of the ways they served things--aka calamari came with 3 dipping sauces. In Madrid, they looked at you like you had 3 heads if you asked for sauces to dip. It's very American. But I love me some sauce.

Second surprise. The live Spanish guitar and flamenco show on the small stage. We thought it would be all cheese. Wrong. The guitarist was amazing and the flamenco dancers were spot on and had the same passion. You could almost close your eyes and imagine you were back in Madrid seeing it for reals. If it wasn't for the trio of English speaking cougars at the bar, that is.

The outfits the staff have to wear are ridiculously cheesy and it is in a strip mall--typical of 99% of the good restaurants in Scottsdale. Overlook those two things, and keep an open mind and you may be surprised.

Flat out loved it. Wish it was local.
Nice outdoor seating... very nice menu but at the end its almost the same items prepare differently ... The sangrias were good... the braised oxtail was very tasty... Overall nice place to hung out with friends... Not too sure about the servers uniforms? but there were very friendly and helpful explaining the menu...
Once again, its interesting to see the varied opinions from folks about this place, and quite frankly, I had my doubts before trying it out prior to checking out the "Capitol Steps" comedy singers at the Scottsdale Center for the performing arts, but we don't get to old town that often, and wanted something a little different. So it was either this or Iruna, so for no real reason, we choose here.

We got there a little early after meandering old town for christmas gift ideas. Our server was prompt and very helpful in recommending various tapas dishes - Gambas al Pil-Pil (shrimp), Txistorra (basque sausage), Cerdo con jamon (Pork tenderloin) and the
Solomillo Moruno (awesome steak, perhaps the most tender that I've had, after Mastro's). All were very tasty.

The only dish we had which we ventured on our own was the Alubia soup. It was a cool night, and a warm soup was well needed - and this hit the spot - very much recommended - black sausage, red beans, flavorful broth.

The other nice aspect from our server was the wine recommendation. I ordered a glass of Tempranillo, which I was quite happy with. Our server actually suggested one of the other labels which was wine spectator rated, and I was resistant - so, he comes by with a sample taste just to prove his point. Sure enough, he was right - so my next glass was his suggestion. Yep, the cost was a few bucks more, but my experience was much better, and it was my choice - his volunteering to grab a sample was the right move.

With no more Lola tapas, I'll still be nostalgic, but will be very happy coming back here - tasty food and great service.
The Tapas was good...I would have given this place more stars, BUT as we were leaving I saw the waiter took one of our water glasses and poured some of our left over water on the table, and used one of our USED napkins to clean the table.  The whole time he was doing the he had a look on his face hoping he wouldn't get caught doing what he was doing..........UNCLEAN!
The experience here was quite memorable that I would go back any day. Food was amazing ...sangria, tapas, paella and flan. We also got complimetary drink from the owner / head chef.
Even though the food was quite good, I have to give this place a poor review because our overall experience was so unpleasant.  We went on a Thursday night when there was live music and flamenco dancing.  It was so loud - starting rather early at 7:30 p.m. - and completely interfered with our ability to have any conversation at our table.  

I will say that the food was pretty good.  I'd characterize it as pretty traditional Spanish tapas.  Our table particularly enjoyed the oxtail, the crab stuffed piquillo peppers and the patatas bravas.  Great sauces on the oxtail, the snails and the shrimp.

I'd go back but only Monday through Wednesday when it would be quieter.
Great ambiance. Flamenco dancers and great singers. The menu is expansive, the food can be great or only so so. The gambas while good were nothing new, I will say that the stuffed mushroom were amazing. The garlic aioli served at the table with the bread was a nice touch. Service is very uneven. The servers appeared frazzled and not all that knowledgeable about the menu. I will say however, the best thing about dinner was their flan. I rarely like flan, but theirs was creamy, dense and just sweet enough. The weakest point was actually the sangria. Weak, watery and expensive.   This place does make me long for Lolas....
Horrible service!  Waiter opened bottle of wine without showing the bottle then did not offer a first taste before filling one glass and walking away.  Not friendly at all, in fact was argumentative.  Water glasses empty many times despite several requests for refills.  We ordered 22 tapas.  The alcachofa and rape la verde were good, the other items  were ok.  Flan was rubbery.  The food wad brought out in a timely manner and was served hot.  Unfortunately, this did not make up for our waiter's sour attitude.  Overall bad experience.  We have had good service and overall better tapas at Iruña in old town Scottsdale.
I was living in Phoenix for a few months and my family was coming to visit so I needed to find a place to take them out. We ate at a different restaurant in Scottsdale, followed by a stroll along the street when we heard some beautiful flamenco music which is what drew us in. We had a few drinks and enjoyed the live flamenco band so much that we ended up making reservations for dinner the very next night. 

Our dinner there was amazing! I had never had tapas before and neither had my family but we loved every bit of it! Their menu is wonderful with a great variety of tapas (small plates), and main courses. The service was outstanding. I forget out waiter's name but he was serving us the night before when we came for drinks and came in the next day on his day off to serve us dinner! The chef even came out towards the end of our meal to talk to us. He explained how most of the ingredients are flown in fresh from Spain. And wow what a difference!

All in all, would definitely recommend this place for couples looking for a lovely date night and groups of friends looking to eat, drink, and be merry!
Stumbled into this gem when my family decided to go check out the Scottsdale art walk. We had reservations elsewhere but were enchanted by the staff as we were walking by and they were so fun we cancelled our other reservations and stopped in. What a great move. Since we had just returned from Spain we were wondering how good they could be and we were impressed by the tapas. Loved the dipped artichoke, the beef dish?, the croquettes and really just everything we had was amazing. We were entertained by the flamenco dancers and drank sangria and cared for by the staff as if we were old friends. By far the friendlist place in town. We were so impressed we took cards to hand out to our friends. Do not miss this place.
I'm not sure what everybody is complaining about; our service was spectacular.  Maybe you only get good service on the patio?  Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and helpful. 

The food?  It was great.  Let's see if I can remember what we had:

Pimiento Piquillo con Centollo (crab stuffed pepper): 4/5.  Decent, but not as substantial and epic as this dish could have been.

Tortilla de Patatas (potato pie): Too dry, a bit disappointing.

Almondigas con Tomate (meatball): Eh. Pretty typical meatball.

Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic and white wine): Delicious.  We all agreed that it was the best shrimp any of us have had in awhile.

Caracoles aioli (glazed escargots): I hadn't had escargot before.  It was a good experience, although I had to most of them myself.  Probably won't order them again for risk of that happening again.

Chorizo: Meh.  Not bad, but nothing really to it.  Just sausage.

Rabo de Buey (oxtail): Amazing.  Best thing I've eaten in awhile, period.

Valenciana Paella: Delicious.  This put the meal over the top.

Because we didn't have drinks, the damage was less than $25 a pop.  And we were stuffed.  I'll definitely be back.
We went last Thursday for my boyfriend's mother's birthday. The decor was fun and so were the staff's uniforms. The had live music and dancing, which was fun. The service was pretty good but the iced tea didnt need to take 40 mins. The food was great, the sangria was so so but overall I think its a great place for Tapas. I recommend it
Entertainment - Great!
Tapas - Great!
Service - Great!
Entrees - Mediocre

We tried the sole and the tenderloin with shrimp entrees and I didn't find either one really up to par.  The shrimp was fishy and not tasty at all.  The tapas we had were good - the lamb and the ox tail.

There was a live flamenco performance that was really great!  

Service was excellent.

I would go back to this place, but I hope they improve on some of the food items.
So I had my first experience with Tapas last night. Our first blunder was with the host. We didn't have reservations and they gave us this look, like we didn't belong. Bad first impression I thought and I was like well we will just sit at the bar then, which I find better anyways, and they complied. The bartender was very informative with the menu and gave us some suggestions, so he made up for the host. After a round of drinks our food arrived and the presentations was very aesthetically appealing. After trying a single bite of each dish, all I have to say is that the food was fantastic!! A friend and myself went here with no expectations and we were delightfully pleased on the type of meal in which we received. We split 4 dishes. We had a shrimp dish, a lamb, a chicken, and a squid stuffed with cuddle fish. The food was divine. 
My only real complaint about that place is how loud it is. They have a live band. I'm not sure if it's every night or only on the weekends. Though the band was exceptionally good and they had a dancer it was so friggin loud. My friend and I were pretty much screaming at each other the entire night and we were literally right next to each other sitting at the bar. That's why I will give this place a 4 stars instead of 5. I will definitely be back though. Maybe for lunch instead of dinner though.
Great ambience any night with live music.  Did a large group on a Saturday when live Flamenco was in house.  Entire staff is incredibly accommodating and friendly including the chef and management. 

We did a large selection of tapas amongst 10 or so people and nearly everything was exceptional with nothing being below great.  Very authentic feeling and surely as close to a tapas meal in Spain itself as you will find in old town.  Highly recommended.
extremely disappointing!  We have had tapas in Spain and many cities in  the US.  Probably one of the best was Bodega bistro in Carefree, sadly no longer there.
None of the tapas dishes stood out as even good!  
Having said all that, the ambiance is good and the wait staff are also good.
We will not return!!
so so food with one of the worst dining experiences thanks to one very rude waiter. having grown up in Spain, I was looking forward to coming here, especially after reading some of the reviews. but even the piquillo peppers stuffed with crab meat were only okay. the sangria almost tasteless. only the artichokes were outstanding. but nothing will make up for the unforgivable sour demeanor of our waiter. if he hadn't been so completely rude i might be more forgiving.
ambiance: beautiful moorish archways inside, gorgeous al fresco dining, they had a guitarist there who was great, on saturdays they have flamenco performances (i was there on a sunday)
service: ok, they had a lot of new servers, they are dressed like they are about to run with the bulls!
I gave them 2 stars for ambiance

If you like their food, then you don't know what authentic yummy tapas are supposed to taste like

but when i go out to eat tapas, I expect something better than my home cooking.
I knew after I looked at their extensive menu that they food would be so-so, reheated, or something like that. How could restaurant have all those choices, with foods that require lengthy preparation, and the restaurant was only 1/4 full on a sunday.

Highlights:
free bread: pan de sal, rolls served with garlic sauce (or what they call aioli). they garlic sauce was yum....but when the dishes started to come out...i was disappointed...they all had the same garlic aoili

I typically order the following tapas at each tapas restaurant I try out to see how each one compares to each other, i've toured spain and ate a tons of tapas places so I know how it should taste:

1) Tortilla espanola
2) Patatas Bravas
3) Pan tomate 
4) Paella Valenciana
5) Red Sangria
6) Croquettas (if they are on the menu, very few restaurants serve these)
7) Sepia(cuttlefish)/Calamares (squid)/ or Pulpo (octopus) a la Plancha

I didn't end up ordering the pan tomate or the tortilla espanola this time. They didn't have a "---" a la plancha on the menu either.. Duh, becuase in order to serve seafood a la plancha it has to be fresh and everything here tasted reheated.

We ordered:

1) patatas bravas: tasted/looked like KFC potato wedges with La Tapatia sauce.  Don't get me wrong, they still tasted decent but they were not authentic
2) fried artichoke with aoili: luke warm brined artichoke with beer batter  lying in a puddle of the garlic aoili suace (yes, the same one that was served with bread)
3) escargot: basically your average canned escargot in garlic/parsley sauce with drizzles of garlic aoili suace (yes, the same one served with the bread), this tasted good, but when does escargot in garlic butter not tasted good?
4) Paella Valenciana: they did not use paella rice, they had too much green bell pepper saute on it, the chorizo? i thought it was cut up vienna sausage at first, but it was chorizo, just in miniature form, they should have just minced it, the rice was more like a stew because there was tons of broth left in the pan, so no burnt soccarrat at the bottom to enjoy, you could tell the rice was blanced earlier and then tossed together with the ingredients in a pot then placed in the paella pan for service...don't bother ordering this if you like paella...it will just piss you off..and where was the saffron essence?
5) ham & cheese croquettas: 3 luke warm croquettas lying in a puddle of the garlic aoili suaces, again: they inside should melt out of the crispy breading, but because it wasnt' hot enough or because the filling was made with too much flour, it didn't

Definitely DO NOT ORDER:

Sauteed mushrooms: it only took them 3 min to bring it out after we ordered them, they were soooo grey and nasty.  I couldn't eat another bite! they were only warmed through...ugh yuck!

Stuffed squid braised with squid ink: i've had a version of this tapa several times so I know this stuff had to be good. Wrong.  The squid stuffing was luke warm in the middle. The ink sauce was missing something, it was heavily diluted with the flavor of chicken bouillion cube broth.
Tapas Papa Frita is a good place for tapas.  Location and decor is great, you'll like the patio, the ambience, the service.  We've tried it twice, once by ourselves for lunch and once with a party of eight for dinner.  There was plenty of variety to the tapas menu, and most were OK -- worth an occasional visit -- but nothing really thrilled us.

Same thing for the entrees.  Most were OK but not memorable.  The Paella was the dreadful exception.  I had the Paella de Pollo, and a friend had the Paella Valenciana. They may as well have been rice soup.  Very watery and none of the crispy scrapings that makes paella so good.
We started the evening out trying to grab a table at Cowboy Ciao. Walked into a  1/2 empty restaurant and were told our party of 4 would have to wait an hour. We are still convinced it was my buddies Smedium shirt that got us black balled. After crossing the street and feeling bummed about the fashion faux pas we were called out to by Kevin (who will from here on be known as The Champion of the Universe). He said they had tables available and we replied with lead the way. He stationed us right in front of the stage where a band was setting up. Not always the best spot depending on the music, but this group(consisting of the whitest Spaniard I've ever heard, his son and a dude who looked like Munch from Law and Order SVU) brought it. The flamenco dancer definitely spiced the show up. Meanwhile the Champion made sure we had time to peruse the menu and offered helpful hints on how much we needed for the four us. We started with the New Basque tapa which was good, but grabbed the bronze medal on this particular evening. Another starter we scarfed down was beef tenderloin w/ adobo since we did have two Filipinas with us. During this time our beers were timely replaced and the ladies never ran out of water. Being Giants fans we have come to expect this type of excellence and the Champion didn't let us down. Our main course was the De Pollo Paella and we were not disappointed. The quantities were just enough that our friends smedium t-shirt didn't bust a seam. This place will definitely get a return visit on our next Spring Training adventure. Good food punctuated by great service.
As an aficionado of Spanish cuisine, I came in hoping to be, at the least, semi-blown, but resulted in a half satisfied appetite.  The biggest draw for me was the seemingly endless count of Tapas, at least a dozen in each category: Seafood, Meat, Vegetables/Cheese.  I always get a kick from trying to visualize what fun flavors can be produced from these "exotic" ingredients.

In my humble book, I tend to base my Spanish experience on one dish and one dish only and that is the glorious Paella!  For me, this is a deal breaker!  The pricing was fair and reasonable, but the quality fell quite short! The classic Valencia was simply, too watery! History tells me it should be fluffier, creamier and rich in flavor! On the other hand, the Arros Negre, was more pleasing and entertaining! If you never had squid ink in the paella form, it is a safe try!  The only caveat is it temporarily leaves black marks around your lips, teeth, and tongue.

The list of Tapas we tried included: 
** the best and recommended

- The Spanish Potato Pie: was not as soft and fluffy as I imagined, parts of it were choppy, mediocre taste.

- Mushrooms with Garlic and Sherry: very average, nothing too special here.

** Rabbit Stew with Bread Sauce: for the first time trying this, it was actually pretty good, tasted like Chicken!  the meat was tender with a rich flavored stew!

** Braised Oxtail in Paprika Sauce: pleasantly pulled off the bone good!

- Lamb Chops: thought it was somewhat dry, thus not as juicy as I had hoped for.  2 or 3 pieces, I believe.

- Calamari Rings: the batter was light and cooked perfectly, accompanied by three different sauces, that I cannot recall the names to, but nonetheless, tasty.

- Snails: average, nothing to spectacular.

The pitcher of Sangria was too small for my usual liking, it filled just 4 small glasses and lacked the wine taste.

What I liked the most was the atmosphere--live music created a fun mood and the rich detail of the Spanish-esque decor to bring everything together.

Since I was here for my birthday, they did bring out a complimentary flan that I thought tasted a little eggy? The cool part was partaking in a Spanish tradition where the server shoots a long stream of wine into your mouth. 
 
Overall, the experience here was just average with mediocre flavors among the Tapas with some exceptions, thus, I would only return for the Squid Ink Paella, Rabbit Stew, and Braised Oxtail.
This place is just cool, love the atmosphere and the service.  Food was very good as well, I have never been to Spain so I could not tell you how authentic it was but it seemed very different.  The warm bread they put out with the white cream sauce was to die for, I think we devoured 2 portions very quickly with my entire family.  We had to come here for my daughters Spanish class so she could get extra credit so I would have never known about this place since I live in the far NW valley.  There was live music and a woman dancing onstage "wish I knew what kind".  I would definitely go back.  We also got there late on a Saturday night and they were able to get us outside seating in 15 minutes with a party of 6 which was awesome.  There were some cigar smokers outside that kept getting smoke on us (I'm not one to tell someone they cant smoke near us) but it was annoying.  The service was so great and both our waiter and the manager came over and apologized for the smoke.  This is a very classy place and would like to go back for a date night without the kiddos next time.
Delicious food w/ wonderful recommendations from our server. Beautiful outdoor night, good wine & Spanish guitar. Can't wait to go back!
I love reading the reviews on Yelp but always told myself that it was going to take an unbelievable experience to write a review.  This was my first experience in a Tapas Restaurant but boy was I extremely impressed.  The atmosphere was absolutely brilliant, and I even felt that I was dining in a different country. 

We walked in without reservations but were treated like we were regulars by the general manager.  We sat at the bar and ordered drinks while we waited.  I am normally a vodka drinker, but the bartender told us we had to try their Sangria.  I can tell you this: It was so worth going out of my comfort level, and I realized that maybe I should listen to the experts more often.  

Our wait time was only half the time we were supposed to wait.  We sat down and were entertained with the Flamenco dancers.  When the food got to the table it was out of this world.  We tried things that I never thought to eat in my entire life along with other delicacies.  The owner Joseph came over to introduce himself and it felt like he actually cared that we were dining in his restaurant.  In today's dining very rarely do you ever have the owner conversing with the patrons and making them feel at home.  Best of all, he sent complimentary champagne over because we were dining for a special event.  This great experience led me to schedule my 30th birthday party at the venue.
I arrived expecting a great night here but due to the horrible Sangria and Paella, mediocre tapas, and lousy service, I left extremely disappointed. 

I have walked by this place a few times before and seeing all the people on the patio enjoying the beautiful sunset and listing to the Flamenco music, it just seemed like a cool place. Unfortunately, we did not have reservations and so although the patio was complete empty when we arrived, we were told by the host (owner?) in a very condecending way that all the tables on the patio were reserved and so we would have to be seated inside. That dampened my spirits a little but I was still anticipating an enjoyable evening with my hubby and some good food. To start off, we ordered a pitcher of Sangria to share and some soup. Sangria arrived first in a surprisingly small pitcher. I could not believe that small pitcher was $22!  It turned out to be a good thing since it was so bad, neither one of us wanted to drink it. It was by far the worst Sangria I have ever had. It tasted like it was 1/2 cheap red wine and 1/2 club soda. Not sweet, not fruity. Instead of bright refreshing slices of citrus and other fruits there were a few bits of orange rind and a couple of pieces of some other fruit that had been diced so small it was unrecognizable. I ordered the gazpacho which was pretty good although I prefer it chunky rather than pureed and my husband got the seafood stew. That had a good flavor to it but the seafood in it was very overcooked. 

We decided not to order any tapas with seafood in them after seeing the quality that was in the soup. We selected three Tapas to start with: the beef tenderloin, the leek tart, and the potato tortilla. The beef was pretty good, nothing special about it but it had a good flavor. The leek tart was not so great but the sauce it came with was delicious and we mopped it up with the bread in the bread basket. The tortilla was disappointing. To me this is the quintessential tapa dish so I was expecting it to be great but it was rubbery and tasteless as if it had been prepared hours earlier and then reheated. We had intended to start with only 3 tapas since we had already had the soup and told our waiter that we reserved the right to order more. He pressured us into ordering some paella as well so we did. Now I absolutely love paella, it is truly one of my favorite dishes on earth but since other Yelp reviewers had said to stay away from it I ordered it with some misgivings. 

The paella arrived about 20 minutes after we had finished the rest of our meal. Our waiter did warn us that it took a while to prepare but I was not expecting it to take that long. As soon as we tried it, I realized that it was not worth the wait. As other reviewers have mentioned it was way too watery and very bland tasting. In addition, the vegetables tasted like they came from a bag in the freezer section. And the seafood was the same rubbery stuff that was in the soup. The rings of calamari were so tough, you could not cut them with a fork, I had to use a serrated knife. The shrimp had lost all of its sweet flavor and was just as tough. The entire dish was so awful that we didn't even finish it. 

So, they were already down two stars for the horrible Sangria and Paella... Also while waiting for the Paella, I visited the ladies room which although beautifully decorated was filthy. Dirty restaurant bathrooms are a personal pet-peeve of mine so that had knocked them down a star as well. Also, the cheesy outfits the servers wear and the overall poor service (we were brought the wrong dishes initially and had to ask repeatedly for plates since we were sharing) had knocked them down another star. The final straw was that as we were leaving I counted four empty tables on the patio that we could have been seated at.  Overall, just a horrible experience.  I strongly recommend staying away from this place.
Great atmosphere and location, but mediocre food. 
The tapas were sub-par and the paella valenciana didn't deserve to be called paella.  The best part of the meal by far was the warm bread rolls served with an aioli dip. 
Our friendly waiter knew absolutely nothing about Spanish food, but was very nice. I'd blame management for his ingnorance. 
The wine list was extensive and reasonable, and dessert was acceptable. 
They had an excellent guitarrist playing classic flamenco on the patio, so I'd recommend this place for a glass of wine and live music on a nice day or night, but don't go hungry or you'll be dissapointed.
Saturday I had lunch with my girlfriend and her family to celebrate her Mom's bday.  We had a great meal and the weather was perfect on the patio.  

Just like my previous visit I loved the food I had oxtail which was amazing and crab stuffed peppers.  Our server Kevin was great and took very good care of us.
Tapas Papa Frita is located in a great area in Scottsdale - within walking distance of Fashion Square Mall and many Old Town Scottsdale shops.  I love the small plate portions - it allows you to try many dishses.  I especially  love the Gambas al Pil-Pil (sauteed gulf shrimp) and Solomillo Moruno (grilled tenderloin).  The festive dress of the wait staff along with the rustic decor of the restaurant transports you to a village in Spain. The outdoor patio offers a nice view of Scottsdale shops and canal.  In the evening, there is live entertainment - Flamenco dancing and music.  This is a fun spot to enjoy an evening of great food and entertainment, Spanish style.
1) The wait staff all wear silly costumes

2) Our entrees came out before the appetizers which was totally bizarre. 

3) The apps were dropped off at the table before we finished the entrees. 

4) The food was OK but not worth what we paid. 

5) They comp'd the second round of sangrias due to the kitchen mixup so that was nice. 

6) Great location, right on the waterfront. 

7) Cheesy decor.  Felt like a chain.
Try the Mussels!  The food is above average, the ambiance impressive, the outside seating is great, the happy hour is worth regular price, and the service is good and friendly.  Love this place and I hope you do too!
We were spending one night in Phoenix before driving on, and had dinner at Tapas Papa Frita. It was amazing - between the six of us, we ordered most of the vegetable/cheese tapas, plus several seafood tapas. All but one of the twelve tapas was delicious, and disappeared quickly. Our waiter, Arturo, was outstanding (he taught us several Basque words, joked around, etc.), and the chef came out and spoke with us about Spain and the Basque country. Overall, I would highly recommend this for the tapas - and the atmosphere and service.
The atmosphere is great.......spanish music...good service.

The food is tasty.............but very expensive.  Plan to spend $40 pp and leave without being full.  Very limited beer selection

worth a try....
The food is wonderful. The service was a bit lacking. The server was nice but not as attentive as he should have been for a non busy evening. We ordered the Gazpacho, Monk Fish, Beef Tapas and Pappas Aioli. All of the tapas dishes were delicious! I even liked the fish which humored my friend since I usually hate all fish dishes. When I was in Spain I became a little addicted to Cafe Con Leche and it is good here. The Churos were a bit different, not authentic,  but tasty. When I asked if they served them with chocolate I was expecting the way they serve them in Spain. Did not happen but I still enjoyed them. In fact all the deserts here sound awesome. I will have to go back and try all of them. The first being the stuffed apple delight. This place is expensive though.
Great service; our server recommended several great dishes and was attentive but didn't hover.  Excellent wine list and all of our food was creative and flavorful!
Went back recently and had food that was much much better than my first experience.  Maybe I ordered better, maybe it was the company, but this time I left happy and satisfied.  The bread comes piping hot and fresh and you can dip it in a super garlicky sauce that is addictive.  (well addictive if you like aioli's compared to butter).  Had the Spanish sausage, chicken paella, the tortilla, and papas bravas.  Washed it down with the white bubbly sangria that was delicious.  Everything came out the right temperature and looking delicious.  I was not dissapointed this time at any of the food.  We got out of there for a very reasonable price and my only gripe was that when we ordered dessert they substituted an apple tarte for the baked apple we wanted without telling us it was no longer available.  Aside from that small misstep it was great.  The guitar player really made the atmosphere interesting and fun.  Overall, I am changing my tune about Tapas Papa Frita.  Oh and they have a great Happy Hour I plan on trying on the weekends.
First off, I love ordering a variety of things.  I would rather split a few appetizers among friends then order a meal.  That is just me, so keep that in mind.
Tapas Papas has a great tapas menu.  Any place you can get ox tail can't be bad.  3-6 PM EVERY DAY the ENTIRE menu is 1/2 off.  That's right, 1/2.  Their beer selection is actually pretty solid, and from what I hear the wine list is good too.  3 of us came for non happy hour, we had 5 drinks, beef skewers, crab stuffed red peppers, some spicy shrimp and their bread with crack-sprinkled dipping sauce, all for $60 plus tip.  Come for happy hour, return for dinner sometime if you are a fan.
We loved this place! And it was by complete accident that we found it. We ordered three small plates for their happy hour. The Spicy Shrimp dish was delicious, along with the mushrooms but the crab stuffed peppers were not a dish we will be revisiting. We also really enjoyed the bread and garlic dip. The Service was great! Our Waiter had a great personality and was full of suggestions. Be prepared, happy hour prices are great on food but not on wines by the glass. Great Place to go and I highly recommend it!
I really enjoyed this place. I went there as a group of 6 for dinner. We had the Patatas Bravas - They were ok, maybe too much paprika for my liking, Queso Manchego - This cheese was delicious - Not too strong nor too bland,  Rabas *not gluten free* - one from our group doesn't like calamari & ate 3 and he mentioned they were really good (that says a lot), Salpicon de Mariscos - This was one of my favorites. The seafood was soooooo goood, perfectly marinated, Chorizo - Yummy!, Chuletilla de Cordero - This was juicy and delicious, Rabo de buey - I hate that I even tried this one, but it was delicious as well, and the famous Jamon Iberico - Very, very delicious. I was very content with 2 bites of this, but still had a 3rd. 

I had a pitcher of the Salesianos Sangria. Absolutely perfect. Delicious, refreshing, .... made me tipsy. Loved this!

I ordered the Cortado coffee but received the Carajillo instead. Never had a downer in my upper before, but it was good coffee too. I also ordered the flan. I was dissapointed with it. Not much flavor. Pretty bland and stiff. My friend had the Manzana al Horno *not gluten free* but I still took a bite out of it and I must say that was one of the best pastries I have ever had. Lucky wheat-eaters. 

You can imagine with a table of six and a lot of liquor the bill was quite expensive. But I must also say how absolutely delicious and satisfying it all was. 

My partner and I could of ate another plate (but we had only had breakfast that day). The other four of our group were full. 

Oh I almost forgot to mention the entertainment! The flamenco dancers were great to watch and the music was beautiful too. It was pretty loud but still enjoyable. Great place!
This is our new favorite place in Scottsdale!  The food was phenomenal, the service was great and the ambience was charming with great live music.  

Nick took wonderful care of us from the moment I called to make the reservation.  He personally chose a selection of tapas and paella for our group of 6 based on the things we told him we liked and not a single dish disappointed!  Favorites include the lamb chops, the filet skewers, cheese-stuffed portobellos and bacon/cheese empenadas.  The seafood paella was also incredible!  I also highly recommend the sangria, both the traditional and the white.  Nick comped all the birthday boy's drinks which was a very thoughtful gesture and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and wine selection.

We were there for dinner, but we will definitely be back again soon for happy hour... 3-6pm every day and the entire menu and sangria are 50% off!  In a town where new, overly-hyped restaurants come and go on the regular, we were very pleasantly surprised with Tapas Papa Frita and can't wait to go back.
The vegetarian options were numerous and delicious. I wouldn't do the veggie paella again though. Happy hour cannot be beat. When the weather allows, the outside patio along the canal is a great place to be.
Best food I have ever had.
The garlic aoli wth bread is to die for! Have taken several people here and besides the gorgeous atmosphere of the place, they also comment on the aoli.  Have tried many of the tapas and paella and all pretty good. Fav is sitting at the bar, choosing a delic wine from an extensive wine list (or sangria which my hub loves) and eating their breadcwith aoli.  Gotta try it!
Went there this past Sat for the first time with my boyfriend.  The food was AMAZING!!  Everything we had was delicious and it was hard not to eat more!  The crab stuffed peppers were beyond amazing and I cannot wait to go back for them.  Wish they had a few more pinot grigio selections but huge wine list which was nice.  The only reason I didn't give them a 5 star rating was because our server was very hard to understand with a heavy accent, spoke super fast and very quiet.  Wish he had taken a little more time to explain the menu when I told him it was our first time there.  Definitely will be back for the food and live music, though!
Probably my favorite meal in Phoenix so far.  We were here for restaurant week, and the food we got was not on the regular menu.  That said, all of it was fantastic, would definitely return.  Great atmosphere in a good location as well.
I'm from Spain, Asturias, so I am biased. I  first remember this place 23 years ago at the corner of 32nd & Camelback - and ate there about 3 times a week back then.  I was heartbroken when they closed.  Then, a version opened at Civic Center, and was ok.  So when I saw this, same name, logo, I assumed somehow same owners or some tie to the place I loved oh so long ago.  Oh how wrong I was..   My first observation was immediately drawn to the one dish representing Asturias, Cabrales and Membrillo.  Please note, it's M-E-M-B-R-I-L-L-O, not m-e-n-b-r-i-l-o (quince paste), so the typo instinctively told me, lack of detail to printing a menu with a typo.  Then the menu my husband had and mine, were not in the same order, so when he was pointing out croquetas, I couldn't find inside, by this time the waitress came by and stated oh, we like to confuse our guest and not organize the menu the same, she had a great sense of humor about it, but again, attention to detail.  I know it sounds super picky, who cares about a typo and order pages are, but again, those first details are a sign of what's to come.   I knew this wasn't an Asturian place, NEVER expected it to be, but FYI, Asturias does have some pretty decent typical (simple) dishes.  World Famous Chef Jose Andres is from Asturias, and he's done incredibly offering alot of cuisine from our province..   So the offering of Cabrales only, well, like I typed, totally biased.   (FYI, I didn't order it, because after you've had Cabrales from the caves of Cabrales, I'm sorry, I'm just not willing to try it anywhere else.)   We ordered the croquetas, cerdo de jamon and boquerones.  We got the croquetas within 5 minutes, so that was a bit disappointing, knowing that even if they were pre rolled/made and all it needed to do was frying, that it would take more than 5 minutes - so I assume that they were pre-cooked at some point.  I didn't know what kind they were, as I didn't find them on the menu, but they were supposed to be ham and cheese.  They had no flavor.  Just fried doughish, with alioli sauce, very bland, very disappointing.  There were 3 on the plate, and I only ate the 1.  Then came the cerdo and boquerones, another 2 mins after we were done with the croquetas.  I immediately touched the sauce with my finger, cause it didn't look hot, and it was lukewarm.  The boquerones were exactly what I expected, canned, oiled boquerones, which, if you've ever been to Galicia, you know some of the best seafood in the world is immediately canned, and a can of seafood can retail for $90.   (oh, I KNOW this wasn't it, but  a $5 can of boquerones is also good).   The pork had been cooked at least a day before - there is no way it was done that morning/day.  It wasn't cooked in the sauce either.  It was dry, almost like a dry pork chop you smother in sauce, but it never absorbed the sauce other than covering it when it was plated.  Besides dry, it was also warm to go with the warm sauce.  Not sure if warm was what they were going for (vs hot), but again, disappointing.  As I stated, boquerones were fine, decent can, so that was the only ok thing.  We were starving, but didn't order anything else but the check to go have lunch else where.  Service was friendly, It was lunch time, about 1 pm on Saturday, 11/12/11.  Sad to say we will never be back.  It wasn't worth complaining to the waitress, I wasn't looking for a freebie or comp, it was just bad food, taken with of shortcuts.
This was a great find.  My wife and I were looking for a Tapas place and this is the one we found.  I saw a paella that I really wanted to try (paella diablo), but it is typically a very large portion meant for two people to share.  Unfortunately, my wife isn't all that into spicy food, so I thought I would take a chance and see if they could make me a smaller portion.  My waiter went and asked the chef if they could accommodate that request and the chef was very willing to do so!  It was excellent and I was very happy to see that they could take the extra steps to make me happy!  The live music and dancer were also very entertaining.  Definitely check it out.
I had my birthday celebration here.... and it was a FANTASTIC space to celebrate with 40 of my closest friends and family.

Joe and Amber are AWESOME!!!... 

They made sure I got what a princess, like me, deserves - as far as TOP-NOTCH customer service.... YUMMINESS and tasty FOOD and DRINKS :)

I ordered 'every-t-h-i-n-g' on the menu without hesitation.... and was not disappointed.

Thank you Amber and Joe!!

I'm a fan of Tapas Papa Frita!!
Went here for my birthday w my gf and daughter.  The hostess sat us at a corner table that was blocked in by another table!  That was fine until she sat another party at that particular table. Now I was blocked in and could easily eavesdrop not that I wanted too.   The restaurant wasn't busy and the waiter seemed to forget his introduction and our drink order. The bus boy was fast w the water and bread but that didn't help bc he's not the waiter. I saw the owner/manager and informed him of my concerns and he happily moved us to another table and sent over a waiter. The food was good but not spectacular.  I'll stick to Aaron May's "Iruna".
I spent a week in Spain, which makes me an expert on Spanish cuisine.  I spent most of my time in Seville, which in no way limits my knowledge of the cuisine as Seville has great food.  Tapas Papa Frita oozes good food in sauces, creams, and oil.  I like to order plates with sausage.  The menu discloses the origin in Spain of each dish.  The vegetarian tapas include the standard fair with patatas bravas, tortilla de patatas, which was tortilla española in Spain, and miarmones.  The soups were okay and the gazpacho was nothing special.  The meat was great, and I couldn't stop eating those small plates.  The decor feels luxurious with a giant wooden door as the entrance and a giant wax candle that greets you at the entrance.  The ambiance indoors exudes a street cafe feel with mini trees, votives, a stone like floor, lantern candle holders, and an arched partition between the inner and outer dining areas.  The large window into the kitchen is also a nice touch.  Somehow, I feel like I can trust the food more even though I hardly pay attention to what is actually going on in the kitchen.  We came to see Yumi La Rosa dance and she had the other two males in my party and I perform a flamenco bull fighter dance on stage.  On the edge of Old Town, the restaurant is located next to the Scottsdale "waterfront," a canal that cuts through the city.  When you're in the Phoenix area, I guess that's the best you can do for eating at the waterfront.  Great restaurant and a nice area of Scottsdale.
Mainly for the music I was able to enjoy on a Friday night. They even have a dancer who delights you with her talent.

Tapas are not my thing, but gladly I have already been fed so I just tasted a bit of the Albondigas my friend ordered. GREAT taste. The salsa where they came, had a fresh roasted flavor that I still remember.

Their wine selection is interesting as my friend wanted a red but similar to oporto, one of their tempranillos did the trick to satisfy her. 

I couldn't resist the temptation and ended up ordering a crema Catalana, the Spanish version of creme brulee......YUM!!! it passed my requirements with an excellent.  Service could improve a little bit...but I'm biased being south american hahahah.
Disappointment on a tiny plate. I'm giving TPF 3 stars because the restaurant is exceptionally beautiful, they had live Spanish guitar and a flamenco dancer when I was there and the Sangria is fabulous. The food on the other hand , blah. From someone who cooks and considers eating a sport, I could totally taste that many of the ingredients had been bought pre made and frozen. 
I'll give a little run down on what we had.
Rolls- were frozen, par baked like you buy at the grocery store for Thanksgiving dinner but they did come with the most amazing garlic dip. They called it aioli ,it wasn't even close to an aioli, but delicious all the same.   
Almondigas con Tomate - essentially frozen meat balls sitting in canned spaghetti sauce.
Tortilla de Patatas - Potatoes used to make it - frozen 
 Pisto gratinado~ cauliflower in Iberico béchamel sauce covered in puff pastry - 2nd best dish we had. 
The highlight of the meal was an open faced empanada with roasted garlic and goat cheese. I don't see it on the online menu to get the actual name but it was gooey, garlicy,goat cheesy and I could have eaten 3 of them. 
Cava Sangria - tasty, tart and a great deal. The Sangria on its own is $8 a glass but by the pitcher it is only $36. We got 6 full glasses out of the pitcher so you can do the math on the value. 
We had a few other things but they weren't worth mentioning. I'm also not going to go to detailed into the service because the place was packed and had several large parties of self entitled Scottsdaleites blocking the aisles and demanding much more attention than was necessary but I will say it was about 30 mins before we got our drinks and over an hour before we got our 1st dish. The rest came about 25 mins after that. The waiter was apologetic and we understood that it was more the kitchen and clientele than anything else. I wouldn't go back for the food but I would for the music and the Sangria.
So happy to have found this restaurant, it was the complete package for night out. 

First, the decor welcomes you in and sets the mood... 
Beautiful lighting, check
Miro artwork, check
Beautiful bar area and classy place settings, checkity check.

Next up, the food and drink. I ordered the Paella de Pollo and a number of Tapas. Everything was delicious and came out hot and fresh from kitchen. No overwhelming spices and heat in these dishes--the flavors are more subtle and carefully prepared. Pre-dinner rolls were not the best, but I did not want to fill up on that anyway.  There was a decent wine selection and full bar for drinks.  Drinks have nice flavor but are not made strong, so if you are a booze hound, you've been warned.  The prices are medium-high, not outrageous for a restaurant in this area.

Finally the entertainment. This is just an added bonus that takes the restaurant to the next level.  You can enjoy Spanish guitar and Flamenco while dining? Yes. And it is fantastic.  Be aware, some people come just to enjoy the music, so there will be people hovering about the tables during the performance. It can get a bit crowded near stage (bordering on claustrophobic).  And while I enjoyed the atmosphere-some people might not. But if you love live music and the energy that comes with it, you wont be disappointed.

Definitely worth a visit or three. Muy bien!!
There are so many issues with this restaurant that do not have the time nor the space to list so I will be succinct.

Positives:
1. The rabbit dishes are well prepared and tender.
2. The oxtail dish is delicious
3. The flamenco dancer was very good and kind to the children at our table.

Negatives (Gordon Ramsey would have a field day):
1. Way over priced for the quality of food served
2. The tapas were obviously not fresh, prepared in large quantities and stored under heat lamps. Most dishes were dry (fishes), chewy (sausages), or cold and spongy (tortes).
3. A server belched behind my wife as he passed by.
4. The staff were inattentive, seldom removed our empty plates, or checked on us to see if we needed anything.
5. The sangria was average at best (red) and disgusting at worst (white).
6. The paella was very watery and overpriced for what was received.

Ultimately, this restaurant fails because of the gargantuan menu. They have what seems like 100 or more tapas selections, but they prepared only a very few well. TRIM THE MENU!!

The only reason I give Two stars is due to the kind dancer who invited our friends little girl to dance on stage for a song.

Our party of 8 will not return here again.
tapas papa frita while i enjoyed most of the dishes some of them the flavor just wasn't there and while i don't care about the prices or that there small plates, if you complain about small plates at a tapas restaurant please just go back to your fast food restaurant and don't bother.  this is a place to try the things that other restaurants in scottsdale wont serve try and be a little more adventurous with you eating.  Scottsdale is very limited in restaurants that try to be different so i am thankful that we have one less chain restaurant to go to
I had a great time here. We made a large reservation in advance and they were very accomodating. There ended up being more people than we originally thought and they took great care of us.

The service was good, especially from the owner/manager. He made sure to ask us how everything was and shake our hands when we left which I found really refreshing. The server took a while to bring our check, but we were having such a good time talking it really didn't matter.

The atmosphere was great as well. They had a flamenco dancer there and the ladies and I really enjoyed oogling him over the course of the night. He also would teach you how to dance if you wanted to and dragged the two birthdays in our party up on stage to dance with them. He was definitely a highlight of the night.

The food was absolutely delicious. I had one of their specials for the day, which was basically a seafood chippino with a side of safron rice. If I could have, I would have licked the bowl clean the sauce was so good. The bread and dip they give you at the beginning of the meal are also very good. It's really easy to fill up on them. I tried the eggplant and crab tapas my friend got and they were so good. Everyone else seemed to really enjoy their food as well.

The only issue I had here was the bathroom. It wasn't stocked and could have been cleaner.

Besides that, the experience here was pretty wonderful and I'm already planning on dragging some of my friends and family back here.
The food here is ok, and I'm fine with the small plates...that's what tapas is all about. The service at this place is so bad I'm thinking about throwing my computer. Zero personalities, major attitudes, I had to ask for a napkin, the server barely came by, and when I went to wash my hands and realized there was no more paper towels, the owner (?) gave me a whole unopened package so I could fill up the dispenser myself. What a joke. Save your patience and go to any other great restaurant in Scottsdale.
Let's get this out of the way, the food is absolutely delicious. So why the two stars? Because the service was that bad! We were seated and about 10 minutes later a guy came by to take our drink order...the place was empty, there is no excuse for leaving someone waiting for a drink that long. He hastily delivered the drinks and bolted before I could say I was ready to order. 30 minutes later another waiter stopped by and asked "has anyone ever come by for you guys?" after I said no he then informed us that he was the only one willing to actually work tonight apparently. He was helpful in recommending some delicious tapas...but then he went over to the other staff and yelled "someone needs to figure out who is helping that table!" he never came back either....about 1 hour after arriving we finally got our meal. These were the smallest sized tapas I ever had. They were delicious but only a couple of bites for two people to share per plate. For the price I expected more. While leaving, I noticed a bunch of waiters sitting at a table on the patio messing around...ridiculous!
A few of us stopped by here after work for a little food and drink.  We went buck-crazy and ordered a ton of Tapas.  Here's what we ordered:

Patatas Bravas ~ Spicy Potato wedges (Burgos) $4.95
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=DV0lG3c-DobjZ-UM8BEDcA

Chorizo ~ Red Pepper Sausage (Rioja) $5.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=-tlRkoU8fGBUo5bVD3Qj3w

Tigres ~ Steamed Mussels in a spicy Hot Sauce (Basque) $7.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=E8OEfJMGBtMyKtoSXpIJjw

Rabas ~ Tender Calamari Rings, club soda batter (Basque) $6.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=RiaeNcPUtildRkOQqeA59w

Almondigas con Tomate ~ Spanish Meatballs in a roasted Tomato Sauce (Murcia) $6.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=8qlVvEGJxw-6QemgDHVfmw

Croquetas de Jamon y Queso ~ Ham and Cheese Croquettes (New Castille) $5.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=FeupOhh6i0_GnWGhIZHlow

Rabo de Buey ~ Oven roasted Ox Tail with Carrots, Roasted Peppers, and Tempranillo Wine Sauce (Basque) $19.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=PbyX24hx_F7Sb7Ad3WBMWA

Chuletilla de Cordero ~ Open flame-broiled Lamb Chops with Herbs (Old Castile) $10.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=oZmbtFxxvewV23e-9V2KoQ

Gambas al Pil-Pil ~ Sautéed Gulf Shrimp, Garlic, Guindilla Pepper, White Wine (Andalucía) $8.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=RXyMMgvjf8e2wYkILDXmlg

Cordero Burgales ~ Lamb Ossobucco, castille style (Castilla la vieja) $24.00
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-9nai28tnoylwViuJVrYEQ?select=gSq_8nXnfonJmDa5u5mj9w

We grubbed and drank Wine all night long.  What a great after-work dinner!  Good thing I didn't pick up the bill that night!

Return Factor - 100%
I love this place!

I would come here every night they have Flamenco dances if I could cause I love Flamenco!

The food here is pricy for tapas, but I'm not going to complain cause I thought overall it's pretty good. I didn't know what my friend ordered, but it was music to my palate while I savor the moment as I watched the Flamenco dancer sway, move, and stomp with a passion!  Must need strong thighs and calves I gather.  We ordered some finger potatoes with a creamy cilantro aioli, escargot in a red marinara, and some cherry tomatoes salad -- Yum Yum and Yum!

The service was pretty good overall, but both host looks like they were hit mans! No disrespect, but tone it down. Suits are great, but I would go with all black with black tie to give that 5 star service flare.

Ambience was great!  What can I say play some Flamenco music and yes you had me at hello! - Enjoy!
Great tapas.  the owner chef greeted us during our meal, he truly enjoys what he does.  Great atmosphere.
The food here is very good.  All of the tapas appear to be good.  Got several and enjoyed them with my wife, and father.  I was at this place last night.

I still miss Iruna's, as it is closed for remodeling.  I would have gone to Iruna's if they were open.  

My wife said that the food at Tapas Papa Frita was good, but like me, she wishes Iruna's would hurry up and complete their remodeling, as she likes the food better there.
Abby and I were cruising around Old Town on bikes when we passed a sign, "$2 tapas" 3pm - 6pm Monday-Friday. Even if the food is mediocre, that is worth a shot, especially to sit on the patio overlooking the "waterfront" and Camelback mountain.

We sat down and as bikers weren't alone. There were several bikes locked up next to the patio, so I felt better about how we were dressed. Actually I normally wouldn't care about how I was dressed but the place looked so nice. One of the things I remember the most is the guy working the front door. He had this Godfather "let me take care of you guys" vibe and made me feel really comfortable about trying out this new place. 

Okay enough about the place, the food is what makes this place amazing. We ordered just about everything on the menu and had about 2 drinks each and walked out full and spent less than $20 w/ tip! The food had soooo much amazing flavors and the presentation was very visually pleasing. 

It sounds like they have a lot of interesting things going on at night but I can't wait to get back here for another happy hour.
I loved the service here. Our waiter was superb. I love the fact that he gave us recommendations. Reasons why he would choose certain dishes and why he'd hold off on others (not because they're not good - more bc others had richer flavors). I like waiters who can make recs like that! So for sure 5*'s for that. 

Price wise, it's $$ for the food that we got, but hey, this is AZ, and I guess you figure Spanish food is hard to come by. 

Off the happy hour tapas menu (not sure if it's the same all the time). I liked the pork. It wasn't super tender, but the flavor was good, so still enjoyable. The sole was a hit! The stuffed mussels were ok. I wouldn't recommend getting them even if you are a mussel fan. 

Other stuff we got:

The special of the day (this was a couple weeks ago)/"octopus?": butterflied shrimp stuffed with crab. The shrimp was good, but I'm just not a fan of that crab cake type of crab taste. I like the real, fresh chunks of crab taste. It was interesting that there was a slice of bacon wrapped around. I don't regret getting it and trying it. But wasn't a favorite.

Leek tart in pastry puff/Porrusalda: It was rich and flavorful, but not a favorite of mine. The hubs liked it though. 

Berejenas/Layered Crab & Eggplant Tart: Not bad. 

Pimiento Piquillo con Centollos/crab stuffed peppers in saffron sauce: Wasn't a big fan bc of the way the crab is prepared (see above comment)

Ok, now for our favorite dish! The Lenguado a la Gabardina! So good! Our waiter said that the owner eats this every day. We understand why. Delicious! but seeing how much we ordered for 2, I was pretty stuffed by the end!

I have a love/hate relationship with the menu. There's so much that it's annoying, yet so much that I would still like to try. We'll probably come back and try some other stuff.
Excellent selection of food, and a nice variety of flavors.  It was a quiet evening (Monday), so service was fine.  Maybe too quiet as the wait staff was not circulating.
Great food but can get very pricey because you have to order soooo many dishes to get full.  Nicholas was a great server ask for him and you are sure to have a great night. They leave a menu close by they must know the portions are small.
Good, large menu although a bit expensive. Service cold and slow (server only came once to our table to sell us more wine, not to ask how we were doing). Atmosphere very nice.
Ole! Gracias to the host for making room for my crew! This place will make you want to become a Flamenco dancer and come back for more! First glance of the place and I new I was in for a fun night full with Flamenco, Sangria, Paella and Tapas Papa Frita! Nice ambiance Spanish Style with romantic and very fitting live Flamenco entertainment. Prices were reasonable for as much or as little as wished. Your choice of Tapas topped off with a Paella for two! Walking distance to the Casablanca Lounge Outdoor patio.....European fun hopping adventure for sure!
After Iruna closed I was looking for something like this. While not as urban and chic as Iruna was, Tapas is a top shelf contender with a menu that will blow your mind. We tried lamb, mushroom, shrimp, crab, asparagus, and chicken dishes - all were cooked to perfection. The crab stuffed peppers and lamb chops were my favorites. I suggest the patio if the weather is nice.
AMAZING Place for HH!! Our fav spot for the value due to the beautiful atmosphere, great pricing and tasty apps.  They change their deals every month. We have had $1 sangrias, $2 apps and wine, 1/2 off entire bill: these are just some of the deals they have run

GARLIC AIOLI!!!  I repeat again-  it is to DIE FOR!  Every person I have taken here (a dozen or so) raves about their fresh bread and aioli.   I dream of that aioli every night. :)
Went back here again and took my lil bro for his bday. Turns out they don't do the $2 tapas anymore. I'm not too surprised since they had to be losing a ton of money on that offer! Still great place, a bit pricey for me but excellent food.
We need more places like this! How fun, how authentic. I felt like I was back in Spain again. I can't rate the entree items, the apps were so great we shared 10 of them and never got to the main course. 
Great atmosphere, even in the summer heat the patio was fun for people watching and drinking. 
I am picky, as my other reviews indicate, but this is a winner.
What a splendid find!!! The host, Enrique, delightful, charming and made us feel most welcome. The tapas were delish. Service by Patrick was excellant with good desriptions of the menu.

The music was also a huge addition to an already pleasant atmosphere.

Highly recommended.
This was a gem. Stumbled upon this place after happy hour on a Friday evening. I'm a sucker for good Spanish tapas. The menu is incredibly diverse. My friend and I had the tempranillo braised oxtail, quail in saffron sauce, and the papas fritas (as well as 2 sangrias). The places are tapas style, so somewhat small, but the flavors were so rich. (for the rarity of these dishes, the prices were agreeable). These 3 dishes were enough to fill us up. The sangria was ok. The patio is great and cozy with lights strung up in the trees. The interior is modern with an old world Spanish flair. There was great live music the night we were there... though it would have been nice to hear more Spanish/Flamenco music (a lot of it was Mexican/ Central American style). The services was great and our server was very knowledgeable.
This restaurant is hiding on the 2nd floor, closer to the canal than Stetson Street. My GPS got fooled. Fortunately, my friends were smarter & left me some breadcrumbs to find them there.

Speaking of bread, it's ok but the garlic aioli sauce is more than ok. Do ask for it. It goes well with...the bread ;)

I got the entree, sole dipped in egg. Amen. That's all I can say. Always nervous ordering seafood in Arizona. This was great. Very fresh.

My friends did the tapas thing. I tried their croquettes de Jamon. They were good but we didn't find any Jamon in there.

The waiter was from Spain. What a refreshing change of pace. I speak a little Spanish & had a blast trying to converse.

There was a bit of live flamenco, but my eye was more distracted by the flat screen showing the NBA Finals :D

Bring some friends, try a bunch of stuff. I think you'll enjoy it.
Very nice place on the Scottsdale Waterfront!  I want to give this place the benefit of the doubt as I visited right after the Spain vs. Italy final soccer game today...of course, not realizing it.  The place was in utter chaos and quite a mess.  I was starving though, so decided to stay.  It took quite a while to get a place cleaned off, offered a menu and a drink.  The tapas was delicious and half price from 3-6pm - bonus!  I enjoyed the leek tart, ham and cheese croquettes and garlic chicken casserole with carrots.  The noise was almost unbearable though as the owner's children (told to me by a server) were blowing whistles nonstop...ugh!
Not the best. Quality of the food has gone down hill. We were the only table there and service was very slow. The gazpacho is like a cold tomato bisque, don't order.
What a wonderful place for a night out.....whether with a group of friends, or on a date, I highly recommend this restaurant.

My wife and I had a delicious meal of several appetizers, followed by paella.  Our tapas included:  a portabella mushroom stuffed with goat cheese, a potato pie, and two artichoke hearts dipped in eggand lightly fried.  We had fun debating which one was best....but, that was a wasted discussion once the (vegetarian) paella was brought to the table.  It was authentic and wonderful!  Clearly, we stuck with a vegetarian theme, but diners all around us were equally delighted by their meat dishes.

And here's the thing about this restaurant....we ate outside on a Saturday night in August - usually, not much fun in Scottsdale.   But, the powerful misting system kept us amazingly cool!  We felt like we'd gone on a vacation to escape the heat, but only traveled about 8 miles from our home.  A real treat for us desert dwellers.
This place is ridiculously delicious.  I'd recommend it for larger dinner parties, only because it's nice to be able to sample the variety of dishes they have.  The menu is extensive.  We had six tapas dishes (my husband and me) and would've kept going except that since we were forced to eat slowly and in small portions, we actually did get full after a while.  We had spanish meatballs, an eggplant crab tart (our least favorite and we really liked it), an open faced empanada, a leek puff pastry (incredible) tenderloin skewers, and the ham and cheese croquettes.  Everything was delicious.  We wished that the plates had an equal number of items for splitting and sharing purposes.  Maybe the dishes could have had a little more food on them.  Overall, though, we truly enjoyed our experience.  Our server was great, the ambiance inside was very comfortable.  I'd definitely go back with a group.
As someone who has lived in Spain and loves the culture and the food, I am picky about my Iberian culinary adventures.  And as much as you'd think tapas would be a fantastic choice for a meal, for one reason or another the whole concept often tends to get lost in translation with the food barely resembling its Spanish counterpart.  Having been disappointed by another Spanish restaurant in Scottsdale that I won't name here, I was cautious about Papa Frita as I got there for my birthday.  

Luckily the place was a pleasant surprise!  The mood was great, great lighting and atmosphere.  Our party of 20+ was accommodated with no problems and set at a large table in the middle of the floor.  Flamenco dancing was in full swing.  We settled for a taster menu and got about half a dozen different tapas each leading up to the seafood paella.  While the bill was pretty pricey (may be 3x what it would have cost in Spain), it was pretty much in line or even a bit less than a typical Spanish restaurant.

Overall, good stuff.  Great for very large parties too, as it's difficult to find places like this in Scottsdale.
We were there for a family dinner with my 1 year old baby, The weather was perfect for sit outside, My husband and I different tapas, I ordered ham and cheese croquet, olives and a kind of pastry that I dont remember the name, I liked everything, we also drink Sangria, it was delicious. We were there on Sunday night, and It was kind of quiet.
My husband and I went for AZ restaurant week and then decided we'd rather order tapas instead. We got five, and they were all very tasty. Small plates, yes, but five of them filled us up (or the two baskets of bread with the delectable, creamy dipping sauce did...probably that). Either way, we liked the shrimp and artichoke/chickpea dip tapas the most. They were a little pricey compared to portion size, but they were very delicious, so I'd recommend.

We loved the white sangria the most. Big, cold, perfect pitcher. The only thing not perfect? The price. $36 for a pitcher of sangria. Alas, it is Scottsdale, so you accept it.

Lastly, we went on a Saturday night. There was flamenco dancing with Spanish guitar. Entertaining and enjoyable. Part of me wishes we sat out on the patio, though, because it seemed more romantic and the weather was lovely.
I had been at this restaurant when it first opened and had nice service and food.
The restaurant is spacious and nicely decorated with lots of indoor and outdoor seating.
Last Saturday, my husband and I decided to revisit for an early dinner. We arrived around 6pm and did not have reservations. There was ONE party on the patio and a few parties inside. There were at least 20 or more open tables and nobody at the bar. 
The hostess greeted us and asked if we had a reservation. When we told her "no", she ROLLED HER EYES and said that she was sorry that she had nothing available.
I asked her about the 20-30 EMPTY tables and told her that we only wanted a quick bite, but she told me that they were full and we could sit at the bar, that there was plenty of room there.
FULL? (I think she meant EMPTY).
Actually there was plenty of room EVERYWHERE and nobody coming up to the doors. so I was surprised.
I chose to leave the restaurant and NOT give them my service primarily due to the hostess 'rolling of the eyes' and condescending attitude.
Every other restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale would happily seat us no matter how busy they were, so we chose to spend our money elsewhere.
Actually we went to COWBOY CIAO, which was full, but they worked us in, seated us immediately in a quaint little table & gave us excellent, friendly service. WIth that, we ordered a whole bottle of wine, pigged out and enjoyed the awesome atmosphere!
The service is so mediocre it almost feels like your in Spain, however the food and atmosphere  more then make up for it! Our favorite tapas was the goat cheese stuff dates wrapped in bacon so good
This place is entertaining from a people-watching perspective. On this Saturday night, there were 3 groups over 20 each enjoying the food, dancing and music. Unfortunately for the rest of us, we got some of what we ordered as the service was lame.

For some reason, we never got the lamb, had to beg to get the Shrimp and the mushrooms and the crab were skipped. The paella was great and made up for the crappy service. We were full, and the embarrassed servers offered us free dessert as they knew they had "issues". We passed and they insisted on free "Coffee drinks" which we didn't pass up.

I'd go back, but I'd skip the Tapas and go straight to the Paella. 

Fairly expensive for the value
I love the food at this place! I actually love alot of things about this place. The only thing is that it can be expensive without you even realizing untill you get the bill. My advice... go for 1/2 price tapas at happy hour! Gazpacho is my favorite only $5. They have this crab stuffed pepper that is to die for.
This place is very nice date restaurant.  They had a Spanish band and dancers.  The food was great.  They also have a good patio.
Been there twice. Awesome food and ambiance !
My wife and I decided to try this restaurant for the first time tonight for Happy Hour. We walked into the Restaurant at about 5 pm. When we walked in the hostess was not at her post but there were two gentlemen behind the station, talking, conversing and completely ignoring us even though they could clearly see that we were needing to be seated...not a great first impression. We had walk over to the bar to ask if someone could seat us and a nice gentlemen in a Chef's coat sat us in a nice outdoor patio. Our waiter came over without menus and asked us if we wanted Sangrias but really had no idea what was in the drink. We had to ask for menus. We then asked for water with a plate of lemons and he returns holding two small sticks by a paper towel with two small slices of lemon. Our food was decent but really lacked much taste or flavor. The best dish and one we liked was the Garlic/Wine Gulf Shrimp. The Calamari was sub par and the three sauces that came with it again had no taste. The rolls were cold, dry and tasted like day old bread from the sale rack at Frys. This restaurant is truly overpriced for this level of food and service. Our waiter was nice but not trained well by anyone's standards.  The atmosphere was pleasant but we are not planning on returning any day soon.
Our group tried the family plate which has good variety, and everything in it had good to excellent flavor.  The presentation was nice and all the meats were cooked appropriately.  The paella was skillfully prepared with great tasting perfectly cooked rice, authentic chorizo chunks, large pieces of shrimp and chicken all seasoned expertly in a great tasting sauce.  The Sangria had a fresh, satisfying taste, but we thought was exorbitantly priced, at $30 for a small pitcher.  As good as the food is, I'd have to say our meal was over priced, totaling more than $70 per person.  In this price level, I'd have to say there are much better options in the area, unless the group is dead-set on Spanish food.
disappointment and bad service on NYE 2012.

Set reservation for 9people... turned into 7 people total. Not within ones control sometimes.  Was not informed ahead of time that there was a selected menu for this night and pricing  per person was $70 not including gratuity or tip. 5 of us only ended up eating but the others spent money drinking ..... 
Our waiter was not only rude about the headcount change in the beginning but was also argumentive and was hardly to be seen the entire time we ate our 5 course meal.
Having to constantly flag down anyone to get a refill or any service.... and our waiter barely to be seen the entire duration.... our final bill was over $500... and we were charged 18% gratuity.... you would hope that your overall experience for the first time would be amazing and unforgettable..... but was not.

I would not ever go back nor would I not recommend this to any friends or other businesses.
We were excited to try this place and I really liked the idea of it more than I ended up actually enjoying it. The food was ok but nothing seemed to really stand out and it seemed to be somewhat high in price for what we got.

The service seemed pretty good but not any better than that. I am not jumping at the chance to go back but I may if the mood strikes me.
This place pleases me...regularly
This place is amazing. Real Spanish tapas, great sangria, and the paella is unbelievable. The owner is so nice and a little crazy lol but he treats you like family. To me you can't beat place.
I love this place with an undying passion! In fact, I am going there right now!
This is my first time writing a review so here goes; I will try to keep it short & to the point. 

Terrible, slow, service paired with auto-gratuity that isn't deserved (the menu says 18% for large parties but our server opted to give himself 20%..), the food is delivered family-style (even if you each order individually) and if you don't pay close attention to what you ordered you'll find yourself missing food that they simply never brought out to your table (until you repeatedly ask where it is and they finally bring it two hours after your reservation time).  On a positive note, everything we ordered was delicious, especially the crab stuffed peppers!

But because of the other factors that occurred I would simply never visit this place again, no matter how good the food was. Working at a restaurant myself it is hard for me to overlook these issues especially since the staff didn't seem to care when we were having issues & still charged us for the food that we had to BEG to get because it was taking so long.
We stopped in at Tapas Papa Frita after plans to go to another restaurant fell through.  The atmosphere was fun. There was a live entertainment, a band and dancer.  We ordered the chef's 9 plate tasting menu since we were not familiar with the restaurant.  Overall, the food was tasty and prepared well.  The beef in particular was very good.  Our server was really nice but did not check in very often and service was a little slow.  I do recommend trying out the tasting menu.  Oh, and the bread is phenomenal. I would give an extra half star for it if I could.
Amazing! The food is authentic, and very delicious. The service was impeccable and it is in a wonderful location in Downtown and right on the waterfront! I love this place and cannot wait to go back!!!
Went to Tapas Papa Frita with the family.  It was a busy Friday night, but easily reserved a 4 top via Open Table.  The restaurant is loud and very difficult to have a conversation especially with the kids.  The Flamenco dancers were great as the kids loved to watch them.  So for an authentic experience it was a nice place for the kids.

The Tapas were hit or miss for me.  Some had great flavor like the crab dish, but the calamari was bland as were the meatballs.   I ordered the Shrimp Diablo Paella an it was fantastic!!!   I would go back and have another Paella dish, but I won't be running back anytime soon.   Nice place, but no WOW factor.
We arrived late afternoon for happy hour.  Greeted by the owner, who put up with my middling Spanish and gave recommendations for upcoming trip to Spain/France.  Service was prompt, courteous, and attentive.  The restaurant is open and airy, with good views of the neighborhood.

Ordered off the regular and happy hour menu.  Options off both menus were excellent.  Sangrias were smooth and very tasty, not the usual bad wine stuffed with fruit.

We had the spicy potato cake (5 stars), saffron rice with chicken (5 stars), leek tart (5 stars), Tortilla de Patatas (4 stars), Crab-stuffed peppers (5 stars), and Lamb Chops (4 stars - a little underdone for our taste).

An excellent range of well-blended tastes, definitely a welcome taste of Spain.  We'll be back when we can!
I work at centurion restaurant in downtown Phoenix and had one of the servers from here come into my work. She was delightful and recommended I come try it out- what a recommendation it was! My girlfriend and I came here on a Monday evening during happy hour (which is 7 days a week) and sampled the entire tapas happy hour menu and had our fill of the red sangria as well. All of it was phenomenal! Once happy hour ended we were still hungry and decided to share the arrõs negre paella. This dish was truly authentic Spanish cuisine; calamari and prawns with blacks beans, rice, peas and doused black with squid ink. it looks intimidating but if you can get past the rich black color, the flavor is remarkable. Absolutely delish. We also both enjoyed a glass of wine recommended by our server Laura, who is from chihuahua, Mexico and has an accent that is as enticing as the food. She was very knowledgeable and provided wonderful service. It was obvious she was passionate about her work and providing a memorable experience. This is definitely my new favorite restaurant and will be back time and time again. My only issue is that I can't tell more people about it fast enough. Can't wait for my next visit!!
Amazing Tapas and Amazing Chef/Owner
Really good place the food and price are really good, try paella valenciana and sopa de mariscos
I am so glad I went to Tapas Papa Frita for happy hour last Friday! They have 2 dollar tapas (the crab salad tapa was amazing- I ordered two) and 2 dollars glasses of white or red sangria- the white was definitely more of my taste! The patio was beautiful and the service staff was amazing! I can't wait to go back again!
Beautiful setting. Ok food. Horribly slow service. Don't come here if you're hungry!
Delicious authentic tapas, incredible sangria, and mouth watering paella. The patio area is very intimate with a great ambiance, even if seated next to super obnoxious drunk tourists who pronounce tapas as "taay-puhs". 
This has been our go to for special occasions such as an anniversary or New Year's Eve. But it's also a great pick me up for a weekday when a craving for sangria strikes. Either way we get great service every time. It's definitely an experience, one that continues to surprise with something exciting or undiscovered every visit. Even the bread and garlic aioli is incredible. Gambas al ajillo is another favorite. I have a garlic addiction, what can I say?

As an AZ native, the thought of fancying up a canal and calling it the "waterfront" is hilarious. But the patio does have a really relaxing vibe next to the water and you can forget for a moment that a canal isn't terribly exciting.
During AZ Restaurant week some establishments do a great job of highlighting their menu and service-hey it's all about repeat business-so why wouldn't they want to impress you? Nonetheless there are always a few that give off the vibe they're just phoning it in-or perhaps this is their vibe all the time....Case in point Tapas Papa Frita had been on my husbands list to try for years. We were really excited to eat here. 

Decor: Gorgeous-the inside is dim and moody with dark wood and tile accents. The patio is very romantic under it's grape-lined pergola and beautiful shade trees.

Starters:  Watermelon ahi ceviche and crab-stuffed piquillo peppers. The watermelon was so crisp and fresh and complemented the ahi nicely.

Entrees: Braised salmon and seafood paella. My salmon was cooked wonderfully with a buttery-lemon sauce and came with a side of safron rice.  We know that "mixed" or valenciana paella is a combination of meat and seafood, but we both assumed the "seafood" paella, as it's listed on the menu, had just that-seafood. My husband even inquired if it had bacon or anything in it, to which our server informed us it had sausage but that he could get it without. She failed to mention it also had chicken....so we essentially ate our meals separately as he had to wait another 15-20 for a meat-free seafood paella.

Dessert: Churros & chocolate, and apple empanada. The churros were crispy and sugary with their delicious melted chocolate, and the apple empanada had a nice flaky crust. 

All the food was really delicious-even the corrected paella turned out to be wonderful. Where this restaurant lost my vote was service. They seemed off point on so many levels. We did have a conscientious busboy who kept us supplied with water, but everyone else: the hostess who didn't smile, our indifferent server, the food runners-no one seemed like they gave a crap. Wrong food brought to our table,and others, as we observed; Mixing up orders between my husband and I-which is no problem-but when they ask who had what, and we tell them, and they put it down the wrong way and walk away it says to the customer "I don't care". At one point when our starters came out I was reaching across the table for a piece of bread and the food runner didn't want to wait for me and tried to put my plate down on top of my arm. No joke. Perhaps because it was a prix fixe menu? We felt like no one was putting in any effort except the kitchen.

For a $$$ rated restaurant, they have to impress me with service as well as food, or it's not worth a return trip.
This was our second restaurant choice for AZ Restaurant week. for 40 bucks/person, we were able to pick from numerous tasty looking options for an app, an entree, and a dessert. this price also included either a red or white sangria. 

i assume the food was cooked to order since it took a while to get to our table, which i really appreciate. my stuffed pepper app was good, but for some reason, looked like it had been made about 30 minutes prior to me ordering it. for my dessert, i had the chocolate churro and it was decadently delicious. it came with 4 cinnamon and sugar coated churros and a small dipping cup of warm chocolate. an excellent, excellent dessert. 

my entree was good. they offered seafood paella and just to be safe, i asked our server if there was pork in it. she said yes and then said they could make it without pork. i guess i should've have asked if there was other meat in it as well, but i assumed she would think no pork might also mean no beef or chicken. the dish arrives and along with a scrumptious helping of seafood, was full of beef and/or chicken. she gladly took it back and brought out a new plate of paella with only seafood. by this time, i had eaten so much of the free bread, i was only able to eat about 1/4 of the dish. but yes, it was good.

the cons...the 3 stars wasn't necessarily for the food, but for what felt like a disorganization. we were approached by 2 food runners with the wrong plates, and noticed the same problem with the tables on either side of us. when my wife's dish was served, the server just sort of plopped the plate down on my wife's arm. i didn't care for the sangria...it tasted a little too much like hunch punch i use to make in high school. our main server was fine, not mean, not friendly, just kind of there. 

a cute little spot right on the canal in old town, but for the regular menu prices and lackluster service, i doubt we'll be back. btw, they did have a fabulous band and dancers later in the evening.
I always wanted to try this restaurant, so when it was available for restaurant week, we gave it a try.  I strongly have to agree with other recent reviewers that the service and management of this place needs a serious overhaul.  

Our service was very impersonal.  The hostess was indifferent when we arrived - barely acknowledging us when we walked into the door and struggling to even smile.  We came well before classic Scottsdale rush hour and the restaurant was not even 50% full.  

Our service was so slow.  Our waitress had very few tables and barely paid attention to us sometimes disappearing for 30-45 minutes at a time.  As an example, it took us 30 minutes for us to get our desert after they cleared our dinner plates.  She never offered coffee or after dinner drinks.  Our waitress disappeared during the whole time.    We had to ask a bus boy for help.  

Our food was average at best including very bland rice dishes and to have that at a Spanish restaurant!?! Come on.  Save your money and try somewhere else nearby.  This area definitely has better restaurants to offer.
What can I say about this place other than it was the absolute best dining experience my husband and I have had in a very very long time and if I could give 10 stars I would!

I happened to spot this place last week when walking around old town last weekend and it looked so lively and I love Spanish food so we made the trip last night. It was fairly busy when we arrived around 915pm and we were created my an older gentlemen in a t shirt and apron.. he was very welcoming and enthusiastic! He sat us on their lovely patio right where we had a perfect view of the flamenco dancers and live guitarist. 

Our waiter took quite a long time to greet us but the busser came out with menus and water. Then our waiter came and got our drink order but kept us waiting a long time. One thing about this place is service is slow and that's how they do it there so expect it. 

While we were waiting the older gentlemen came back to make sure we had ordered or been helped. We explained we hadn't put our order in yet, but was not a big deal since we were watching the show. He then introduced himself as Joseph the owner and head chef! Then the real experience started! He told us about his menu and everything sounded so good so we decided to let him order for us.

Everything was absolutely fantastic! We started with bread and garlic aoli, the garlic shrimp so delicious. As we were waiting Joseph was having a down to earth conversation with us telling us about his family, showing us his kids, telling us about spain and his life there. He was a real delight to speak with and was so humble. He was showing us his garden right next the patio where most of their ingredients from. He grows apples, figs, peppers, tomatos, cauliflower, pumpkin, squash, cilantro, basil, and a lot more stuff I can't remember. He uses no pesticides or chemicals. Now I was impressed and hadn't even eaten but one dish yet! 

Then the waiter started bringing out out the rest of the food, crab stuffed peppers, lamb chops, beef tenderloin, bacon wrapped goat cheese dates, manchego cheese, then paella which was to die for!  Everything was finger licking good! After we finished dinner Joseph came over again and brought us some dessert which was plaintains with pistachio ice cream smothered in liquor 43 which was so good, dessert shots on the house, and even had our wine taken off our bill. I thought this was so nice of him and was completely unexpected! 

In all this place is divine and we were made to feel like family which is above beyond most places. We will definitely be back and will bring our friends and family! This place is a gem and if your looking for an experience this is the place!
First time here and really didn't know what to expect. When the happy hour food came out the portion was very small but outstanding flavor and sauce. Dipping the bread in the sauce was so mouth watering. I just couldn't get enough. I had the rabbit which was very tender and the shrimp.
Came here for drinks before dinner since I heard about the Flamenco show...sit at the bar, order appetizers and just watch the performance (Fri and Sat 7-9 pm). Such a fun spot and I wish we stayed longer but we had dinner reservations elsewhere that I wanted to check out.  Spain in Scottsdale experience all the way!!!
I've been here twice now.  Once for happy hour where my girlfriend and I sat out on the patio and had wine along with an array of mouth watering tapas.  I remember the prices were so reasonable, we ended up ordering one of everything off the happy hour menu just to taste the tapas.  I think we were 95% happy with everything we tried.
Last night I met a friend of mine there to watch flamenco dancing which they have on a stage on Thurs, Fri, and Sat. nights.
I ordered a vodka and tonic and the bartender asked me as an afterthought if I wanted lime.  I said yes and he proceeded to bring me 3 in a glass cup.  But the limes looked old and dried up.  Small detail I know.  He shoulda thrown the lime slice in my drink then I would never have known!
Then I asked for olives which he proceeded to bring to me wrapped up in a cocktail napkin . . . for such a nice place, I think he could have brought it to me in a glass!
When the restaurant is nice, in a prime location, I expect the standards to be a little higher.  Tapas Papa Frita is not a dive bar!
The other thing I was disappointed with was the stage was set off to the side by the bar area so if you were there to have dinner and to watch the show, you really can't unless you are sitting by the bar area.  In relation to the main dining area, I would say the stage is tucked away in the upper right corner and the performers are performing directly facing the bar.
Nonetheless, I like Tapas Papa Frita and I would return again for the food, drinks, and atmosphere.
My brother is a huge fan of this place, so he's the one that introduced us here.  So far, we've been to this restaurant 2 times.. both for celebratory events (birthdays).

There are a ton of reviews, so I'm going to make it short and sweet:
- food not on the HH menu is expensive and, for what I've tasted (which was actually quite a lot of dishes), there were only a few that deserved that pricing (one I recall was the lamb chops)... and if I don't remember the food I had, it's cuz I didn't find it that memorable.
- it is super trendy and thus crowded and you *need* a reservation

This is NOT how I enjoyed having tapas in Spain... things were casual, affordable, simple but tasty, not pompous nor snobbish.  That is the kind of tapas place I would like to go to (and was expecting my first time here).

Short story: not really my kind of place... food wasn't memorable enough (nor was the ambiance enjoyable enough) for my taste.. wasn't worth the money we blew eating here... sorry, bro....
What a great time we had!  The food, the dancing!
We (myself, Fiance and father in-law to be) came here for late lunch/ happy hour. We were seated quickly but our server did not greet us for another ten minutes (we were wondering if we would get service at all). For the day and time we went, there were only a few people at the bar and another four-top in the place. The wine we ordered had been sitting wayyy too long, and the teas were so watered down I am sure we were actually drinking water. We ordered from the Tapas menu, a goat cheese filled portobello mushroom, garlic shrimp, and some beef skewers. We were are highly disappointed. I understand what tapas means (small), but boy oh boy was I shocked. I got one stuffed mushroom which was the size of my 4 year old nieces fist. The beef skewers were like rubber mats and to top everything off, the flavor was lacking! We ended our meal and left. Needless to say, I dont understand why there are so many positive reviews for this place, its clear there is some loyalty here- but we will not be returning. Sorry Tapas, Imma tap you out and go somewhere else!
Love this place. Yumi La Rosa and her group does beautiful artful flamenco on the small stage near the bar Friday and Saturday evenings. Not to be missed!!!
The tapas is always very good. The bartender suggested the seafood and I wasn't disappointed. A cool glass of Pino Grigio was perfect.
I used to work literally across the street, and still only came here maybe once or twice a year for happy hour. What they consider happy hour prices is much more expensive what I consider happy hour prices. However, the food is good, and the service is good. They even have a doggy area for people like me who like to take their dog with them. It is very expensive, but it is a nice treat.
It was my first time here and I LOVED it!  My husband has been one other time, but we will definitely returning.  The small plates are perfect, had lots of shrimp and I mean real size fresh shrimp.  Don't pass up the roasted potatoes with Serrano ham yum!  We also arrived before 6pm and I guess all the tapas are half off, score!
Great place to relax and enjoy their patio on a Thursday night. Local artisans and musicians set up on the bridge a few yards away. Great spot to enjoy the ambiance of Old Scottsdale.   Good tapas,  but the Valencia paella is authentic and wonderful. Loved it!
Best tapas anywhere in the valley and my current favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. The escalivalda is great. The goat cheese ball is to die for. Lovely patio and knowledgeable service.
I'm here now, this place is totally mediocre. And the dancing / music? That's not fun, just totally irritating. I'd give it 2 stars but a few of the dishes were quite good. Check please!!!
Way to over priced. Went for happy hour, and left not so happy with how much the drinks are. The whole place was also empty....I think I know why.
Delicious food and sangrias - definitely going back!
I had a great time for my b-day dinner there tonight.  Lots of selection for the food, and we tried a variety of tapas, main courses and desert, all of them are great !!! The staffs are friendly and the service is impeccable, got a little mix up on the desert and they comp'ed me a second one, with gift card!  Again, great good and top notch service!
The place is nice for a romantic dinning...but the food and prices are not that worth to go there again. Everything is over priced and the amount of food is like baby bite. I ordered 7 tapas for 2 people ($80 not includes drinks)...we are only 70% full...but lucky that we asked for addition order of "free breads". Use the bread dipped in the left over sauce on the plate, then we call it done for the day.

Stuffed squid: thumb size -room temperature - one piece - nothing taste specail
Crab Stuffed in peper: thumb size - two piece - room temperature- real crab meat but can't taste the fresh, and texture like mesh potato in pepper...
Escargots: a nickle size - about 8 pieces - it is hot - taste olive oil and garlic - it is alright - something can't eat everywhere
Lamb rack: 2 pieces, cooked medium well, tender, 3/16" thick, 1"x2" of meat, warm, - worth to order it
Ox tail: one medium size of ox tail (as big as 1 yrs old baby's hand), $8?? I believe it is pre-cooked, the outside is warm, the inside is less then room temperature, I really want to ask the waiter to take the ox tail, put in back to the microware to re-heat for another minutes..but the food just too small...just eat and swallow...(don't try to complain, the waiter always not around).
Potatos: $7 for 14 pieces of fries...totally not worth it....
Paella: One of the main reason to go to this restaurant, this is hot, and the taste is not disappointed. About 1.5 bowls of rice with all kinds of seafood....but i don't like that shrimps....not fresh... for 14 pieces of fries...totally not worth it....
Paella: One of the main reason to go to this restaurant, this is hot, and the taste is not disappointed. About 1.5 bowls of rice with all kinds of seafood....but i don't like that shrimps....not fresh...
Pitcher of sangria $36!? Extremely hard to understand the waiter while he explains the specials. Also, his recommendations were way off! $50 per person or the prix fix -paella and tapas. No thanks, I'll pay $20 for paella for the table and get individual tapas for each person. "Well the $20 paella usually serves just 1" he said. Well I'll be the judge of that. I order it, it comes, a huge skillet with rice, 5 shrimp, 6 mussels, 6 clams, chicken and sausage. ALL 4 of us couldn't finish it. Not an enriching experience. In my opinion.
My boyfriend and I were sooo unimpressed. The service was not top notch and it was overpriced (as many others have said), but that is not the reason for the bad review. The food simply was not good. The paella was completely unauthentic. It seemed like there was some sort of pre-made rice mix they used (with shriveled peas) and they just threw some seafood or meat in there. We took a couple of bites and couldn't bring ourselves to eat any more.My boyfriend even threw up after we got home. We were so excited that there was an authentic spanish restaurant in Arizona, but it was far from authentic. On the plus side,the tapas were better than the paella. I think that the best part of the meal BY FAR was the bread with some sort of garlic aioli dip. So, if you go here, stick with the bread and tapas and stay away from the main dishes.
This is a restaurant where the service tops the food. The owner was very polite, and informative. We order a variety to dishes to try. Shrimps, squid,rabbit, pork, and beef. But I believe the best dish was the lamb shank. It was fork tender and well marinated. Definitely come back.
Amazing food and service.  Eduardo was an exceptional waiter also Marcos the hostess/runner talked us into a wonderful evening. Great atmosphere we will definitely be back!! 
Love this place!! 
Thank you for a wonderful dinner. 
Lori Agresta.
This place is basically a good looking place at a great location that serve mediocre pricey food...not for me
II had high hopes for this place "Authentic Spanish Tapas and Cuisine are the highlight".   I will give them 2 stars for having good tapas although extremely pricey.  Beware that if they offer you 6 tapas for two for $25 they mean $25 per person.

Paella at this establishment is anything but authentic.  Their paella is made with long grain rice, not Arroz Bomba de Calasparra or Arroz Bomba de Valencia or any other variant - but long grain rice!  Why advertise yourself as authentic?  Paella is all about the rice and cooking technique.
we went a little overboard here but it was worth it. We ordered so many small plates because we wanted to try so many different things. I mainly stuck with the vegetable plates and the boyfriend went for the meats. I was over all pretty happy with everything i ordered.. the garbanzo bean spinach dip was my absolute favorite but besides that nothing really knocked my socks off. My boyfriend was very happy with his dishes so it was money well spent. Our server was very informational and super helpful and took great care of us. Small plates are the way to go if you're looking to share and get a diverse amount of dishes.

Live music.. pretty interior and exterior views.
Ok, "inexpensive" it is not.  But this restaurant is about taking a group for a celebratory evening, and it is stunning for that.  A gorgeous space, amazing live Flamenco or Latin music on the weekends, remarkable staff, a Chef Owner who loves interacting with his patrons and just makes a dining party fall in love with food -- and what glorious food!  After three visits and dozens of different tapas orders, I still am making discoveries.  Get five or more friends together, bring your appetites, and don't worry about the bill.  Heaven doesn't care about the cost.  A flawless place.
I'll have to back for the food.  
But if you are just looking for Flamenco, some libations in a urban casual atmosphere it is better at The Crescent Ballroom (6p-8pish) on Saturdays.  Not a compensated endorsement.  I love me some Flamenco and seek out places who have regular performances.  Watching it at TPF was difficult because sitting at the bar is really the only place to watch it on its small stage and you have to dodge the waitstaff as they come and go to serve the patrons on the patio. 

The night we were there there was a bachelorettte party in a large table to the right of the stage and it was really tacky to listen to them yelling "Shot....Shot...Shot" as the performance was occurring.  

I would have to go back to see how the food compares to what I enjoyed while in Spain.
Loved it.  Authentic tapas. Good wine. Great service.   If you want this type of experience , go for it.  It will not disappoint
Went here for a bday party.  All of the food was amazing!  We had six different Tapas and a huge pan of Paella and loved every bite!  They also had music and a flamenco dancing to add to the fun!
TAPAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Awesome food. The waiter was very helpful in picking authentic spanish food.  They also had live entertainment while we were there.
The food was so delicious! I didn't really know what a lot of it was but I enjoyed every bite. If you don't eat tapas a lot I'd Google some of this in advance so you know what to expect but it was all really good. We got four small plates which was awesome for two people. Very filling but not too much food. It was all kind of rich as well so don't go in expecting many low calorie options. The service was great and the flamenco was really cool for the atmosphere.
awesome tapas, had a great time on valentine's day. live music and food. you can't go wrong with that.
I have dined and gone to heaven!! Loved this place! We ate pretty much everything on the menu and everything was amazing. The lamb chops, crab stuffed peppers, papas, paella, I could go on but it's getting embarrassing were seriously delish! But even better than the food was the sangria! I wonder if there's crack in it because it was addicting. After about 4 pitchers I lost count on how many we ordered. Lol definitely recommend coming here. The location is awesome too!
Stopped in for Tapas and Drinks. Great location, lively atmosphere,TERRIBLE service. We heard our waiter complaining to the hostess that we were only 2 people for his 4 top table and he walked away from us. Took 15 mins to take our drink order. 
Ordered 4 plates, first 2 came out and were barely warm but the pork tenderloin was good with a lovely sauce but no bread.... That came 15 mins later after we asked our waiter and another server for it,  other server said they were waiting for it to come out of the oven and she would bring it as soon as it was done. Our waiter then brought us cold stale bread and then 2 mins later the server brought us the so called 'fresh out of the oven' bread which was cold and stale but she did offer to heat it up for us!
Our waiter didn't check on us to refresh drinks at all. He was also serving at the bar and we saw him carrying a trash can and then serving food to some other people! Yuk! He cleared our plates without asking if we had finished.
Overall a bad experience we will not be back. Would have ordered more if the sevice was good but didn't want to spend another penny in this place, won't be back!
I'm on a roll...3rd review in 3 days.
Good food, good service, I would go back. 
Ordered several small plates (passed on the special the waiter offered) and all were tasty. 
Garbanzo bean and spinach, sausage and red bean soup, tenderloin and portobello mushroom and feta cheese.
Don't understand the negative reviews. Food was great, service excellent and ambiance fantastic. A little pricey but well worth it. Our visitors loved this place.
IF YOU WANT TO LEAVE IN AN AMBULANCE: And end up in the ER all night (after fainting and going into convulsions) like both my other half and my friends wife did on Friday night, right after their meal...then go ahead and risk your entire weekend (and possibly life, depending on your age) by eating this terribly low quality, toxic, unsanitary, poisonous food...and enjoy the bill at full price with not a single item removed or even an simple I'm sorry from anyone in the restaurant. Worst experience ever! Ruined our birthday dinner and everyone's weekend. And both girls still don't feel right 5 days later...
Great selection of tapas including ox tails which is a rarity to find in this neck of the woods!
Servers are great, flamenco music and dance happens regularly and we found this to be a great night out.

Typically we steer away from scottsdale eateries over the weekend but this was a great night out, not overly packed, and the filet tapas were amazing.

Olives, not so much, and mushrooms were lame but everything else was fabulous
Absolutely the worst service!!

We weren't very hungry. We just wanted to share a Paella. She basically starts trying to force us to get a sampler. The up selling was ridiculous.

When our food came they came and dropped off all this food we did not order. 10 mins later the waitress came and we told her we didn't order it. She said yes we did and got pissed at us!!! Grabbed the food and finally came back with our paella 30 mins later.
Best tapas I've had west of Madrid.  Joseph, the Spanish chef/owner knows how to create an amazing experience, and the food matches the great ambiance.  If you're looking for tapas, or a great venue for a night out with friends, this is a can't-miss choice.  
I'm originally from San Francisco, which boasts a couple of world class tapas restaurants... Finding a restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale, on the Waterfront, that takes tapas to a whole different level was an unexpected surprise.  I'll be going back soon.
Love tapas papas! Great vibes, service and amazing food. Live music and dancing on the weekends. Fun place to bring big groups or go on a date night. Never have been disappointed by any of the tapas and the traditional paella was amazing. Must try the sangria and the beef tenderloin tapas, lamp chops are also a favorite. End the night with the amazing and creamy flan!
Great night based off previous Yelpers! We are out of towners looking for a great tapas place in the Scottsdale area and Tapas Papas Frita popped up. We got a great seat outside on the patio facing the common area which had a band and was great ambiance. Service was quick, friendly and authentic! We enjoyed some great tapas starters before sharing the signature paella..which was fantastic!! We washed it all down with some wonderful white wine sangria. Would definitely return if we could and maybe sit inside to enjoy the flamenco dancing and music.
Amazing place would def recommend. Food, service, and environment. Great place for a date or to just sit and enjoy true Spanish food.
The first time we visited this restaurant (September 2013) we weren't incredibly impressed.  The hostess was pleasant but our waitress wasn't the friendliest or most helpful.  We were seated inside and the band was playing.  The band was so loud our table couldn't carry on a decent conversation without feeling like we were yelling at each other.   Someone in our party asked for a recommendation and had some questions regarding a menu item.  The waitress  gave a brief description of the item and basically suggested "it's up to you" (most of the time when this question is asked, the wait staff usually answers with a "my favorite on the menu is....).  

At this point we'd had it with the yelling so we asked if a table outside was available.  Luckily, there was, so we moved outside.  It was a little better outside (noise-wise) and the patio has a nice vibe with the lighting and the waterway.

The food was mediocre....nothing special or memorable.

Our second visit was in April 2014.  We thought we'd give this place another chance so we went in for an after dinner drink.  Again, the hostess was pleasant and we asked to be seated outside since we knew it would be loud inside and the band was already playing.  We were seated at the same table as before.

Our waiter, Jorge P., was unbelievably rude from the start.  My girlfriend asked if the restaurant had any cocktail specialties.  In a tone that sounded like he was being put out, he basically pointed to the menu and rattled off the names of common cocktails on the menu.  When my girlfriend ordered a vodka (Stoli) and grapefruit, he SNAPPED, "This isn't a nightclub.....we don't carry Stoli !!".  He said "Grey Goose and grapefruit" (of course the most expensive vodka) in a "that's it--I'm ordering for you" tone.   When my husband ordered 2 white wines, he answered in an annoyed voice, "Why don't you make my life easier and just order the bottle?".   He tried to up-sell each one of us.

The only reason they got 2 stars was because the hostess was decent to us both times, the food was mediocre and the outside patio is nice.

We won't return to this restaurant or recommend it.
The bussers are better than the server and that says a lot considering there are only four tables seated in this joint. I am giving a two star because the sangria is awesome and only $2, however, the service is lacking. I'm fairly positive that my server is high. Plus who wears a limp Mohawk to work!!
The atmosphere at this restaurant is upbeat and the entertainment is great. The dessert and service however, left much to be be desired. We had a Cappuccino, Flan and Brazo Gitano. All three were incredibly mediocre. The flan was barely ok and the Brazo Gitano was extremely dry. Both had an overpowering alcohol/liqueur taste. But the service from our server was what left the worst taste of all. Incredibly rude and so aloof. Won't be coming back there again.
THE best tapas in the area! Definitely comparable to the real deal (I studied abroad in northern Spain so I always have a craving for tapas!) Order the croquetas and paella, to die for!
When the band is so loud that I can't talk to my friends it makes me think that this restaurant is not made for socialising. 

When the food is late and it doesn't taste at all good I wonder about what they see as restaurant quality service. 

When it is so hot inside it makes me think they don't care about the customers needs. 

When they have a $15 service charge on the bill after recognising poor service it makes me think they only want me their for my money and not my patronage. 

When I think of this restaurant it makes me think they are way behind all the other local restaurants.
Our service was ok but we had a bartender wait on us because the waiter in the section could not handle his tables. All the tables around us were complaining about not getting food or drinks. I think we lucked out. The food was ok. The paella was not good at all. It was salty and wet. Paella should be dry but this was more like wet rice.  I think they heat their paella up by putting it in a pan and then adding broth. Maybe that is the only way to keep up with the demand. Anyways it was not very good. Also the band playing made it impossible to sit inside. You could not hear the person next to you without screaming. That is why we chose outside. It does have a nice patio, but so do a lot of other restaurants nearby. That is why next time I will try somewhere else.
We had a really good time here tonight.  The Tapas were ALL excellent and the servers were very friendly. I would try the Crab Stuffed Peppers and the Muscles but everything was delicious.  The price was reasonable. It came to about 90 for 5 people. We didn't have beer or wine however.  They had live music on the patio and it was excellent.  I was very please with the whole experience and I am sure I will probably return when in that area again.  The only suggestion I would have is if you are sharing the Tapas make sure to ask for some extra utensils to cut them up and serve. We never asked but I am sure they would have brought them over if we had brought it up. The whole staff was great.
This restaurant has a Beautiful outdoor seating area! I ordered 3 tapas, Pollo Rebozado, patatas bravas, and the shrimp.    I was amazed at how delicious everything was. I thought the portions would be quite small but they are large enough to fill you up. Also, they bring you bread with this yummy white sauce. I ended up using that sauce on all the tapas as well.
I went with a group for Restaurant Week last Saturday during the Flamenco dancing. I made a reservation (group of 10) and I called and changed it a few times and they were very friendly and accommodating.

Most of us ordered from the Restaurant Week menu. They were really hesitant to give us a normal menu and it took several requests before they gave us one. 

I choice the Mahi Mahi dish. The tapas that came out before the meal were amazing. There was this goat cheese stuffed date with bacon that might actually be one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. There was also a pepper stuffed with crab that was amazing. The Mahi Mahi, unfortunately, was overcooked. It had a great date salsa on top though and the accompanying risotto was quite tasty. 

One of my friends had the Paella special and she let me try some. It was very, very good. Another friend had rabbit and it was dry and inedible.

I chose to go during the Flamenco dancing but I think that was a mistake. There was a singer and it was so incredibly loud we all had a headache by the end of the night and none of us could hear each other. It kind of put a damper on our evening. It would have been so much better if they had cranked the volume down a bit.

And last, but not least, the service. It took 3 hours to get through dinner. My friend with the overcooked rabbit didn't get his meal for almost 10 minutes after the rest of us got our food. Our server was visibly angry that I asked him to split the checks. One of my friends ordered a drink she never got.

So, three stars because some of it was amazing, some of it sucked. I'd like to try again on a weeknight when it's slow.,
Food was awesome.  Service was poor.  We went for restaurant week.  The crab stuffed peppers were very good.  The flamenco dancer was enjoyable to watch.  Our dessert never came.  I asked a busser to find the waiter and waited almost 1/2 a hour for him to even show up at our table.  I just asked for the bill which then I had to ask him to take the dessert off that we never got.  Waited again almost 10 minutes for him to come back with a corrected bill.  It really is too bad that the service is so lacking.  Probably won't go back just because of the very very poor service.
This must be the worst staffed restaurant in all of Arizona when it comes to service and customer service. The D in D-bag stands for disgusting!! I've had better service at a food cart on the street. This place should be ashamed of the poor service and lack of professional service. 

The food is decent, but all the best food tastes pale when the server is awful. 

It's like a really pretty girl who has the heart of stone. Beauty and taste are only skin deep and when it comes to food there are too many good choices to waste your time or money on this foul establishment. 

Seriously if you care about service and being treated well where you eat and spend your money do not ever support this business. They do no deserve our money or reservations.
Stayed with a cheese plate.  The malbec is nice.  The Alhambra beer was a hit.  Lamp chops were tasty.  Oxtail was wonderful.  Apple crisp excellent.  Nice evening.
My new favorite restaurant. Jorge, the bartender, is superb and our server Aaron was fantastic! The food was AMAZING! Everything we ordered was delicious. Bacon wrapped date had me speechless. Might have to fly to Scottsdale just for the food.
I love this place! I dined here last Saturday with my Boyfriend.  I always read Yelp to see what's good to eat at places and some of the reviews were bad in terms of service for this place.  I experienced the best service.  The hostess was friendly and we were running late for our reservation.  Our table was towards the back but had a perfect view for the live music and flamenco dancer. I unlike some reviews found the music and volume of music to be great.  It was like having a gourmet dinner at a concert.  
Our waiter Vincent was amazing!  He recommended the red sangria and the taste of Spain special for dinner.  The sangria was delicious and Vincent never let my cup stay empty.  The tour of Spain was really cool. My favorite small plate was the date wrapped in bacon. The paella was we ate which I think was the valencia or something.  It was very flavorful and I plan to go back and have it soon. 
The atmosphere, service and food are worth the dining price. If you're looking to catch up and chat with someone the music could be distracting...I would go here to be entertained and have your taste buds amazed.
great place, food and staff.  they offer 50% off till t he end of
summer.
I came here for the first time yesterday for the happy hour and I was genuinely impressed! We shared some tapas and sangria, which were all delicious. We stayed to watch the Spanish guitarists and the Flamenco dancer, Yumi, who is AMAZING! She is so talented and sweet! And yes, Flamenco dancing is loud so don't hold that against the restaurant. 

We had an amazing waiter named Vincent. Impeccable service; he gets 5 stars!! He did mention that he was newer to the restaurant, so (in regards to the previous comments about the poor service) it looks like they made some changes.
First time going to this restaurant...it was a mom/daughter date.  After looking at the menu, this was the place she picked and we are both glad she did.  We ordered off of both the regular menu and the Happy Hour menu.  Service was nice, if OVER attentive....if there was such a thing.  We ordered Machego cheese, white asparagus, mushrooms, mussels, ahi tuna and cauliflower/zucchini pie--all from the tapas menu.  We couldn't decide which one we liked best.  They were all out extremely quickly, and everything was piping hot or nice and chilled.  The only complaints I had was that we didn't get enough bread to sop up all of the flavorful juices from our dishes....and they took away our plates so fast that we wouldn't have had the chance even if we had bread!  It was like they had a rule of 'no empty dishes' on the table....

When I asked one of the bussers what his favorite dish was he looked at the server for confirmation that he was allowed to answer my questions.  I don't know if he didn't speak English well, if he didn't have a script memorized or what, but it was an uncomfortable moment.  

I can see how this place would get crazy loud, especially if they have a show.  I'm glad we went on a dead Wednesday night--and I do mean DEAD...we were one of three tables occupied and two bar stools occupied.  I hope they get more business soon, since it is a fabulous place.
Had the most amazing experience here today! We truly felt at home with Caramelo, the hostess, and Aaron, the bartender! What a warm feeling this restaurant exudes! Extremely clean establishment. Drinks professionally made and delightful food experience. After this experience, we hope to remember, more fully, our appreciation for outstanding service. 

Thank you..........we will return soon! Love this place!!! 

M & C
This place is amazing. We came here for a friend's birthday not know what to expect it was AMAZING .  The owner came to out table and greated us out service was on point I would recommend this place to anyone
Went here for the first time for a friends' birthday party. We ordered two tapas: 1. garlic and shrimp and 2. oxtail. We also ordered 'De Pollo' Paella. The food was amazing (I'm writing this as I'm eating leftover Paella). The service was fantastic and the live Flamenco music really set a fun tone for the party. I hear there are live Flamenco dancers there too on certain nights. Would highly recommend. It will be one of our regular places. Not often I give perfect stars, but this place is deserving.
This place has the slowest service ever. I can't actually review on many plates because we saw our server maybe 2x. We couldn't even get the check from him and had to rely on the hostess and a bus girl to help get us the check, take our credit
Card and return it to us so we could sign it.   We had the tuna, lamb, asparagus and we would rate them all as ok. They could've used a drink to wash them down with.
One of the best meals I've had ... with the *worst* service. Quite possible in my life. (Attributed to the rudeness factor of Dino, our perpetually annoyed server.)

This is a beautiful restaurant, with sky high ceilings, offering dignified dining in Old Town Scottsdale. The patio space reminded me of a street in Europe. The food is exquisite. 

In a heat beat I'd recommend every morsel that touched my lips.
- Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic and white wine) 
- Pimiento Piquillo con Centollo (peppers stuffed with crab) 
- Patatas Aioli Verde (potatoes, cilantro, ham)
- Pastel a la Porrusalda (leek tarte) 
- Boquerones (anchovies in garlic)

I was "eh" on the flan. (Very eggy. Too much air involved.)

I had been very curious to sample the fare as this place is across from The Herb Box. With International Supper Club UYE here I gleefully perfused the menu. (Thank you very much for organizing Ursula!)

I'll probably never visit this restaurant again. EVEN THOUGH the food was spectacular. EVEN THOUGH the decor was wonderful. EVEN THOUGH they have live flamenco music and a happy hour.

Note: They would prefer if the check wasn't split. (Even for parties of five.) Come prepared to share wine menus. There appears to be an inexplicable shortage of these.
Yet another welcome addition to the Downtown Las Vegas dining scene. This little Salvadoran place serves plenty of dishes cafeteria style. I have not tried any of that yet. It's all about the papusas so far. Outer bread cooked just right soft in the middle, a little crisp on the edge, the filling is so fine it almost melts in your mouth. I have tried the pork, and chicken, both are excellent. Then there is the curtido, a lightly fermented slaw to top off your papusa...this stuff comes straight from the heavens. A complex mix of flavors from slightly spicy to mild flavors all in one explosive bite. They bring you large containers of the stuff to your table that you just pull as you need. Minimal English is spoken here which is part of the charm, the staff is very willing to work the gringos (a little bad Spanish from me and a little bad English from them gets the job done), and the service is genuinely friendly. A clean atmosphere and "patio" seating make this place a winner. Oh, 2 papusas=$3.25 Whoa! Nellie, fill your belly.
I continue to think this place is a winner for cheap eats. The more I am there, the more I likey. Additional observations I have noticed during previous visits include this place looking VERY clean. Let's face it, there are plenty of restaurateurs from other countries that have not really grasped the concept of good hygiene and cleanliness when it comes to daily food operations. This place almost sparkles...restrooms included. It looks like they have made an attempt to also clean up the exterior of their little slice of downtown heaven....grass has been planted, little peonies planted around a palm tree, white picket fence with additional landscaping planted that frame the patio dining area, all of these little touches make for a feel of an owner really trying to make a difference in our part of the hood. The papusas continue to rock the house! I have tried some of their other cafeteria style offerings. I am digging the fried plantains, not really that sweet, served with a sour cream that perfectly compliments the tains. Others I have been here with have freaked on how good they are. There is also some kind of chicken soup that has a soulful flavorful broth. Broiled (?) chicken pretty good too. Generally speaking I am not a beans and rice kind of guy, so I'm not a fan there, but that is certainly a personal preference, not a slam of their offerings in that arena. People familiar with this area are full aware of the abundance of degenerate types that lumber through the area. These owners don't put with any bullshit from these folks. On 2 occasions I have seen them personally remove drifters from their premises. They do it quietly and with dignity to those being 86'd. Bravo on both fronts. Also some fairly decent Latin tunes being played on the flat screen. My least favorite thing about Amanecer is that it is 7-11 bright, they could remove about every other florescent bulb in the place as far as I'm concerned. This place is yet another little gem emerging on the downtown scene.
For the win! I was wondering, aimlessly you might say, in the general direction of downtown from the strip when, hungry for something other than a $5.99 "prime rib special," I found Amanecer Salvadoreno.

I had never had Salvadorian food. Clearly, that was a mistake on my part, because everything I had at Amanecer Salvadoreno was amazing.

Salty pulled pork with eggs, fried plantains, pupusa, fried corn things, all washed down with a tasty Salvadorian soda? Ahhh... I'm still not clear on exactly I had is called because of the language barrier, but that's all part of the adventure.
I sure hope you can speak Spanish when you go to this place!  Damn the gringo for trying to order in English!  Luckily, I'm a fat kid and I know the spanish words for food so I was able to make it out with my pork n cheese pupusas.  They were pretty good.  I want to try some other stuff on the menu...I guess it'll be like russian roulette..(.er salvadorean roulette?) since there isnt an actual menu...just pics of about 6 things with no explanation of what's in it!
I moved to Vegas from California where the best salvadorian restaurants would be.when I moved to Las Vegas and it was hard to find a good place to eat delicious salvadorian food.when I stumbled across this place u fell in LOVE!.Its by far one of the best I've eaten at.I recommend this place to anyone who loves central american food.good variety of food and I fell in love with the pupusas.one word to describe is YUMMY:)
In a town full of fakes . . . Paris, New York, Egyptians, Romans, Elvi (plural for Elvis?), breasts . . . finally something authentic.  I mean right down the middle of the fucking plate authentic . . . Welcome to Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . situated in a little strip mall in a part of downtown Las Vegas filled with Salvadoreno business . . . the restaurant, a health food store, a market and a beauty salon . . . clean.  Forget about your English here as, well it is not spoken here . . . and don't go there asshole . . . within the boundaries of every non-English speaking immigrant neighborhoods you always hear the language of their country of origin.  The cleanliness of the entire strip center speaks to the pride that they are here forging a new life.  But hey, I am here to tell you about the food.  Well, I love it so much that I have eaten there 2 days in a row for lunch.  fried yucca, rice &  black beans, a rocking slightly fermented cole slaw, kimchee light so to speak, chicherones, and PUPUSAS . . . yeah that is right PUPUSAS . . . a hybrid between quesedillas and empanadas filled on this day with either a pulverized black bean filling or shredded chicherones . . . OMG . . . I only ate here and the VooDoo restaurant at the Rio  and let me tell you this . . . my lunches at Amanecer Salvadoreno averaged $6.00 over the 2 days including a drink while my dinner at the VooDoo Steakhouse, read my review of that experience,  ran me $90 including tip and guess which meal was more satisfying . . . come on say it . . . Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . I know and even though I communicated with my Portuguese corrupted Spanish even the service was more genuine at Amanecer . . . no shit . . . no bullshit . . . they just wanted me to enjoy the meal.  What it lacked in view, contrived coolness and arrogance when compared to much of the other offerings in Las Vegas it more than makes up for with just authentic flavors true to its heritage delivered in a clean oasis in downtown Las Vegas with a smile by people that care more for being authentic and that you enjoy.  

Please set aside your fears, just try to communicate in any manner you can and enjoy an authentic experience filled with flavor and value.  

Gracias ,mis amigos de Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . See you next week . . . a few times . . . I will bring my new friends to experience your world.
Thanks Yelpers!

Made a trip to Amanecer on a Saturday morning.  There aren't menus.  Just pictures of five or six food items.  I forget.

I walked up to the cash register, the cute girl asked ?Como estas?
All I had was "no habla Espanol" and a gesture in the general direction of the pupusa picture.  "Dos pupusas, por favor."

The pupusas were fabulous.  Just fabulous.  Not so sure about the plastic jug of fermented carrots and other assorted vegetables.  I ate a couple of tongfulls anyway.  When in Rome.

The cute girl refilled my soda and checked on me periodically, even though I pretty much snarfed the pupusas.

Everyone was very friendly.  Even the patrons smiled at me and said, "Good day, sir!"  I fired back with a "Buenos dias, senor/senora"

Would be five stars if they had menus.  In fairness, maybe I just didn't know how to ask for a menu.  .
Everybody should try a pupusa at least once in their life!  How can I best describe one?  Well how about you think of a fat tortilla filled with stuffing?  That should give you the mental image in your head.  Generally I order them from Las Pupusas on the north side of town but when I heard about Amanecer (to wake up) in my ongoing quest to try every restaurant for lunch downtown, I figured it was a no brainer I'd come for the pupusas and boy did I make the right choice!

This is a rather small place with an atmosphere that doesn't really stand out.  I asked what type of pupusas they had and they had the standards; cheese, beans, chicharron (pork), or revuelto (mixed, your choice).  I had the cheese and cheese/chicharron mix.  I also ordered horchata to drink although it's completely different from the Mexican horchata you would typically find at say Cardenas.  For some it may be better since it's not as rich.  

The pupusas themselves were delicious, just make sure to put the cabbage and the tomato sauce on top as they definitely add to the flavor (like a taco!).  Also two pupusas is a good enough size for a meal.  This place feels and tastes authentic to me so that's always a huge plus.  I talked with the staff in Spanish, but they seem to be fine in regards to English as well.  In the future I may try out their other menu items but really when a pupusa is available why would you?

Oh yeah, and they do have $0.99 pupusas on Tuesdays!
Great pupusas and you can order one plate and easily share with your buddy!   Flavorful,fresh, and owned and run by delightful people.   True, it is in an area that is not. In the tour books but really good home.cooking takes it!   We stopped in four times during this visit to Sin City and found a welcome respite from all of the neon and glitz.
Terrible experience, their restaurant was so dirty, that I felt a bit discussed to eat there. their floor was almost black, their table super dirty and  yeap.. I even got a hair on my food... they do offer an extend menu, but truly the entire place looks like the have a very poor hygiene.  their stuff was not very friendly and their whole ordering system was a bit disorganized.
Small restaurant located on the outside skirts of Las Vegas. Map quest it for directions, a few minutes away. Authentic Salvadorian food that will not hurt your wallet. Really good tamales and fresh water. Yelp says it's closed on Sundays but you will be surprised to find it open. :)
Almost next door to Viva Las Arepas and Art of Flavors, Amanecer Salvadoreno is worth a try!

Started off with the Platano ($2.95) aka Fried plantains. Delicious! Sugary sweet with the caramelized outsides.  If you have had this dish before, you know exactly what to expect :)

I ordered two Pupusas ($1.75ea). Filled with Pork, beans & cheese. These were good but even better with the cabbage/coleslaw & hot sauce on top!  Like a stuffed fluffy tortilla of sorts.

And of course, I had to try the Yuca Frita O Cocida ($6.95). I LOVE Yuca frita and this was an excellent version. Their chicharon was a bit on the dry end...wish it was fresher/juicier.  I still think you will enjoy this!

I am sure I will be back again :)
I'm a complete pupusa-holic! I've tried out many different restaurants around town, some are great, others are "meh". 

As I've said before, I work downtown and I always make it my mission to visit the small, hole in the wall restaurants. Now, the restaurant itself is in a sketchy neighborhood right across the street from the Jack In The Box, but don't let that deter you.

I called and placed an order on the phone for pick up since I didn't want to wait too long. The person who took my order over the phone was very friendly and courteous. Note: I did order in Spanish, and I'm actually not sure if they are fluent in English. I ordered two pupusas revueltas (cheese, pork, beans) for $1.75 each, cheap eats! 

I got  to the restaurant and I was in and out withing 5 minutes, it was 10 past 12 and it was pretty busy so I'm glad I placed my order over the phone. I drove back to the office and opened up my box of goodness. The pupusas looked so perfect and tasted heavenly! They did include curtido (cabbage/carrots/oregano /vinegar) and the salsa. A lot of places tend to make the curtido a bit overpowering and the salsa too watery, but not here. Both were equally perfect! I will be back to try their platanos and yuca frita.
The term 'hidden gem' is so terribly overused and so often misused, but in this case it is actually completely true! Around the corner from The Cameo, in what used to be Coconut Grove (how sadly missed), this new restaurant is a totally fantastic find. 

A Spanish, South African and Venezuelan mix of tradition, character and really fine food. I don't believe there is anywhere else in Edinburgh, perhaps the UK with this kind of combination. We tried a whole host of items from the tapas menu, including fresh grilled 'sardinas' (tasted just like they did on the beach in Spain), Manchego cheese, Spanish omelette, a pork stew dish, and the most gorgeous molten-centered-chocolate-heaven-on-a-plate that I've ever had!

I called quite late on a Friday afternoon but got a table for later that evening, I believe the last one. Service is friendly, fun and welcoming, we were served by the South African man of the trio. 

The dishes are really very reasonably priced and beautifully presented and it's casual, relaxed and authentic. 

The best new restaurant in Edinburgh and currently sailing up the Tripadvisor charts too. Go try it!
Dear Indaba, 

You are awesome! Having gone round that various tapas offerings in Edinburgh and found them to be an array of mediocrity you were a pleasant and very welcomed surprise. 

There on a Monday night with a large group i had rather anticipated being the only people in the place but in actual fact this little gem was a hive of activity. 

Looking through the menu there was a bit of everything really, all of your Spanish classics with some less familiar dishes from South America and South Africa. 

Upon ordering was my only disappointment of the evening, seared tuna fillet with soy dip had taken the eye of a few of us but was sadly not available. A quick glance back to the menu and sea bass was now on order. with the other diners we covered a good chunk of the menu, you have to love the social aspect of tapas dining 

To the food: 
Chicken strips with mango and black eyed beans - beautiful little dish, the beans have unbelievable flavour, with soft chicken it was delicious. The mango is cooked down with the beans a leaves a subtle sweetness. 

Sea bass: cooked to perfection and really fresh - would have liked the lime/giners dressing to be a little stronger 

Haggis Murciana - stunning! Try it! That is all! 

South African Sausage & Brits - either alone is ok - together it works beautifully - typically strong flavours. 

Patatas Bravas - lovely soft new potato with a tomato chili sauce has lovely flavour - would have liked the potato to be a bit crispier. 

Courgette & feta - simple and tasty!! 

Pork Ribs - great flavour - tasty marinade winner!! 

I think I must have tried 2/3 other dish from wound the table but these are the ones that I can 12 hours later remember. One of the great things about this place is the fact fact the food comes out as its ready. Not 25 dishes at once but staggered over 20/30 minutes. This tells me that the food is made to order from scratch which makes me happy.

Onto desert, this is the point were small places like this often fall down. they often tend to offer up a poor range of bought in cakes which aren't up to much. NOT HERE. 

I shared with another diner a trio - great thing here is you chose your trio from the menu. We went with Crying Cake, Almond Cake and Cappuccino cake. 

Cappuccino cake was soft tasty and the icing was ace, really good taste. The almond cake was soft sweet and as Aidan said a must for a marzipan fan. 

Crying cake.........WINNER. Basically a small small chocolate fondant - the outer cake was just a little crispy then soft inside and full of molten chocolate. It was perfect!! I have had smiller dishes in other restaurant and this knocks them all for 6. i was also lucky enough to try a little of the rhubarb and ginger sorbet from across the table - again it was incredible. 

This enterprise created by a Spaniard, a South African and a South American is fantastic, they have gone to the heart of what tapas should be, simple dishes done with great ingredients, cooked to perfection! 

My hat goes off to them and I will be back very soon!! 

Jd = ooooober Happy Man!!
Little plates, they're only little plates which surely means I can only eat a little amount. Right? Right?! So Katya assured me after my fifth helping from one of the many little plates on our large table of 11.

But really, I didn't care how much I'd eaten or how bad (read: gooooood) that might be. I was already in my little state of 'food ecstacy' as Kerrin R described it. Why? Let me enlighten. 

Tapas are, delightfully, little plates of food. This means you can order 2 - 3 plates per person, which means more variety. When you go along with 10 other yelpers this means that at least 25 little plates are ordered, all of which are passed around, which results in a LOT more variety.

Jurgen D and I did some tactical ordering and went for the:
- lamb with apricot (daily special)
- sea bass with lime and ginger (daily special)
- chicken with black beans and mango (daily special)
- haggis with spinach and pine nuts
- mixed grilled vegetables

I also happened to sample many other things passed around, up and down the table including:
- garlic and chilli prawns
- courgette wrapped feta (daily special)
- pork ribs in chilli and honey
- the goats cheese with onion marmalade
- another type of pork, this time fried
- the beef sausage 
- grilled haloumi

Oh my, I think I'm forgetting some too. As Jurgen and Aidan have said below me, the restauarant is whilst mainly Spanish in its style, a mix of Venezulaen and South African too. The only thing that would have helped was outlining what on the menu heralded from which cusine, but in the end it didn't matter as it was all superb.

My favourites were definitely the haggis and lamb, oh and the pork. The haggis was the best I've had in Edinburgh so far - in a Spanish restaurant. It was so moist, not dried out and crusty as it often can be. And mixed up with the spinach and pine nuts - wow, flavours I've never experienced before. The lamb was a really generous serving for a small tapas plate - two large skewers. Cooked so it was still pink in the middle and the apricots were lovely. The goats cheese was epic, a whole block of goats cheese which we all sampled and agreed was creamy goodness.

Oh but yes, there were also desserts. With such offerings as 'crying chocolate pudding', 'almond cake' and 'cappucino cake' it was to our delight they had the 'trio of desserts' option. For only £6.95 you got a slightly smaller version of three of the desserts - fantastic value. The almond cake was so moist, although for me a little bland but then I'm not the biggest almond person. The crying chocolate cake was the opposite - rich and dark and brooding. I think it's called crying cake as it almost made me cry tears of joy. And the capuccino cake was lovely and tart and not overly sweet.

But the winner hands down was the rhubarb and ginger sorbet. It was just...so...rhubarby!! Seriously. The most rhubarby flavoured rhubarb thing (apart from actual rhubarb) that I've tasted. So refreshing and brilliant to cleanse the palate.

This place is an absolutely fantastic find. It has that real neighbourhood hidden gem vibe to it, one that you'd be delighted to stumble up on by accident. As Jurgen said, despite being a Monday night it was almost full by people in the know. 

Huge props to the staff as well. I booked the table for 11 at 5pm that night, and despite being full they accomodated us without any fuss. The staff also all tried really hard, and the front of house / owner was really helpful and genuinely nice.

Oh and another favourite - the coneryor belt effect of food. Just when you'd finished one, another came, and so on and so forth. As Aidan has said, this was great as it meant it didn't all come at once and go cold. I could get used to all these many, many, many small plates of food...!
Indaba is a nice alternative to meal offerings in Edinburgh, in my limited knowledge, I don't know any other establishment offering South African, Venezuelan and tapas! I'll definitely return, to try more of their offerings, although I wasn't super wowed the first time. 

Large groups worked in this case - loads of plates were ordered but being the only veggie, I did manage to scoff two on my own. Sorry peeps - but there was plenty of meat being shared around! I tried out an arepa with aubergine, feta and caramelised olives. The corn patty arepa was much thicker and glutinous than I expected, and the flavours of the filling didn't really stand up in competition, so overall, it felt a little bland. It's an odd dish, and due to the heaviness, size definitely didn't matter, and filled me up amazingly quickly. Patatas bravas - potatoes were not fried, which I didn't expect but the sauce was delicious. Patatas con aioli were my favourite - I think it is the crispiness of the potato matched with thick garlicky mayonnaise just works for me. The fallen tower of aubergine, mozzarella and tomato just really didn't carry much flavour - it looked fantastic though. 

I should give special mention to the bread given to us at the beginning - rosemary home made bread - oh, so very delicious. 

So, what I have concluded is that I just need to eat more of the dishes on offer here - especially the fish, and explore other options on the vegetarian menu to see what else Indaba offers before I fully make my mind up. You still bring a smile to my heart!
Om. Nom nom. Om nom nom nom.

This was basically the sound 'round the table of a dozen Yelpers one Monday evening, chowing down gleefully on a vast assortment of small plates. Lest the concept of 'small plates' puts in your mind a vision of a miniscule apertif consisting mostly of two bites, fear not - Indaba's tapas (say that ten times fast) are large enough that you can pass your plate around the table and still have enough mouthfuls to fully appreciate the beauty of the food. 

I ordered the gambas mixtas (garlic and chili prawns, enormous, juicy and butterflied beautifully) and courgette-wrapped feta, delicately flavored. I also snuck bites of the haggis (truly incredible, and in a Spanish restaurant of all places), the steak, pork ribs and baked goats cheese. They were all spot-on. Wonderfully enough, the food didn't come out all at once, but in well-paced succession so that you never had to fear - the next tasty bite was just around the corner and nothing had time to get cold. The service was friendly and perfectly accommodating to a large party. All that, and reasonably priced (and good) house wine makes Indaba a favorite.
I would love to be able to give this place a positive review for its food, but unfortunately since I never got to try it, I won't be able to. 

Indaba really let me down in the simplest of ways. I called on a Wednesday evening to make a reservation for the upcoming Saturday. I made sure to repeat my request for a table for 8 people, at 8pm on Saturday evening several times to ensure that the lady I was speaking to got it right. 

Imagine my surprise when I turned up at 8pm with 8 people on Saturday night and there was no table for us! The host and hostess initially felt quite strongly that we were responsible for the miscommunication over the table booking, despite the fact that in the booking book, the lady had got not only the date for the reservation wrong, but my name, my phone number, and the amount of people my table was for! I was really disappointed as I think it's pretty fundamental that a restaurant should be able to take a booking over the telephone correctly - but they hadn't got one single part of it right!

Customer service is such an important way of building up and maintaining a loyal customer base, and had the owners of this restaurant managed to overcome their error in a suitable way, they may still have salvaged their reputation with myself and my group of friends, however, everything about this experience was quite unpleasant and it really makes me reluctant to give this place a second chance, which is shame as I was really looking forward to trying it. 

Not only did Indaba lose out on a big booking on Saturday night, but they also have lost out on our future custom, and the future custom of family and friends, who are keen to take all recommendations I can give them for good places to eat in Edinburgh. Shame.
Best Tortilla I've had outside of spain, hands down. Definitely the most authentico spanish meal I've had since 2008 (when I was IN Spain!) and you all really have no idea how much this pleases me. 
My parents are in town visiting, so this is where I decided to take them for their first scottish meal. Not very scottish, I know... But it was definitely a very good first impression of the Edinburgh food scene for them! We ordered a full spread of chorizo, tortilla, patatas bravas, the works! Everything was great, and the owner is a really lovely guy. 
Because they are little plates, it's very easy to run your bill up quite a bit, so bear that in mind before you order the whole menu, like we did! 
I'll definitely be back again!
While in Edinburgh for business, two of my compatriots dined at Indaba based on a tour guide's suggestion for something off the beaten path near our hotel.  Indaba did not disappoint!  From the excellent pairing of wines with our tapas, we got 6 tapas for 3 people and then had room for dessert.  While all the tapas were excellent, the one we cannot stop talking about is the goat cheese, with caramelized onions and drizzled with balsamic vinegar.  Amazing.  Seriously.  We ate it with a spoon, scraping the plate when we were finished.  Ridiculously delicious!  And the trio of desserts--that crying cake was incredible.  It was so good, it is nearly worth another jump across the pond just for dinner.  Definitely make reservations--we walked in for a _very_ early dinner on our last night without them, and almost didn't get to enjoy Indaba--all tables were reserved!  Luckily, they squeezed us into a table and we could not have been more grateful.  If you are a local, or in to Edinburgh for business or pleasure, go here!
Stopped off for a bite before going to the Cameo for a show.  Excellent food and fantastic service!
Friendly staff and a nice refreshing spin on Tapas. I had mixed meat balls and a Haggis, pine nuts and spinach creation served with bread and olive oil & balsamic.
The meat balls were a little under seasoned to my taste, but easily fixed, the Haggis was very nice.
Recommended, I'd come again but consider booking because I was quite early and there were a lot of apparently reserved tables.
Talk about hiding your light under a bushel! 

This little cafe-style restaurant is tucked away in a little side-street in shabby Tollcross. Have faith, though, because this place is stellar. Indaba is very casual cafe-style inside with loads to look at - from the light fittings to the iguanas on the wall. 

The food is seriously good. The three owners are influenced by their countries of origin - South African, Spanish, Venezuelean - and have adapted their dishes by incorporating Scottish ingredients. I have never had haggis with spinach and pine nuts before, but I'll happily re-visit Indaba to have it again. The ribs are just divine. 

These are generous tapas portions, so that if you order 2 or 3 each, you'll end up - as we did - with a fabulously varied feast on the table before you. Each dish different, expertly cooked, and with the flavours perfectly balanced. 

It's not often I find myself quitely obsessing about a restaurant, but I certainly do with Indaba, and can't wait for another visit.
Now, we're talking.  This place is a real hidden gem.  Doesn't look like much from the outside and I certainly have passed it many times without even noticing it was there.
Anyway I'd been reading about it and I'd also been told about the place by the local wine merchant, so hey ho, here we are, booking a table.
Warm welcome, wide selection of tapas on the menu and quite a few specials too.  Good selection of drinks.  
We ordered olives for aperitif, with a half of Estralla.  They were delicious.  I am an olive addict and there were the best olives I've had in quite a while.   
For the three of us, we were advised to order 7 tapas.  So we got a mix of meat, fish and veggie tapas.  
The service was quick and excellent, the food delicious. We also opted for the trio of desserts to share, which was completely unnecessary as we were stuffed, but soooo good.  I am a huge fan of sorbet and I cannot recommend the sorbet enough.
The food is a selection of Spanish, South American and South African tapas, so you can really do a round-the-world tasting.
Last but not least, not only it was a great experience, but it also didn't break the bank.
Keep the good work Indaba, we will visit again.  Soon.
I really liked this quirky little restaurant. I will make it known right now that I'm not a fan of tapas (what's with all these tiny little dishes and I have to eat wee scoops of six vastly different foods that don't really work with each other and argh, someone's eating most of the one I like the best and now I'm too polite to grab the rest and I've been left with the duff dish and THIS ISN'T WORKING). 

The bloke isn't a fan of tapas either, for similar reasons to me. But we both toddled along to Indaba due to all the good reviews on Yelp. It's a fusion of Spanish and South African food, so already a bit quirky and odd, and there's this guy who I think is the owner and he's quirky and odd too. So it's all quite unusual in its presentation. 

The restaurant is always packed. You need to book in advance for this place. The windows are sweaty and there are strange paintings and ornaments throughout. But my, the food is gooooooood. 

Even with the tapas theme, my other half and I chowed down to a range of dishes and each and every one was delicious. I will definitely be back here. It's odd, unusual, a strange fusion of foods coupled with the fact that it's one of those little hideaway places means it deserves its reputation.
I have been to Indaba on three occasions and been overwhelmed each time. The fusion of South African and South American served tapas style is fantastic. Great sharing if there are a few of you, I have tried most of the menu and love it. You have to get the plantain sandwich
I am officially obsessed with this place! It's small, so booking in advance on a weekend is probably a good idea. 

We shared an array of tapas. Some were tapas del dia (of the day) like the sea bass and the cazuela de chorizo which was chorizo cooked in a red wine reduction. The croquetas de zetas were also special for that day. These aren't your regular croquettes by any means, they are much bigger than typical Spanish croquetas, but they are just as delicious! Very nice crunchy exterior with a creamy savoury light bechamel with minced mushrooms. Officially in love. We also loved the torre de queso, the caramelised onion sauce was a perfect match for the mildly tangy goats cheese, absolute heaven. Also loved the South American inspired arepa! The only tapa that was a let down in my opinion were the patatas bravas. I love patata bravas and always give them a go when they are on the menu. These papas tasted oddly baked/flame grilled, not the typical crispy exterior you usually expect from papas bravas. These potatoes seemed to be better called papas arrugadas, which is a very tasty dish from the Canary Islands with a spicy sauce too, slightly different but just a tasty. 

I wouldn't order the papas bravas again but would happily order all the other dishes I've already mentioned as well as any other tasty ones from the menu. Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying some new delicious tapas.
This is a small restaurant around the corner from the King's Theatre and is well worth finding if you're in the area.  I've been twice now and haven't found a single thing on the menu that didn't taste great.  It's tapas but with a South African influence.  

The staff are really great - they will explain stuff off the menu in as much detail as you need and they're really chatty and friendly and they'll keep your glass of water topped up all evening - something I really like.  The whole place has a lovely relaxed vibe.  The prices are pretty reasonable - for three of us sharing 8 dishes (3 of them off the specials menu which can be a bit more expensive) and a bottle of wine, it came to under £60.  

The menu is a great variety of veggie, meaty and fishy options and there is plenty for every palate.  The haggis with spinach and pine nuts was lovely - I like haggis but would never have thought of serving it like that.  And the nicest chorizo, done in cider and onions.  You'll have no problem finding a few things you like on this menu.

They even took the time to come over and explain that they had run out of home-made banoffee pie because they had catered a large function the night before, so they'd bought one in from a supplier instead, but assured us it was still really good.  The desserts looked good, especially the range of ice creams and sorbets, but we had absolutely no room left.  

If you're in this part of Edinburgh, definitely search out this place and give it a go.
Indaba is a nice little tapas place in Tollcross, almost hidden away on a side street.

Me and Tanja R. had 5 different tapas, as that is how many they recommend for 2 people. Ok, we could have had only 4 but generally 4-5 feeds two people just fine, depending on your appetite.

We had cured meats, cheese, olives and almonds. The almonds I enjoyed a lot - toasted and a nice nibble with a glass of wine. 
Also ordered croquetas, chorizo, grilled halloumi salad and goat cheese with caramelised onion. Really enjoyed the halloumi salad - the cheese was perfectly pan fried and very soft.

The service was friendly as well and they will show you a board of daily specials. 

Our bill for 2 people with 5 tapas and a glass of wine was about £35.
I had an absolutely lovely dining experience at Indaba and really felt that the service was really top notch - the staff totally made the night for me.

First of all I'm probably a bit biased when it comes to anything tapas related. I love tapas. If I could go into any restaurant and order things tapas style, I would. A small plate of food to share is my idea of perfection, so I was so delighted to read good reviews about the tapas place a five minute walk from my office.

We ordered four tapas and one dessert for two people, plus a couple of extra servings of bread to mop up the delicious sauces, which with a healthy glass of wine and bottle of beer came to about £40. This was more than enough food for us, we left feeling totally satisfied. We ordered one of the daily specials and the garlic prawns, but the two winners were the fallen tower of aubergine, beef tomato and mozzarella, and the pork ribs baked in chilli, tomato and honey. I totally recommend trying these two dishes, they were sublime. Upon reading so many reviews online, we finished off the course with the 'crying cake' which was so delicious. A warm chocolate pudding that when prodded, 'cries' rich chocolate sauce. Despite not being much of a dessert person, this totally blew my mind.

As I mentioned earlier though, it really was the staff that did it for me. They brought the daily specials board over to us which was actually a really nice touch, it wasn't hard to catch their attention if we needed extra bread or drinks despite being quite busy, they brought the dishes out one at a time in perfect succession so nothing went cold and they even gave us a complimentary shot of lychee and vodka at the end of our meal with the bill. Winner! I can definitely see myself becoming a regular here.
Multi-continental tapas with modest friendly service? Sure!
This restaurant deserves 4 stars- but we caught them three days after  opening and they are working out the kinks. It took us close to 1/2 hour to get our drinks. Very chic and modern lay out. One of our tapas came first and the wait staff is just out of sync. The lobster Pallea was out of this world and the calamari was excellent. The only miss is the fact that they don't give you any bread to soak up the delicious sauces. After the first round of traditional sangria we went for the white cava fish bowl which packs a good kick and is crisp and refreshing.  It went very well with the monkfish. On the other hand, the food was so phenomenal that after we were full, we saw a tapa dish at another table and still ordered it and desert. Lastly we ordered the flan and the tangerine custard came with a sherbet, whip cream and a couple of slices.  It was fantastic!!!
It is in the new Cosmopolitan hotel which is so high tech that you have a tough time finding the east valet, do yourself a favor and park in the west valet. East is a mess and took over 30 min to find our car.
the mister and me SO wanted to love this place. after all, it was our BIG NIGHT OUT, meaning it was the first time EVER that we were sans canine responsibilities, having left our assorted furry posse members back in not so sunny los angeles. 

BUT, this was just an okay experience. dishes ranged in both effectiveness and price, but what unified them was the teensy portions. i understand that tapas means 'small plates', but the price-to-portion ratio needs to be improved (going to Pinks an hour after leaving jaleo--not a good sign--but that's another review). 

so here's what we ordered and how it was: 

the mister--the lobster salad for $18.00. came with 4 claws of lobster meat on escarole with shaved grapefruit slices. according to the mister, the lobster was perfection, but the escarole was super salty. this i verified--these greens were tragically oversalted. i informed the waiter of this, but he did not offer to rectify the situation. 

the mister--chorizo wrapped in potato for $8.00. now the mister really liked this, though he thought it needed more potato. each chorizo was wrapped in a super thin potato chip. 

me--sliced apple and fennel salad with sherry vinaigrette and walnuts (minus the manchego cheese) for $9.00. perfection! a burst of starry eyed delight. impossibly fine slivers of fennel and apple. but SUCH a wee portion! seriously, i doubt if there was more than a cup of finely slivered veggies in there! 

me--warmed brussels sprout salad with diced apricots for $9.00. it was okay, but again, a super small portion. and again--oversalted. oversalted and not so special. i've made more unique brussels sprouts salads at home. 

service was okay. they had some kitchen mix ups but hey, it was day four for the restaurant.
My wife and I had dinner here a day after eating at China Poblano.

We loved the overall ambiance of the restaurant. It was modern and fun without being stuffy and serious. We had about 6 tapas including the lobster paella. Everything was tasty especially the chicken fritters, garlic shrimp, squid, and paella. 

We liked how they showcased the traditional paella kitchen with gigantic paella pans and wood burning pit.  We can't wait to try all the other tapas...maybe they will open another Jaleo in L.A.?
This place is pretty high on my sh*t list. The food was delicious but the service was SHOCKINGLY bad. The waiter forgot to bring two of our dishes. When I got sick of waiting and pointed it out to him, he was like "umm, and which dishes might those be?" Really, you don't even know? Even after we informed him, it took forever to get the food - and it was just sauteed mushrooms and spanish omelette. We didn't get out of dinner until after midnight - the entire restaurant was empty! No apologies or anything. It was our last night in Vegas and I was hoping to spend a relaxing evening with my husband. Instead I got to sit around a stupid restaurant waiting for food. You guys seriously need to get your sh*t together.
This is not a restaurant for good food, let alone good Tapas.. It is more for people watching. Great ideas with presentation (tapas in a shoe??) and seating, however the food was poor and the portions were very small.  The Paella for example was maybe 1 cup.  What happened to Paella being serve in the pan it was cooked in???? For the price you are paying there are so many other great choices in Vegas. Sorry Jaelo... I would give you no stars if I could.
Tapas is great, it's fun and you can order a bunch of different things and share it with everyone at your table. Semi small orders that are reasonably priced for a high scale tapas restaurant. Some of my favorites were the gazpacho with tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers, the liquid olive dish was amazing!.. I could probably eat a whole plate of just that. The fried dates in bacon were delicious but the presentation was unappetizing. (Order it and you'll see) Not EVERYTHING that we ordered was 5 stars but there were a few that were absolutely delicious and I will definitely be going again and trying the rest of the things on the menu. I hope that I can try at least every dish on that menu at least once! Already planning my next trip to eat here!
I love cheese and I love wine! Five cheeses for twenty dollars that we nibbled on throughout the whole meal, seemed like a good deal to me. It was served with crusty bread with a delicious spread of crushed tomatoes. Did I mention I also love tomatoes? 
I just happened to look right now at the Jaleo Washington DC menu and you get all six cheeses for 18 dollars. Grrrrr! haha, oh well. I've lived in DC and now in Vegas, and I guess this is the compromise I get for dining in a casino on the strip now.
My favorite favorite favorite dish that we tasted was the fried organic egg topped with caviar! YUM! YUM! YUM!
We also had the spicy chorizo wrapped in a thin potato! Which I thought was great, just the right amount of spice!
Then there were the fried dates wrapped in bacon.....hmmmm. Served in a shoe!? YES! served in a shoe. I have a picture on my phone that I wish I could upload right now. I've never eaten out of a shoe before. But, if you can get past the bizarre notion, its actually quite funny (especially after three glasses of wine) and quite tasty!
As far as meat goes, I didn't try any of the serrano ham, which I'll have to come back for. But, I loved the grilled hanger steak with piquillo peppers. It was sliced very thin, but still medium rare, and tasted amazing alongside the bread and cheeses.
My least favorite was some other roasted red pepper dish, but obviously I can't even remember the ingredients so it did not impress.
I was far too full for dessert, but instead enjoyed a cup of resh french press coffee to keep me going for the rest of the night. 
The Cosmopolitan is a really fun, new casino and is very beautiful inside; and this restaurant was definitely the place to be in there. Very vibrant and a scene to see and be seen in, alongside delicious tapas. Can't really go wrong with that! :)
Salmon tartare cone is amazing! Order 10 of them!!!
I am a fan of Jose Andres and always look forward to his cooking. 

The food was great, the service was good and the atmosphere was light and outgoing. The Sangria was very good and refreshing.

Chistorra envuelta en patata frita were tasty and a good starting dish. I would NOT order the papas bravas becasue they were not what i excpected. They are more like lays potato chips. 

The garlic shrimp aka  Gambas al ajillo were amazing with the perfect blend of flavors. I totally recommened them. 

Needless to say the PAELLA is a MUST. Its very rare to have good authentic paella so dont miss out. 

I cant help but laugh everytime people say  that the portains are small. They are not small, they are Tapas......I enjoyed my expernice at Jaleo and had fun order all kinds of dishes.
We have been to the one in DC, and loved it.  So we definitely wanted to check this place out.

We went with a group, looking for a "light meal."  There were no reservation available, but there is a bar area with high tables that are open first come first serve.  Must have been our night, cuz a six top was available right then!

We split the olives (3 real ones stuff with anchovies and 3 interesting "spheres" filled with the jus, kinda popped in your mouth), squab with foie gras jelly and truffles, lobster paella, garlic shrimp, thinly sliced monkfish, and fried chorizo sausage wrapped in potato.  Everything was tasty.  Perfect for a group, cuz everything came out in small plates, easy to share.  Our favorites were definitely the monkfish and chorizo.  

The paella was a little salty (the Asian in me wanted a bowl of white rice to mix in).  It is interesting, cuz they are only offering one paella at any given moment, so even though they list 4 different kinds, you really only have one choice (maybe 2 if you're willing to wait).

There is a foozball table with a glass top in front of the restaurant.  You can eat and play at the same time...  It was my husband's favorite part.  My favorite part was the SANGRIA.  You must get it - YUM.
Let me preface this by saying that Jaleo still has some kinks to work out, but it has 4 star potential.  If you're vegan, and don't feel like trekking to the Wynn, Jaleo has a ton of tasty vegan(izable) options for you.  I used to live in DC and go to the original Jaleo in my pregan days, so I was very excited to see Jose Andres open a restaurant here!

I went there solo and ate at the tapas bar, which is fun, because you get to watch them make all kinds of little dishes and you can ask the sous chefs about what they're making etc.  Plus the people next to me were very friendly and we had a nice chat.  The atmosphere seems very laid back and conducive to such interactions.  (Note: it's not like a sushi bar; they don't serve you directly.  A server will come up behind you and take your order.)

You would be well-advised to make a reservation if you want to eat there on a weekend night - it was completely packed with a line when I went.  I got the only seat left in the place!

Note: the food here is VERY salty because they use a lot of finishing salts.  If you aren't into that, just request your food with "no added salt."  I had the pan con tomate (tomato bread), espinacas (wilted spinach with apples and shallots), papas arrugas (salted roast potatoes with red and green chile sauces - not spicy though), and the chef brought out a sample of the veggie paella!  I also had apple sorbet for dessert.  (For Bay Area people - they use the same Pacojet technology as Scream Sorbet to make an amazingly creamy vegan sorbet).

Everything was very tasty, if a bit oily and salty.  Very rich!  (I will order w/ no added salt next time.)  The folks next to me shared their sangria, which was very tasty (although not made the traditional way... they add the fruit to your glass rather than macerating in the wine.)

The service was very attentive at times, but hit or miss.  I had a great time and enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back with a group so I can try lots more things!

For you non-vegan foodies, you might wanna check out e, the chef's tasting room at Jaleo.  They do a 20-course dinner (two seatings a night) for ~$150.  They can make exceptions for some dietary restrictions/allergies, but sadly don't do a vegan version (yet?). 

Here is a list of the vegetarian/vegan/veganizable dishes:

Pan con tomate -tomato bread
Gazpacho - cold tomato soup
Manzanas con hinojo y manchego (minus cheese) - apple-fennel salad
Espinacas a la Catalana - wilted spinach with sherry dressing and apples
Escalivada - cold roasted eggplant and pepper
Setas a ajillo - garlic mushrooms
Trigueros con romesco - asparagus w/ Romesco sauce
Ensalada de coles de bruselas con albaricoques, manzanas y jamon (minus the jamon - ham) - brussels sprout salad
Remolacha con citricos (minus the cheese) - citrus/beet salad
Papas Arrugas with mojo verde y rojo - roasted potatoes
Verdura Paella - Veggie paella (they do not use chicken stock, only water)
Iv'e dined at many Tapas restaurants in L.A., even to Firefly in Vegas, but this is by far my new favorite. My sister and I went to Jaleo yesterday and had a visual and taste sensory overload. The ambiance is lively yet intimate, the food authentic yet familiar, and the desserts..omg, the Flan and the Pan Con Chocolate were out of this world. 
The best tasting tapas were:
1. Ajo blanco con cangrejo: Chilled almond and garlic soup with crabmeat and green grapes. -TRUST ME- Just order it and thank me later. 
2. Croquetas de jamón Ibérico:  Traditional fritters with Ibérico ham and a bechemel cream sauce.  -Can't go wrong here!
3. Empanadillas de brandada de bacalao:  'Empanada' of cod brandade with honey.  -Oh so heavenly
4. 'Esqueixada':   Salad of salted cod with black olives and fresh tomato  -It's not really a salad, more like a dip that comes w/ rustic bread. This was absolutely spectacular, despite the fact that i'm not even a huge fish fan.
5. Canelones tradicionales de cerdo, hígado de pato y trufas con salsa bechamel:   Pork, foie gras and truffle canelones with bechamel sauce. - It  tastes as good as it sounds.
6. Jamón Ibérico de bellota Fermin:  Cured ham from the legendary, acorn-fed, black-footed Ibérico pigs of Spain  - We also got the cheese plate which went very well with our Sangria ;) 
7. Mejillones en escabeche:  Mussels marinated in Sherry vinegar - They serve it in a sardine can w/ olive oil and herbs..they melt in your mouth
8. Endivias con queso de cabra y naranjas:  Endives, goat cheese, oranges and almonds -  fun and refreshing 
9. Ensalada de coles de Bruselas con albaricoques, manzanas y jamón:  Serrano Warm Brussels sprouts salad with apricots, apple and Serrano ham- its one of their most popular dishes...
They have a huge selection of Paella as well, but we were too full by then. 
Btw, their Sangria is stronger than you'll think!
Tapas, yes, I know means small/little dishes, but I think they took this to the extreme. Where are all these reviewers from? Were they blinded by the lights on the Strip?!? Because, I could barely see the food on the plate.

The main issue I have with Jaleo is the small portions. $7 for a plate of potato chips with red and white sauce drizzled, my coworkers make this at lunch in the lunch room, its called lays with sirracha and onion dip drizzle. We ordered to our hearts content but our stomachs were far from filled.

Don't get me wrong, I understand quality over quantity, but if you really break it down, give me an endless supply of the minuscule tapas, so small I can barely remember what I ate, I still wouldn't come here. The plates are small (yes for the 4th time in this review, not sure if I got my point across), but the quality of the tapas are not even that great or anything spectacular. The entire dinner, I couldn't stop thinking about the cup-o-noodle I purposely didn't eat because I didn't want to spoil my appetite, bad move. 

This place is not good for groups, seeing as you have to order at least 3-4 orders of each tapa to feed a table of 9-10. One star for the creative serving style, putting deep fried bacon covered dates in a shoe, fooseball tables doubling as a dining table, and decent service is about all there is to rave about here. There's no reason to eat here when superior "foodie-esq"restaurants with big name chefs are a dime a dozen in Vegas.
In the midst of the insane opulence of that which is the Cosmopolitan, lies an equally over the top experience at Jaleo. Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo is a mix of amazing places to eat with Jaleo holding up the growing Tapas category. The entrance to Jaleo is inviting and enticing and holds a level of energy not seen by most eateries on a Tuesday evening. Just walking in and sitting at the bar, I knew we were in for a treat.
Just as the rest of the Cosmo, no level of detail went underlooked inside this Spanish Tapas endevor. From the Tapas Kitchen mid dining room, to the wood burning circle kitchen right next to the bar, Jaleo's let's you marvel in the mastery of culinary design by seeing how it's made right before your eyes. 
At the bar, we ordered two drinks, I had a Tomato infused something or other that was out of this world, very pricey for the serving size, but worth having at least once. My friend ordered a glass of champagne which was also good I was told, but also on they high side for price vs. Volume. That aside, it was time to order. We got the Bacon Wrapped Dates, the Potato Chips with white and red sauce, Chirizo Wrapped with Potato chips, White Asparagus, and the Conejo (Rabbit). 
To make this easy, I'll simply break it down:
Bacon Wrapped Dates: A typical order for us from Firefly, so we wanted to compare. The presentation was definitely not what we were expecting, but very fun to experience. They come served in a tennis shoe from a brand that we were told is the "Adidas of Spain". Aside from the off the wall plating, the Dates were amazing. The difference is, they deep fry the bacon wrapped dates so the whole bite is moist and flavorful with more of a hint of bacon and the richness of the date compared to most places where the bacon wins the flavor battle. A+
Potato Chips with Red and White sauce: A simple dish with lots to love. The chips seemed freshly made and the sauces had a good contrast to each other. Being so fresh, the chips had less crunch than you'd normally expect, but I saw it as a good thing. Not mushy, just less crunch and more smooth textures. B+
Choirzo Wrapped in Potato Chips: Simple, yet delightful. It is what it is, delicious Spanish chorizo, fresh potato chip, and a toothpick. Pick it up, bite, and enjoy. Simplicity at it's best, and tastiest. A
White Asparagus: This was served inside a sardine-can-like tin sprinkled with a bit of cheese. The fresh crunch of each bite, cut by the slight bitterness of the cheese made each tiny serving seem like so much more. A
Conejo (Rabbit): Something that's definitely not on everyone's top choices to try, but should. This was a leg and ribs serving with an apricot compote that was light and rich with enough sweetness to nicely balance the supreme flavors of the juicy Rabbit. If you've never tried Rabbit before, this is the one to try. It is not off putting at all, and will make you wish you could have it every day if you could! A+
To finish us off, we figured we'd indulge and have the Chocolate Hazelnut Cake. What a work of art this dessert was. I would've paid for just one bite of it. The chocolate and hazelnut combination they use is an absolute marrige commencing on your pallet. It was so good, I'd go there to just order that! A+
I thank the Cosmopolitan for choosing such an outstanding Tapas joint. I can't wait to try more of the menu. Hopefully over time, Jaleo's gets a happy hour or local's night, but even until then, this will be my new place to enjoy Tapas with friends and family.
Having been to The Bazaar by Jose Andres and loved it, I was excited to try some of his more traditional fare.  Overall, I thought this meal was fun and an overall success.  We came here on a Sunday night without reservations but were seated right away as a table had just become available.  This is off to a good start!

We started with the Aceitunas ($12 for 4 anchovy stuffed green olives and 4 kalamata olive spheres made from sodium alginate).  I've had Jose's black olive spheres at the Bazaar and actually thought the kalamatas work much better.

Next, we had the Chistorra Envuelta ($8 for 6 skewers).  The spicy chorizo  was quite tasty and contrasted perfectly with the crunchiness of the potato chip wrapped around the  skewer.

The waitress highly recommended the Gambas al Ajillo ($10 for 6 shrimps) which the menu features as one of their most popular dishes.  Maybe it was high expectation from the waitress and the menu, but I thought the shrimp wasn't really anything special.  Sure it was perfectly cooked, but it just tasted like nicely cooked shrimp with garlic oil.

My favorite dish of the night was easily the Pinchon Estilo Alcantara which was squab topped with foie gras and shaved black truffle ($22).  All the flavors came together so well.. I would have ordered this plate just for myself.. who says sharing is caring?

The Rape a la Donostiarra ($10 for a large platter of thinly sliced monkfish) was pretty solid.  The waitress said it was a brave dish.. I've never had monkfish prepared this way before, but didn't think it was anything overly eccentric.

Finally, we had the Arroz a Banda con Bogavante ($28) which is their lobster paella.  I was really looking forward to this, since we were sitting right next to the paella station.  As a quick note, they only serve 2 paellas at any given night, and could take up to 30 minutes to prepare, so be aware that not all options are going to be available.  The paella was quite rich and tasty.. a tad over-seasoned, but that's ok.  Each dish is served with half a lobster tail and a claw, which was a nice touch.

We had our meal with a pitcher of red sangria, which I highly recommend.  You can never really go wrong with wine mixed with fruit.

Overall, Jaleo was pretty much what I expected from Jose Andres - tasty, modern Spanish cuisine.  I can't wait to come back to try everything else on the menu.  Definitely come in a group to maximize the selection.  I thought our party of 6 was perfect, since most of the dishes come in groups of 6.  Also, I actually thought the price was fairly reasonable for what we were getting.

4 stars!!
This place was horrible from the moment  they tried to seat us at a table from barbie's doll house. The waiter was a total jerk he practically ignored us he spoke so low I felt that I was in a Seinfeld episode. They would not make a Paella without lobster my girlfriend is allergic to shell fish. The waiter did not come back and tell us that we would need 5 people to have an order of paella.  I understand that it takes 30 min to an hour for paella. The other items were ok at best there was a shell in our mussels in sherry wine sauce. The only redeeming thing about this place was the manager was nice enough to give us her card for a return visit but why bother. Not local friendly either.
I had a great dinner at the bar this past Sunday night. The bartender was very friendly and helpful in recommending great dishes. I had several tapas and everything was perfect. From the sea urchin omelette to the foie gras and quail , it was all good. I hightly recomend this restaurant if you love spanish food and if you are in town.
The food was okay.  VERY expensive.  Service was atrocious.  Sangria was terrible.  Paella was spat out by all who tried it.  Dried out rabbit with lots of pinbones.  Bleccch.

They make the sangria to order so you get to see what's in it.  Cheap red wine, a little brandy, and a slice of orange.  $10?  Really.  This was unlike any sangria I've ever had.  Undrinkable

It was the service that really torpedoed our experience here, though.  It took us a half hour to get our first round of drinks.  We had to flag down the manager and have hime take our order.  Our server was a frazzled mess.  He was staring at the computer in the service station literally the whole night.

I got his attention at one point and asked if I could order a drink.  We were a group of 8 and no one had a drink yet.  I asked for a glass of tempranillo and he took off without taking anyone else's order.  Another member of our party managed to flag him down 10 minutes later and he tried to do the same thing!  Take one more person's order then fly away.  TAKE EVERYONE'S ORDER AT THE SAME TIME!  It was insane.  We spent well over a thousand dollars for 8 people.

I've eaten at Bazaar in LA, Jose Andres' other west coast foray into high-end tapas and it was one of the greatest meals I've ever experienced.  This place was a real let down.

There was so much that was wrong.  The fried dates in a shoe on the table.  Not cute or appetizing.  The sangria was absolutely awful.  Service was non-existent.  We wanted to order dessert but didn't have time since it took us so long to order and receive food and drink.  Paella inedible.  The room was way too bright.  I can't really even convey with words how sucky our meal was and how ripped-off we felt when we got the enormous bill.

The manager heard us grumping about the meal and didn't offer anything to try to turn the tide of negativity.  I think he was used to it.  Most other tables in our vicinity seemed disgruntled.  One table walked out ant the manager tried to get them to pay for the food they ordered and never got.
I know that Jose Andres is a very talented and incredible chef, and this location inside the fabulous, newly opened Cosmopolitan will improve over time. I love tapas and Jaleo has done a good job at creating some delicious dishes.  Off the top of my head, the pan con tomate (tomato bread), endibias conqeso (endives with goat cheese, oranges and Almonds) and the garlic shrimp were wonderful...include the pitcher of sangria and the evening was a memorable one.

The only bad item was one they take some much pride in...paellas, and this evening they happen to feature the lobster paellas. The lobster was grilled to perfection and very delicious, however the paellas was very crunchy...possibly undercooked al dente-style. And nothing is worse than crunchy rice.  Sad, as I was really looking forward to this.

The server got extremely busy as the restaurant started to fill, but a host overheard our dissatisfaction and gladly offered to remove it from the final bill.

It gets real busy at 8:00, so unless you book ahead, you could be sitting outside watching others enjoying their meal.

Again, with a little more time to work out some kinks, and an opportunity to closely monitor the food quality, this will be a great place to impress friends.  Already The Cosmopolitan has built the visually-pleasing infrastructure.
every dish was amazing.  jose andres is a genius.
ATMOSPHERE // The environment itself is quite top notch, but that's more of a compliment to the hotel, not the restaurant. The slick idiosyncrasy of The Cosmopolitan continues through Jaleo. I loved all the design details from the typographic front gates to the piecework bull mounted on the wall and chicken tots served in a shoe (surprisingly cute and not gross idea). If you're lucky enough to have arrived with good company as I did, the restaurant's open layout and interesting tidbits allows for a good night of rousing conversation. My own party aside, I found the dining staff to be quite full of themselves, or rather, brainwashed by the supposed amazingness and sadly mislead by what a standard portion size is. I give them part of the blame for setting false customer expectations.

FOOD // The food really fell short of 3-stars. I've been to different small-plate kind of eateries before and Jaleo neither measured up for it's priciness in ingenuity nor taste. We took a while to figure out what to order because we were informed by our group of comrades who had a reservation before we did that the portions were fantastically small and the food not all that great. One friend honestly, and repeatedly, told us to get up and flee the place before it was too late. Could it really be that bad?
sangria :: This was a good choice. Served with fresh slice of citrus, chunk o' watermelon, and some mint. And one will need some amount of vino to make up for everything else. 
lobster paella :: We expressed concerns about hunger satisfaction so the waiter suggested the paella as a good way to fill up. The lobster paella had good flavors, but was rather salty (like most of the food). 
fried bacon wrapped dates :: Bacon wrapped anything is always good and ever better when it's deep fried. 
chicken fritters :: They're like tater-tot sized pot pies. 
garlic soup :: This was the worst. It tasted like you took the packet of Chicken Top Ramen seasoning and poured it into a cup of lukewarm water and then dropped an egg in there. The waitress gushed about how the egg is cooked at exactly 63 degrees and gave me a stony stare when she caught me rolling my eyes. I apologize that your soup sucked. 
chilled almond & garlic soup :: Interesting combination of flavors. Much better than the other soup, but that isn't saying much. 
kurobuta pork jowls & scallops :: I ordered this and it was microscopic for $14. A few slivers of unmemorable pork and maybe half a scallop total. I can get this for $6 at a Japanese izakaya. 
desserts :: We ordered 3 with components like olive oil ice cream, flan, and chocolate mousse. Again, nothing I think is worth mentioning. Do we sense a pattern?

All in all, the food didn't impress me in any way, especially factoring in the price and portion size. We had a party of 7 and with 2 carafes of sangria, 3 paellas, plus about 10 small plates, it ended up being $51/person. Jaleo is like dating a rich bitch: she may look nice and spout esteem, but it's all shallow and will set you back more money than it's worth. If you're looking to settle down for a better meal, check out the pretty girl next door to the strip instead at Firefly [http://www.fireflylv.com/].
I went to Jaleo with a co-worker for dinner on Thurs, Feb 10, 2011. I have been to Bazaar (Jose Andres' restaurant in Beverly Hills) a few times so I kind of new what to expect. I would say I got pretty much what I expected.

The atmosphere is really nice. The Cosmo Hotel is very new and contemporary and Jaleo continues that feel. The restaurant is live and has a very fun, energetic atmosphere. There is an open-ness to the restaurant and it blends in with the rest of the hotel (so that you don't feel closed off).

The food (as with other Jose Andres restaurants) does not live up to the hype. The food is definitely not bad, but it is basically slightly above average. I love the tapas (small plates) style of eating, because you can try many dishes. And when you look at the menu, there are sure to be several things that look extremely appetizing.

The two of us had about 6 or 7 dishes. The cones filled with salmon sashimi and topped with salmon roe were very salty. I was expecting those to be better, they were just okay.

The Brussels sprout salad was pretty solid. We had a monk fish dish which was pretty good, it had a cilantro oil on it.

The bacon wrapped dates were very tasty. I have had bacon wrapped dates at many other restaurants, the difference here is that they were lightly breaded and deep fried. I though that was a nice touch. However, at other places bacon wrapped dates are stuffed with cheese (either a hard cheese like a Parmesan or sometimes a blue cheese). Here no cheese, and adding a nice Parmesan would kick it up a notch.

The veal cheeks were very good in my opinion.

We had a couple other salads including the lobster salad. Probably too much lettuce compared to the other goodies.

We also had the vegetable paella (which was the special) and it was pretty much vegetable paella. It was on the more expensive side (around $18) of the dishes and was not worth it. I would rather have had 2 more interesting dishes.

In the end, I would recommend this restaurant to others because the experience is worth it. The atmosphere and the unique dishes make for a fun time. Keep in mind, the dishes at this restaurant are not as "wild" as Bazaar where he uses several techniques some refer to as molecular gastronomy. But, the dishes are interesting and very palatable. Just don't go in expecting Michelin star quality food and you won't be disappointed.

Price is fairly reasonable for this type of setting. The dishes ranged from about $8 - $20 per dish. Typically looking at about 6 dishes for 2 people.

Enjoy.
Jaleo is the third place I have been to at the Cosmopolitan. I had been wanting to try it from the day it opened; the Iberico ham was calling my name!

My wife and I made our reservation through Opentable for Android and got right in at 630pm the day before Valentines. I immediately noticed that this was a "hipster" type of place with a modern feel; Wood floors and white tables without table clothes. The feeling was comfortable while retaining its coolness. If you are expecting a romantic, quiet, and private atmosphere this is not the spot for you.

The Menu is expansive and playful. Chef Andres' uses a nice sense of humor on his menu to get you to eat and drink! Most of the dishes are tapas style and this encourages sharing of course! We started with the Iberico Jamon bellota from the famous black footed pig! it's a little pricey at 22$ for five shaved slices, but go for it; you can't get this stuff in a supermarket.

Next, we ordered the Soupa De Ajo which is garlic soup with a 63degree Egg. They served it tableside and it was Soo garlicky and delicious! The croutons melted right in front of you as the hot soup hit them. The soup was soul satisfying!

Following the soup we had Dungeoness crab stuffed peppers. Tasty but not monumental. Then we got the foie gras and pork cannoli's in bechamel! Wow! Yummy! Topped with shaved black truffles this dish satisfies the biggest foodie! Rich and creamy and savory; everything you could want in a dish. We didn't think that our next dish of Veal cheeks could stand up, but the cheeks were out of this world! Luscious and tender you could eat them with your fork and served on the most wonderful olive oil potatoes you could ever want. The pork and the potatoes together were heavenly. This was our absolute favorite dish!

The night we were there the paella was made with Lobster. We went for it! As I said before, the chef is cute with his menu. So to me this seemed to be his signature dish. When you walk in to the restaurant you see a huge grill surrounded by UFO sized Paella pans.  I figured if you go to Jaleo then you have to try this dish. They tell you the paella takes about 45 minutes so it actually came out after our veal cheeks. Perfectly cooked lobster rested on top of the rice. This dish was all about the rice and the seafood with a yummy garlic aioli on the side. My only problem with the dish was that the Lobster was still in the shell. I have a problem with a place that serves lobster in the shell. I don't want to wrestle the damn thing to eat it. but it was a lovely dish and very good.

Our two desserts were well done and tasty but the dessert menu is short; only about 8 choices. Save some room and share like the rest of menu!

The service was very attentive! Our water glasses were never empty and there was never a pile up of empty plates. The table remained clean and cleared throughout the dinner. Our waitress, Michelle, was helpful in selecting a nice Rose Cava that went very well with all the food. Even on a busy night they were really on top of the service.

Overall I would recommend Jaleo to anyone who is into good food. I would definitely return for more!
I love tapas restaurants, so I was excited to try Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The atmosphere is much like the Cosmopolitan itself: trendy, popular, and loud.  

We had a group of five and ordered 3 plates each to share.  These were by far the smallest plates of tapas I've ever seen.  Some barely had enough to pass around once.  Plus, the tiny plates were way over-priced.  Some dishes were better than others, but really nothing was great.  We liked the ponche de cava, the croquetas, and the apple salad, but none of the entrees were good.  

The restaurant was loud and crowded and we kind of got lost in the shuffle a few times.  The service was very spotty - sometimes they took away our plates before we had finished, and sometimes they left us sitting for way too long before checking on us. The server said she would put all our tapas in an order that made courses, but that made it so some people didn't have anything they wanted to eat for a course or two.  Also, our check did not come until we asked the manager to track it down for us.   

In all, I would probably not return to Jaleo.  Part of the fun of tapas is enjoying the people you are with.  This restaurant makes it hard to enjoy the company of your dinner companions due to the crowded and loud environment.
The food was only average for a place that should be 4 stars or better. The real bummer was the level of service. The waitress not only forgot to order some of our food, when she finally did, she got it wrong. The portions were small and only mildly tasty. 

I love Tapas restaurants and I really liked the Cosmopolitan Hotel but I will never go here again. T

The best part was the place was so busy, we couldn't get in without a reservation the night before! We should have just passed all together!
Love Jaleo! The first time I went was with some girlfriends and the second time was with a larger group for a friend's birthday. Both visits were fantastic. I liken Jaleo as the Comopolitan's version of Firefly. The tapas are delicious. Some of my favorite eats:

-bacon figs
-manchengo bread
-oysters
-croquettas
-paella (they generally only have two available on a given night and there is a man dedicated to just cooking paella, it's cool to watch)
-sangria

Have dinner here and then head over to chandelier bar for a cocktail :)
I love tapas and not only is my best friend a chef at the blue ribbon sushi grill but I also had a friend who works at jaleo so I went on a recommendation from them both. 

Me and another girlfriend went to jaleo for dinner and all I can say is the service that we got from some white guy named Brian was horrible. We understand that being in the cosmo it was busy but he did not once ask us how the food was, and was too busy with the couple next to us. He was too occupied with getting more money out of that couple than giving us decent service. Our food came out relatively fast but everything that came out was bland. By the end of our meal we were craving some flavor, hoping to get dessert.. It took us 20 minutes to get our check and not only that he didn't even offer us a dessert menu.

We had gotten the shrimp al ajillo, the chicken fritters, the chorizo wrapped in potato, and the tuna salad. All were bland and the portions were minuscule to almost non existent. I know tapas are meant to be small, but jaleo took it to the next level.

I was furious when I left, the food was sub-par and the service was ridiculous. I would have complained to the manager if I wasn't in such a hurry to get out of the godforsaken place. I will never go back to jaleo, I'd rather go to firelfy where the service is decent to amazing and the food is always out of this world. After leaving we were asked where we had dinner that night and both me & my girlfriend blanked. The service was that horrible that we both couldn't even remember the name of the restaurant.
JOSE ANDRES in TOWN!!!! YAY!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE JALEO!!!!
Everything is DELISH!!!!
Only 4stars because the serive is a little slow!
i have eaten at the Jaleo in DC and LOVED it.  so i was excited to visit the Jaleo in Vegas.  i was disappointed to say the least.  the service was horrible...we had reservations and didn't get seated for almost 40 minutes.  and no one apologized even when we voiced our impatience.  the service continued to get bad.  we didn't see our waitress for almost 20 minutes and didn't get our water glasses filled for almost that long as well.  the server forgot to put our order in for the paella and it was at our table an hour after we ordered it.  and once it came to the table it was cold, overseasoned, and crunchy.  the couple next to us kept getting the wrong dishes from our server.  i would excuse the poor service if the food was out of this world.  everything was oversalted or overseasoned.  with the exception of the spinach salad which was completely bland.  i hope Jaleo gets with the program.  i am a big fan of Chef Andres' restaurants and i want to see him succeed.
Well the food was amazing! From the Gambas Al Ajillo (Sauteed Shrimp) to the Bacalao Con Salsa Verde (Cod) everything was just muy delicioso! Oh and the seared scallop.. probably the best I've ever had. The Croquetas de Pollo was served on a shoe- yes a shoe.. like the ones you put on your feet. It was more unappetizing as it was amusing.  

The downside.. our server was a little too excited clearing up our plates after each bite even when there was still food on the plate! At first we all thought it was quite funny thinking "they must be running out of plates" but after awhile it just became annoying. I've never felt so rushed before! Granted tapas are served as a plate is ready but our last plate must have taken a good 20-30 minutes since the last plate. By then we weren't even hungry anymore! 

The ambiance was great.. the restaurant had a very hip and modern take on traditional Spanish styling very fitting for the Cosmopolitan. Would probably give it another shot next time I'm in town.. maybe then I can give it 5 stars!
Busy as hell at 9pm on a Friday night. The club next door (Marquee) and the area outside the restaurant are packed with club goers and other party people so expect a lot of energy and noise.

The inside of the restaurant has a clean, open and contemporary feel. Again, it was very busy when I was there so expect to be seated around a lot of other people on a bz weekend. This is not the place to go for privacy or a quiet evening.

The food was very good with my fav being the carne asada. It was marinated very well with a strong kick of salt balanced with oil and cooked medium rare - which i like. My date loved the gambas al ajillo (shrimp), esquiexada, empanada bacalao (Cod puree inside a flaky crust - yum), and the Arroz Bogavante (paella). One thing i didn't enjoy much was cracking open the lobster on the paella with my hands and making a mess. The black bean-ish sauce was pretty amazing though.

This place loses a star (maybe even a star and a half) in my book for two reasons: 1) the wait time to order and the general inattentiveness of our server was abominable; 2) the water they give you is room temperature and nasty... wth. 

I guess going for cocktails is the way to go. Grey Goose cocktails are 10 bucks each and just decent. The clementine drop was interesting but not as cool as it sounds on the menu.

All in all, satisfying meal came at a price of a little over a bill. Not bad for 3 small plates, 2 bigger ones, 3 drinks and dessert?

I'm sure my girl and I will be back sometime.
FUKN ROCKSTAR!!!!  JOSE you have done it again! Love the food the service was elite as well!!!  DEFINATE MUST
Located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Jaleo was fancy, modern and acquired a very cute ambiance! LOVE LOVE LOVE! So many dishes to choose from and each was prepped and presented differently. Quite the dining experience. Sangria was AMAZING to go along with our Lamb, mushrooms, Sea Urchin, Fried Bacon stuffed Dates, Hangar steak and so much more I can't remember. 

Definitely a epicurean dining experience. Great place to eat pre-party! 
Excited to go back!!!!!
This place caught my attention as we passed by one night because it just look like a fun cute place to go.  Then a co-worker posted pictures and was raving about it, so when I found out girlfriends were coming into town, decided to take them here and was so glad I did.  Everything was yummy.  My favorites were the lobster paella, endives, chicken fritters and hazelnut cake.  Thought the chorizo wrapped in potato would have been better, it was just okay.  And it was our first time to discover a clementine drink, which was fun.  I think overall a fun place to go to with friends or on a date.  Liked it so much, planning on taking my husband back there!
Took my 2 sisters and wife here for my big sisters bday. Ambience and service were great. Food not so much. Few of the cooks must have been heavy handed on the salt that night. Everything was too salty and I like salt. Probably going to give it another try though. Egg and onion omelet with uni was my fav dish.  Sangria and cocktails were really good.
A little noisy
Most dishes are excellent 
Lobster salad and flank stake
But some of the dishes just ok
Overall solid but not as out of the world as bazaar in Beverly hills
I thought the food at The Bazaar was only ok overall, so it wasn't a surprise that the food at Jaleo was ok as well.  However, depending on the dish, some of the tapas at both locations are EXCELLENT.  Like The Bazaar, you have to know what to order; if you order the right things, the food can be AMAZING.  I ate here as a snack meal, so only tried 4 tapas, ranked from best to worst (photos uploaded of all 4) :

Rossejat (4.5 stars): This dish was DELICIOUS. The menu says "norwegian lobster," but it's more like a giant prawn on top.  The "prawn" is cooked to perfection; very juicy and tender.  It rests on top of a bed of crispy noodles (with bits of cuttlefish mixed in).  Served with a garlic aioli sauce, which goes really well with the noodles.  This is a must-order dish.  It is a bit on the salty side though, so minus 1/2 star. Otherwise, this dish is perfect!
 
Sauteed shrimp (4 stars): Simple, yet good.  Served in a lemon-garlic sauce that goes really well with the juicy shrimp.

Chicken tenders/Croquettas (3 stars): A bit on the salty side.  The waiter recommended this dish as a house favorite, but it was only ok.  The filling in the fried dough was a bit too creamy for my liking.  I also didn't like the idea of it being served in a shoe.

Uni w/ pomegranate foam (1.5 stars): Very pretty dish, but taste-wise, not so great.  I love uni, but this dish ruined it.  Uni doesn't pair well with pomegranate.  Uni naturally has a slight sweet, creamy taste, but when soaked in pomegranate foam juice, it gives it a sour taste & sour uni is just not good.  Once the sour flavor goes away, the uni tastes better, but might as well just eat uni by itself then.
Delicious, delicious, delicious. Only negative was that some dishes took a little while to get to the table. But when they got there...my word and stars! Bacon wrapped dates and the spicy chorizo were the highlights.
Great food & service! Everything we ordered was not exactly what i expected but was very good! Alot of the dishes are done very unique-either in the presentation or in twist of ingredients! Went with my husband. We were seated next to several other two tops and ended up talking to the tables next to us as well! It would be a great place for a group! Only suggestions is make sure to pack some gum! (Alot of garlic in the dishes)
So I finally lost my tapas virginity and Jaleo was where it happened. The server was very helpful in navigating the menu, as was the neighboring table.

Start with the red sangria, different from most I've had, but good none the less. 

My favorites included; Idiazábal (Basque Cheese), Croquetas de jamón Ibérico (Ham & Cheese fritters) and the Carne asada con piquillos Julián de Lodosa (Grilled Hanger Steak with peppers).

In fact the Iberico Ham fritters were amazing.

We had a number of other dishes which were ok, such as the monkfish, but overall a nice dining experience in the new Cosmo Hotel.
At a conference in Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the new swanky somewhat overdone Cosmopolitan Hotel on the Strip.  But what is not overdone on the strip?

The sangria was great.  Not your typical sugary sangria.  Almost a peppery taste.  We had 3 carafes so I'm assuming all liked it.

Food was good.  One dish was served in a shoe (yes a shoe).  The item tasted great, but the shoe was not a great presentation. 

Table top presentation here seemed to lack overall.  In Vegas you would expect over the top in this arena.  Some more work to be done with this. 

Our table was right next to the dessert action station and they were selling a bunch!  The chocolate flan is to die for.  There was a hot food action station too.  The paella was great.  That evening was rabbit and duck if I recall.  

Would I go back?  Theoretically yes, but there is so much on the Strip to try probably not.

Very noisy - difficult for a business dinner.
I went to Jaleo the other day and it is a hip place to go. The ambiance of the place is a loud with great energy. I had no idea how playful the food could be. I had started with the sangria, it was tasty and I could not taste the alcohol.  I got to try to try sample lots of the small plates. 

Seleccion meats 2/10
Pollo Croquetas  7/10
La Serena Cone 5/10
Tortilla Patatas   4/10
Endivias Naranja  4/10
Bruselas Jamon    6/10
Gambas al Ajillo  8/10
Valenciana  3/10
Pan con tmate  7/10
Arroz Bogavante 7/10
Tarta De Manzana 7/10
Flan 7/10
Coffee 8/10
I was really excited for this restaurant to open. I love the Bazaar by Jose Andres and unfortunately this doesn't compare. The food is good but nothing really stood out as a signature must order. The sangria, however, was excellent.
 
The ambiance is less trendy/intimate/unique than the Bazaar and is louder/brighter with a bit of a cafeteria feel to it. When we went the service was a little slow and lackluster, but I assume once it is open for awhile that will change. 

Note sure if I would go back.
Reso @ 9, seated at 9:45. We opted to stick with tapas only. Fave was the chorizo. The hams were  particularly outstanding.  Place is really loud and busy.  Espresso was cold and about a one ounce serving size, so avoid that.  Tapas portions are always on the small size so you just keep ordering more until full. Worth going once, probably won't go a second time.
Interesting place if you like trendy. Now that I know what a tapas restaurant is, I will never go back. But hey, if you like side dishes delivered in a shoe, this place is for you!
Endivias con queso de cabra y naranjas VERY yummy, Best Fried Dates I've had, manchego apple salad was tasty. Lobster Paella was disappointing. Great service! I will be back!
eh, this place is in the cosmo hotel and i didn't enjoy it that much. 

the most interesting thing was that the fritters (i think that is what it was) we ordered were served in a leather sneaker. a gimmicky conversation piece that wasn't that neat. i'm still trying to figure out the connection.

it's way too bright in here. the place is bright white and red. not very intimate.

finding the bathroom is like a maze. my friend asked a waiter where it is and he insisted on showing her because it is tricky. 

the waiter we had was disinterested and unable to make recommendations. curious.

we order the sangria and it was "eh," but incredibly strong. a bit spicy, which was interesting. i preferred the plain vodka soda i ordered.

i left hungry in spite of my party of three ordering lots and lots of tapas, but didn't mind because i wanted to keep looking slim in my tight dress (girrrrls, you know what i mean!). i honestly cannot remember the names of all the things we ordered, or any haha.

there are better places equally costly to check out while in vegas...skip jaleo and go there lol
I was there in December when the place had just opened. Everything ran smoothly and the service was great.  It was pretty lively and energetic in there with people filling the entire restaurant. Not a quiet place but a good place for drinks and tapas.

Everything we ordered was fantastic. I even had some pulpo (octopus)! The jamon was delicious and imported from Spain, I believe. Mmm. The sangria was also very, very good.

They ran out of a bunch of the desserts we wanted so they eventually ended up comping the two desserts we finally selected that they did have.

The food also inspired me to visit the bazaar in LA. If you're in LA, check it out -- I think it's even better than Jaleo.

On the pricey side - I believe for about 5-6 tapas and some sangria it was around $125. If you have the cash to spend, it's totally worth it, though!
What a great surprise this was. I saw the 3 1/2 stars on Yelp so I was a little hesistant but being that i was staying in the Cosmopolitan our group decided to try it out. Turns out this place rocks. I've never been the biggest fan of Spanish tapas but this place had the best I've ever had (that incudes Spain). Probably because they had their own twist to what was being served but everthing we ordered was just outstanding  and the presentation of the food made it look like pieces of art. I'll be back.
My friend and I were at Seablue in the MGM partaking of their $1 oyster happy hour special and debating the relative merits of where to go for dinner when one of the waiters overheard us mention the possibility of going to Jaleo and started enthusing about it.  We were in the mood for tapas anyway, so all it took was a quick visit to Open Table and we had a 9:30 reservation.

The place was bustling.  We showed up a few minutes late - you know how it is, walking the strip in heels - and still had to wait a few minutes for our table to be cleared and set, but we chatted amicably with the hostess (about the wonderfulness of the Mission in San Francisco, randomly) and were shortly led inside.

The decor was playful.  Our table was just beneath an enormous stuffed bull (I'm guessing it was not an actual, taxidermied one, but what do I know) wearing a silver lame wrestling mask, and I liked the  patchwork-style mixed prints on the extremely comfortable banquettes and the red pendant lamps that hung throughout the restaurant.  I especially adored the menus printed with various words relating to tapas - seriously, is ñum ñum the Spanish equivalent of nom nom?  Because that is way, way better.

To drink, we ordered a full carafe of sangria, which I found to be delicious in a spicy, more nuanced way than most sangrias (and which also seemed to be on the strong side - score).  To start with, we ordered the selection of five cheeses - Pasamontes Manchego, Murcia al Vino, Garrotxa, La Serena, and La Peral - and the Pan con Tomate with Jamon Serrano.    All the cheeses were delicious, although we counted the Garrotxa and La Peral as our absolute favorites, and although it did turn out that the cheese plate came with Pan con Tomate anyway (as well as dried apricots, raisins on the vine, and Marcona almonds), we were pleased to have the extra when the next round of food came.

Next we had the warm Brussels sprouts salad, which was so amazing I considered demanding the recipe from the kitchen, with chunks of jamon Serrano, halved grapes, and dried apricots in a tangy dressing.  The gambas al ajillo were - I am so very sorry to say - not what I was expecting...I own Jose Andres' tapas cookbook and regularly make his gambas al ajillo from it to great fanfare, and these were not in the same style.  In fact you could barely tell that they had every been in the pan with that wonderful garlic and olive oil mixture, which we sopped up with the spare Pan con Tomate.  Finally, in an effort to order at least one thing that wasn't totally standard tapas fare, we had the Tortilla de Erizos, tortilla with sea urchin - the uni was creamy and provided a nice contrast with the tortilla, although, full disclosure, I wasn't totally won over and probably wouldn't order it again.

For dessert, we had the Pan con Chocolate, which was basically like, a quenelle of chocolate flan rolled in cookie crumbs and topped with ice cream, a superthin shard of caramelized bread, and a drizzle of olive oil.  It was AMAZING - sweet and salty and unctuous.  Seriously, I'm now contemplating putting olive oil on all my desserts.  Delicious and heart healthy!...or, you know, not.

After a couple of cafe con leches we got the check and it was a very respectable $120 or so.  Overall, it was a fantastic evening with good to great service and mostly excellent food.
Fantastic food, great service, crazy prices. I had three teeny courses with two glasses of modest wine, and spent almost 80.00. For one person. And I left HUNGRY!!

Jose Andres restaurants have the best gazpacho. Slam dunk every time...but like all tapas, the portions are tiny. :(
Extremely overpriced and small rations. Paella was undercook and lack of flavor.

Service was horrible and management needs improvements.

The chistorra is the one you find in the stores in L.A., the mussels were ok but the sauce was flavorless, the croquetas ok but small and the tortilla de patatas I make it much better at home

I am from Spain and I am always looking for real spanish restaurants, this will be a little Bar in Madrid with not a lot of public due to the quality of the food.

I also experienced the same at Baazar, Jose Andres is the new type of chef that fells short in every aspect but due to the celebrity status everything works.

Tapas is not upscale is just casual over beers and wine, cheap and lot of options that you order by units.

In a restaurant like this you serve rations that are bigger than the tapas and everybody can taste.

Do not recommend at all, I am sure that after a while the restaurant will be gone with the trend.
I decided to stop here the night after my wonderful experience at E.  While the atmosphere is completely different at Jaleo, the quality of my food was at the same level.  I started with a nice glass of Cava as I scanned the extensive menu.  I decided on several small dishes.

Pan con Tomate
Toasted slices of rustic bread brushed with fresh tomatoes. Great Bread.  Wonderfully fresh tomato flavor.

Endivias con Queso de Cabra y Naranjas
Endives, goat cheese, oranges and almonds.  Great combination of flavors all piled inside Endive leaves. 

Setas a la Jillo con La Serena
Sautéed wild mushrooms with La Serena potato purée.  The Mushrooms were really good, but the Potatoes were the star.

Carne Asada con Piquillos Julián de Lodosa
Grilled Hanger Steak with Piquillo Pepper Confit.  Perfectly prepared Steak with just the right amount of char, spice and sweetness from the peppers.

I finished my night with my own small pot of coffee. As I enjoyed the coffee's rich, robust flavor, I wondered how hard it would be to convince Chef Andres' to open a Jaleo in Milwaukee.
Love it! first time having tapas each dish was wonderful!

I can't remember the name of each dish we ate.

Sangria half carafe was awesome, sweet spicy fruity drink will have again

We had the grilled bread with fresh tomato, wonderful i could have eaten it all!

Shared the chicken fritters (um they are served in a shoe lol) it was like eating a bite sized chicken potpie soooo yummy!

we ended up sharing 2 plates of the shrimp on this one each person should get there own lol 

also had the Carne Asada amazing!!!! I never eat beef with any pink in, this though is the exception! cooked perfect melt in you mouth goodness

This place was awesome can't wait to go again!
First of all I wanted to commend the crew on their impeccable service here - they really know how to make you feel special. Somehow this always makes the food taste better!
All of the tapa choices for the evening were picked out by our server - how could we say NO to all of her choices -Foie Gras baked with black truffle, prosciutto bruchetta, brussel sprout citrus salad that will knock your socks off, lobster paella, green apple fennel & fig salad, bacon-wrapped figs, exotic cheeses...did I get them all?? WOW - it was richly fantastic. I have discovered a white sangria - and even got the list of secret ingredients!
This was a true delight and epicurean journey!
Can't say I'm impressed with the Cosmo food scene. There's better tapas at Firefly. The hidden pizza joint next door is a more satisfying meal. 

The Cosmo better step it up food wise. It's highway robbery for very so-so quality food. They obviously want more of a vibe than a great place to eat. Great food gets return customers. Everyone on that 3rd floor are in for a surprise in a year from now....
Since Jose Andres does not have a restaurant in NYC I was really looking forward to trying the restaurant.  I went with one other friend and we ordered just enough food for the two of us and shared everything.  We started with the sangria which  I loved.  The predominant flavor was cinnamon, but it was light enough to be very refreshing.  
We split the stuffed olives (with Andres' special olives- what a surprising texture).  We also had the Croquetas de Jamón Serrano, the Empanada de bacalao, and the paella special of the day.  Everything was so flavorful.  I put a warning on the bacalao empanadas.  While I loved, loved, loved them- they might be too fishy for others.  

I look forward to going back with a group and trying more things.
Not sure why this place isn't rated higher on Yelp.  Sure, it's pricier than Firefly, and maybe even not as good, but they're two different animals.  Jaleo is just cool-looking, and they have some really unique dishes.  The paellas rotate daily, so I didn't get to eat the lobster paella I was hoping for, but the duck paella was pretty darned good.  And I'd never had monkfish before, either.  I don't even remember what else we got, but it was all deicious.  And the service was fantastic, as was to be expected at the Cosmopolitan.
It was an experience eating at Jaleo, but it is not somewhere where I will return to in a while. They serve small portions(tapas) and they also have paella which is traditional Spanish rice dish (the one we had was lobster, but i believe they have diff. kinds). The food was STRICTLY OK, but just the experience was worth trying at least once. The egg with caviar was the best dish we ordered there. We also ordered rabbit, but I definitely am not a fan of, but my boyfriend enjoyed it. The seating was kindda weird for us because the table next to us was less than a foot away so there was no privacy whatsoever.
This restaurant claims to have the best gin and tonic.  And it actually is pretty damn good!  $16, but who cares!  It's good!

Lots of sherry based cocktails, if you are into that.  My husband had the Spanish golden and the sangre y fuego, and he enjoyed both of them very much (each $11).  

And the sangria.  The sangria is awesome.  $17 for a half carafe.  A pretty good deal and it will knock you on your ass. Unfortunately you cannot order it by the glass so just be prepared to share or get drunk.

But enough about the alcohol.  The food is amazing, too!  Our server, Patrick, recommended the sopa ajoblanco ($10) and I have to admit it is the best chilled soup I have ever had.  Cream based soup almond and garlic soup with crab meat and grapes.  It sounds weird, but it was a terrific flavor combination.   Our server also recommended the hamburgesa de Iberico ($14), which is a grilled pork burger served with a cream sauce.  So tasty.  I think my husband inhaled this one.  The croquetas de jamon Iberico also very tasty and served in a cute little fry basket.

The paella is also excellent and changes daily.  This time they offered the lobster paella.  Big pieces of lobster and the lobster flavor permeated the rice.  The menu is confusing but it can be ordered in a single serving for $28.  

Desserts were excellent. Olive oil ice cream with grapefruit was another great suggestion from Patrick.  The flan was also excellent.  The desserts are $9 each.

Service was impeccable.  

Excellent tapas joint!  Great décor and lots of fun!  Check out my picture of the bull in the wrestler's mask.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=1e2MODTQsuNqpQAZhUaSvA

Priceless!
Was here for a girls weekend.  Stopped in to Jaleo for some Tapas.  Ambiance is very loud. We got lucky and got seated in a private room because there were 10 of us.  Service was great EXCEPT from our main server.  She was a total biatch! She got annoyed when we didn't order a mass amount of alcohol. Sh!t, with the prices we had to pay in this restaurant, we couldn't afford alcohol.  She recommended the pork paella.  It was not very good at all!!! The pork was just spare-ribs with bones in it.  It was very difficult to eat because the meat was not tender so you had to rip it off the bones. The rice was uncooked!  We mentioned this to the waitress and she made some excuses and said that is how it is cooked.  Then she dismissed us by saying "sorry" very sarcastically.  

Bottom line, if you guys like your rice cooked, DO NOT order the paella!!! It is NOT good.  Everything else is okay, just okay, not delicious.
Food and alcohol deserve 4 stars - very standard classic spanish/basque tapas executed well, very creative and delicious specialty cocktails.

Ambiance and service deserve 0 stars - overly loud dining room, unnecessarily lazy staff and servers.

For the details - 

Firstly, Jaleo messed up my reservation.  I originally had a res for a party of 6 people @ 6PM on Friday.  I called 3 days prior to change to 8 people @ 7 PM.  I didn't get a confirmation call the day-of which I thought was weird.  Sure enough, they never changed the original reservation and since we were "an hour late" when we arrived, they had already given up our table.  They did seat us immediately but had to squeeze us into a table meant for 6 right at the front of the restaurant by the bar and hotel escalators.  Yuck.  And, as noted by many here, the main dining room is certainly loud.

I also think it's ridiculous that they don't answer their phones before dining service begins.  Having to wait til 8PM on the east coast to call and make (and then change) reservations was ludicrous.  This is probably also why they don't call you to confirm.

So, we were seated and the waitress came around to take drink orders and informed us that, in her exact words, "the kitchen is broken" and they were doing all the cooking on the grills in the middle of the restaurant, so there were a few dishes that weren't available.  She didn't specifically mention which, of course.

We got our drinks and they were all amazing.  The famous G&T, sangria, some gold sparkly drink, a drink with instructions on how to drink it (dip this into this, then put this in your mouth, then sip this, then do a dance...)

Now, I'm a tapas whore, and the menu at Jaleo is very much standard classic tapas, nothing really out of the ordinary.  So I go to order 6 of the usual suspects for my wife and I.  They couldn't make a single one of them.  Well, what can you make then?  "Well nothing from this side of the menu or that side of the menu."  So...let me try again...what CAN you make?

Wound up figuring things out and placing our order, and the tapas started arriving shortly thereafter.  Except the runners kept coming to my side of the long table, saying to me what the dish was, and then putting it down in front of me.  So I had to turn into the waiter, loudly screaming across the table to see who ordered each dish and then passing it down.  I finally got fed up around the 8th plate or so and started forcing the runners to do their job and figure out who ordered each dish so they could place it in front of the right person.  For.every.single.dish.  Ugh.

Also, there were a few dishes we had ordered doubles of that we never received.  

Thank god the food was good.  We probably ordered every dish that was available and none disappointed.  Winner of the night in my book was the lamb ribs.  Fall-off-the-bone delicious.  Other mentionables - patatas bravas were potato chips which was a neat twist, and the romesco sauce had an interesting smokey flavor.  Otherwise, as I said, pretty standard stuff all executed well.
Went here a few weeks ago. This place is great! Casual dress with small plates that are very good. Prices are reasonable for what you get as well. We had quite a few plates, however, my favorite was the foie gras stuffed cannelloni with black shaved truffles. It was phenomenal. We shared sangria, which was good. I eyed another customer receiving a dish in a shoe, literally a old loafer type shoe, I asked the waitress about it and she informed me it was a chicken dish that was popular. I would like to go back and try the risotto. Anywhere that is good enough for the owner of El Bulli is good enough for me *wink wink*
Terrific tapas. Had a dozen little things to try and they all within range from good to excellent. The umami in the olive oil ice cream with grapefruit ice and candied rind segments was unexpected and extremely memorable. Their Best Gin and Tonic is, yes, the best gin and tonic. Fresh kaffir lime leaf, juniper berries, lemon zest with an ice sphere made for an excellent aperitif. I hope the next time I come, I get the same experience with the food. 
I don't know what people expect with the ambiance and why they bomb it. Its not fine dining or white table cloth service--it should be loud. You should hear the fire roar on the grill to your left, the commis in the open raw bar confirming orders with urgency, plates and glasses banging and inebriated douche bags yelling for more Tempranillo. Its the experience! ITS a little part of  SPAIN pocketed in a little part of VEGAS. Enjoy it while it lasts. Nothing rarely does anymore.
I found the staff very informative as well as courteous. The dishes and combinations of food and flavors was superb. I booked my reservation on-line during a busy weekend and had no problem even when we were running behind. We did have a later seating of 10pm though. The atmoshpere was a little loud as it's set up like a cafeteria but all in all it was a good experience and convenient before going to Marqui.
Jaleo is beautifully artistic with a trendy atmosphere. You feel excited sitting there and wait in anticipation to try the food. 

So here's the food breakdown

Selection of all cheeses   18.
Pasamontés  Manchego, Idiazábal, Murcia al vino, Garrotxa, Caña de cabra, La Peral

     * Delicious! Came with Fresh Raisens on the vine, dried apricots and roasted almonds
---

Jamón Ibérico de bellota 'Fermin'
Cured ham from the legendary, acorn-fed,Black footed Ibérico pigs of Spain   22

     * This was the best ham I've ever had. And it had better be for over $5 a micro-thin slice. All 5 pieces makes up one regular piece of bacon. That's one expensive piece of bacon!
---

Ajo blanco con cangrejo
Chilled almond and garlic soup with crabmeat and green grapes  12

     * This definitely took a bit of getting used to. I love vinegar, and that's a good thing considering that's exactly what this tasted like. Vinegar with Cream with little bits of fresh lobster and grape halves. 
---

Piquillo relleno de 'txangurro'
Piquillo peppers stuffed with Dungeness crabmeat  14

     * 2 pieces. This was pretty hearty. The peppers were nothing special but the sauce and crab were yummy. 
---

Gambas al ajillo
The very, very famous tapa of shrimp sautéed with garlic  10

     * 5-6 shrimp. AWESOME! Favorite so far

Trigueros con romesco
Grilled asparagus with romesco sauce  12

     * Nothing special. 5 spears of asparagus. Plain sauce
---

Huevo frito con caviar
A fried organic egg topped with caviar  16

     * This just tasted like a poached egg that you dip bread into. The caviar was so light you could not taste it unless you ate it seperately. 
---

Carne asada con piquillos Julián de Lodosa
Grilled hanger steak with piquillo pepper confit  14

     * 7 slices, 3-4oz? Again, nothing special. Cooled perfectly.  
---

Canelones tradicionales de cerdo, hígado de 
pato y trufas con salsa bechamel
Pork, foie gras and truffle canelones with bechamel sauce  14

     * This was absoloutely my fav after the shrimp. A bit salty but Mmm! Warm and hearty, the truffle flavor standing out. Delicious!
---

Lobster Paella 28

     * Total disappointment. The presentation was gorgeous, the Paella tasted like rice cooked in the juices of lobster, extremely salted. We left more than half of it on the plate. We ate the half tail and claw. 


I really wanted to try the Sangria but they do not sell by the glass, another disappointment. 

Overall it was fun, but you can have much better and cheaper food in NYC.
This place was a disapointment. The torilla Classico was not classic, it was tasteless eggs with potato chips on top, the octopus was tough and what really made me not like the place was if you want bread.... a staple at any tapas restaurant you had to pay, $1.00 a slice. I just don't think it is worth the hype, this restaurant goes onto the huge list of great chefs who open in Las Vegas and instead of offering the same quality they would at home, they offer tastless unsophisticated crap.
gf , sis and i decided on a "cosmo food crawl" first stop - Jaleo. 

Friday night - place is hopping so we opt for the bar. Even the tables within the bar area are packed. 

Our goal - 3-4 small plates, a drink then off to the next restaurant. 

Bartender was very nice, attentive and shared her opinion on the favs. We basically sat in front of where they have the portion of the kitchen where they cook the paella over a wood pit - looked cool but how's the food ? 

Ordered a 1/2 carafe of the sangria ( $18), the Pan con tomate and added the jamon iberrica ( total cost $15 ), Chicken Croquettes ( $10 ) , the bacon wrapped dates ( $8 ) and finally the lobster Paella ($23) 

The sangria had a real earthiness to it - not what i would call the standard refreshing sangria. The bartender advised there was cinnamon and star anise in it. I liked it but it looked like a springtime drink that tasted like a fall drink. 

they brought out the croquettes first ( would've preferred the pan tomato as the starter ) - the croquettes ( 5 of them ) were very good. it was like a high end Chicken ala King in a pastry that almost looked like a pizza bite. 

The pan tomato was next with the dates. The dates ( again 5 of them ) looked like the chicken croquettes but of course, totally different in taste. I gotta admit, Firefly has them beat on the dates ! The pan tomato ( 3 slices of bread with tomato seasonings and then the ham ) simple but oh so good - the bread had a crunchy bottom yet an airy lightness above. 

The only downer - about a 10 minute delay ( possibly a little more ) for the paella. The rice was amazing - full of flavor, definitely used a lobster stock within the rice. Two lobster claws , cracked, were included - decent flavor . I was kinda hoping for some Chorizo and a few other seafood nibbles - nope. Also, was there saffron ? 

Overall, I liked the place and will definitely return to try more. 

photo of lobster posted
I love the Bazaar at SLS.  I consider it to be one of the best restaurants i've ever been to! I was beyond excited to try Jaleo. It came highly recommended and I had fun imagining the crazy thing Jose Andres could do with Spanish tapas.

What we got was so disappointing! To start off, the ambiance of this restaurant sucks. It's loud and the chairs are super uncomfortable. It's not a "dressy" place at all, it doesn't even feel like a "nice" place. The people sitting next to us looked like they had come right from the pool and overall the vibe was super casual.  Service was spotty at best, except that 3 times they tried to take away our dishes when there were still several bites left. Excuse me!

The food was fine. It wasn't bad. There was nothing amazing or creative about this food at all, just your standard Spanish Tapas.  The only thing that was unique was the fact that they served chicken fritters in an old shoe. When we asked the waitress about the significance of the shoe she just said ," I get asked that so much. The only thing we can think of is that Jose doesn't like plates". It felt so gimmicky!  

For 2 people, I would order 5-8 Tapas to feel full. 


With the plethora of AMAZING other places to eat in Vegas and in the cosmopolitan hotel, Jaleo is not a place I would waste my time eating.


**EDIT** I asked Jose Andres on twitter why he served the chicken fritters in a shoe and he replied! Here is his reply:

1. plates are boring 2. dali served a dinner in hollywood to bob hope and others on shoes 3. by doing so people think 4.why not?
such a great place!!!  we got the lobster paella...when the server offers paella...place the order...if they run out you'll have to wait a long time for the next batch.  we were sooo lucky.  service was great!!! the tapas were off the hook. i loved the veal cheeks. it was a fun atmosphere!!! you'll love it
Iberico ham from Spain was exquisite!  Paella was beautiful! And all the sinful drinks were perfect!
food: so the good dishes include pan con tomate, endives with goat cheese and clementines, fried eggplant with molasses and of course...their gin & tonic and sangria.  the not-so-good dishes include the fried bacon wrapped dates, veal cheeks and spicy chorizo wrapped in a crispy potato.  their chocolate panna cotta was delish though.

service: knowledgeable and friendly.  great bussers and runners too.

final thoughts: i love jose andreas, but this restaurant was really just so-so.  ughhhhhh so disappointing.
The Skinny: skillful executed dishes but really odd flavour combinations that do not work (3), service: was good and efficient for a place of this caliber (3.5) value: I think tapas might be a synonym for charging you more for a smaller dish of food - we ordered 6 dishes and 1 dessert for $75 prior to tax and tip(3) 

I really wanted to try Jaleo ever since I learned that Jose Andres started the whole tapas craze here in the US (although I first learned about tapas from watching the Frugal Gourmet when I was a kid - that's before all the sketchy allegations!). Plus being a Top Chef fan, I am always keen to try some of the guest judges cuisine.

First of all, I want to preface this. I do not doubt that Mr. Andres has incredible skill. I think that some of the things we had took a lot of technique to perfect (ie, Iberico ham croquettes and Cod empanadas). But technical skill does not make a great meal because in the end (for me)...it is all about flavour.

So we started off with some roasted peppers, eggplant and sweet onion which was not what we were expecting. If you check out the pics - the eggplant looked like tapeworms swimming in olive oil. Visual appeal rates a zero. Luckily, it tasted okay albeit pedestrian given the caliber of this establishment.

I think the thing that makes this place shine is their ability to take make fried food with a molten center. Both the Iberico ham croquettes and cod empanadas were surprisingly lovely and crisp on the outside without succuming to the liquid in the middle. There were problems with the these dishes though. The flavour of the Iberico ham was lost in the enveloping bechamel sauce. The cod empanadas were good but were overly fishy for my hubby's tastes (kind of like a strong mackeral - I'll admit, I did enjoy this but would likely not order this again).

Iberico ham (oh, that creamy nutty luscious goodness that literally melts in your mouth) was very small portion considering the cost. Doesn't come with bread either which made it difficult to truly enjoy due to the inherent salinity of the meat. It definitely needed something else to justify the cost of this dish.

The foie gras cannelloni was a huge disappointment mostly because of the preparation of the foie gras filling. The texture was grainy while the flavour of goose liver was completely absent from the dish. As a matter of fact, the filling had an unpleasant sourness to it that even overwhelmed the lovely unctiousness of the liberally combined shaved truffle and truffle oil. As they say, no bueno.

By far the best dish of the night - the veal cheek with morel mushrooms. Utterly delicious, the judicious scent of cinnamon gave a mild hint of spice in this earthy dish. The textures of the meat was marvelous - like the best succulent short rib you've ever had. 

Hazelnut cake was surprising lacking in hazelnuts other than as a candied garnish. For a Nutella lover like me, it's like a bait and switch and I was oh-so-sad. A chocolate mousse over sponge was okay but nothing you couldn't get elsewhere for significantly less. Toying with my affections that way is a cruel joke, my friends. A cruel joke indeed.

Like all tapas places, the portion sizes were small and definitely overpriced. I would probably go back again for the veal cheek alone (yes, it is that good and is also the sole reason this place rates a 3) but would likely order other things off the menu.
I came here back in February. We ordered a bunch of tapas, all of which I remember being good. The one I can still recall very well is the fried dates wrapped in bacon. 

As others have said, the ambiance is kind of lacking. Because of the location of this restaurant and particularly where we sat, a large group of us, right near the walkway, it almost gives the feel like you are in a food court. Not completely, but almost. I remember there being some awkward coat racks or something at our table that we asked them to move. I don't even know how to describe them, but they were more annoying than anything. As someone else pointed out, the chairs were not the most comfortable. It was just an odd setup overall for a nice restaurant.
This was the first time I had ever had dinner at a "high-end" restaurant.
It was more like a food tasting party than a fulfilling dinner. All the dishes came in small portions but were very pricey. 
The oysters are amazinggg. The preserved raw ham was really good, we had two different kinds, one was from a vegetarian pig, and the other was from a pig that freely ate all sorts of things. We also had the hot dogs which were not like regular hot dogs but tiny ones that were burnt to perfection. We also had the fried rice with rabbit, I am not a big fan of rabbit so I did not exactly enjoy that dish, but everybody else did. 
For dessert we had the mango pudding and the vanilla bean ice cream with olive oil. They gave really small portions but it was beautifully crafted and nicely put together on the dish. And I enjoyed everything and the experience for the most part. It was truly an authentic high end Spanish cuisine. 
This is also in the new building called the Cosmopolitan in vegas, the place is wonderful and amazing.
Service - 7
Atmosphere - 7
Food - 8
Vegetarian Friendly - 6
General Awesomeness - 7

I can't say much about the bacon wrapped dates due to my vegetarianism, but I will say the waiter who solely monitored our water glass was top notch.  All the veggies were great and the tourists seemed to behave themselves.
This was my fave dinner of 4 nights in Vegas.  Service was flawless.  Food was delicious!  Yes, the decor/ambience wasn't over the top, but it was fine.  There's enough over the top stuff in Vegas to look at.  And anyway,  I go for food, not for the design.

Our head waiter knew the menu inside out and was able to answer all questions in great detail.  He made excellent recommendations as well.

The signature gin & tonic was as good as everyone says and I loved the spherical ice ball in it.

We ended up having 2 orders of the Serrano ham fritters between two of us because they were so good!  I'm a sucker for croquettes.

I would absolutely return and look forward to it!   Look at my pic of the lobster paella...it too was amazing!  I have nothing to complain about at all.  Loved, loved, loved this place!!!!!
I've dined at a couple other Jaleo locations, so I knew what to expect coming in. This outpost, in the Cosmopolitan, is just as busy, if not more so, than the others. It's a big open space with plenty of close tables that's geared toward social dining.

But the star here is the food. The boneless chicken wings with roasted garlic herb purée ($14) were some of the best wings I've had -- better than the wings at any sports bar. The piquillo peppers stuffed with dungeness crabmeat ($14) is another winner. The combo of the sweet meaty crab and the heat from the peppers left me craving more.

Other dishes we tired were good, but not as spectacular as the ones previously mentioned. The croquetas de jamón Ibérico ($10) come four to an order and, as was expected, were deliciously crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside. The fried dates wrapped in bacon ($8) are always a hit, but I still prefer the bacon wrapped dates from Firefly. The steamed mussels with bay leaf and white wine ($10) were my least favorite dish. The broth was on the bland side and the mussels... well, I've had better.

Drinks were above average. Jose's Gin & Tonic ($16), described as "the best gin and tonic you'll ever have", was excellent. The white sangria is a bowl of ice and fruit which they bring to the table, then add a bottle of cava tableside. A decent beverage, that's good enough for a group of three or four, but more style than substance, in my opinion.

What I really wanted to try during my visit was the lobster paella. But, they weren't serving it that night (or at least while we were there). They only had the rabbit paella, which we passed on. So, I'll gladly come back to sample it and try more tapas.
This place was top notch.  It was our first time at a Tapas restaurant.  The restaurant interior is modern "pop culture" and very inviting.  We started out with drinks, obviously, and the Jose Bramble is a must try.  Then we tried the La Peral cheese which comes with almonds and a yummy apricot.  The staff was wonderful.  We continued on with our choices.  My suggestion is go try it yourself and you must order the dates wrapped in bacon.  I recommend not sitting at the Foosball table since the chairs are uncomfortable but it was interesting to see it actually was playable.  Make reservations because it is popular.
Wow, major disappointment. I've been to Bazaar and while I was not completely impressed with the taste of the food there, the presentation was always whimsical and creative. Here, there is neither taste nor presentation.

The best dish of the 16 or so the group of us tried was the "pan con tomate" (bruschetta), which is really sad b/c it's just toasted bread with tomato & olive oil. The only other dishes I tolerated were the foie gras canalones, the mushrooms & the veal cheeks. 

Everything else was bad. The chicken fritters presented in a brown shoe was like a slap in the face. The crab and potato dish (under "jose's way" on the menu) was disgusting, it came served with basically with an entire jar of mayonnaise plopped on top of extremely salty crab meat. The squid was absolutely flavorless. The octopus was overly seasoned with paprika. The paella tasted like baked spaghetti. The endives didn't taste fresh. But, the dish that REALLY pissed me off was the patatas bravas. I was expecting potatoes or something creative--I was NOT expecting a bowl of store-bought-tasting potato chips with 4 strands of mayo and chili sauce drizzled on top.

No one in my group thought the food was good. And we won't be back.
I heard about Jose Andres from Washington DC, and decided to try out the food while I was gambling.. luckily we won a bunch of money and blew it all on food. 

The ambiance was fast paced, noisy, friendly, colorful, just unique. I loved the yuca chips, and decided to try something exotic like a Rabbit short-rib dish. It was delicious. Flavors were different enough, and the Sangria was out of this world.

Our waitress was very attentive! Supposedly his DC restaurant has even better food, and they changed the menus up a bit for Vegas. 

In any case I loved the restaurant, the food and the atmosphere was spectacular, can't wait to try out his other restaurants!!
Went here with some buddies when we decided to visit the new Cosmopolitan.  Jaleo is like candy.  Candy for the palate and candy for the eyes.  Lots of great tastes and the eye candy walking around this place makes it hard to focus on the food!

I would come here just for Iberico ham and tomato bread but there's so much more.  While the chicken fritters served in a shoe was interesting, the craziest dish was the garlic and almond soup with green grapes.  It sounds like a crazy combination but it worked - earthy, nutty, sweet and tangy, all together.  The only disappointment was the paella.  It is made with such fanfare that you expect it to be great and it's just ... ok.

The tab is quite reasonable for Las Vegas Strip dining.
Food: The gazpacho was nice and herby. The paella had a pleasing hearty flavor. The hazelnut chocolate dessert was decadent. The apple tart had saffron which gave it a very unique and interesting taste. Unfortunately, I felt that some of their other dishes had taste combinations that were a bit awkward.

Service: Friendly, attentive, prompt.

Ambience: Lively, clubby
I won't lie, I'm surprised I'm giving this 1 star given the description of this place, i expected to give it 5 stars. Unfortunately I really have very little to say that's good here. 

Arrived for my 8:15 reservation @ 8:00pm and checked in. Was told I could wait at the bar and buy the $18 Gin & Tonic (apparently the best in Vegas) and they'd call me shortly. about 1.5 hrs later, I finally was seated. yes. 1.5 hrs... and given the reservation was for 8:15 I was pretty disappointed. Even more disappointed by the fact that I watched a walk-in that had arrived AFTER my group and was seated before us (there were a few open tables we conveniently stood by that the walk-in's got). There's no question, the hostess just forgot about us. it wasn't until the bartender noticed our annoyance that he went and got us a table. Strike 1.

I love (and I mean LOVE) tapas. We ordered a bunch of traditional dishes, expecting them to be a little more traditional. The patatas bravas (that were around $14) was a bowl of potato chips w/ mayo & spicy tomato sauce on top of them. yes. POTATO CHIPS. This was highly disappointing. Strike 2.

Service was incredibly slow - we ran out of water and waiting over 30 minutes trying to get a refill. WOW. Strike 3.

Out of the dishes we ordered, I couldn't point to a single one that was better than the food at Julian Serrano (in Aria, just next door). And of all the dishes we ordered, all were more expensive than their counterparts at Julian Serrano. None of it tasted bad, I just can't justify the price for the taste.

Finally, at the end of the meal, we all ended up forking over around $85/person and walked away still hungry. 

Will not be going back.
Glorious group spot in Vegas. I've been here twice and both times were amazing.

Pro's include beautiful people watching, very sharable food, and the best Hendricks & Cucumber I've had to date. It comes with a really neat circular cube and very fresh garnishing.

This worked out perfectly both Friday's we went before going out. Great rally-spot.
Service is good! 
Food suck!!! :-(
Jaleo is located at the cosmo where all the other restos are. 

We had reservations and we were coming a tad bit late. I called in ahead of time just to let them know I was running around 5-10 minutes behind.

Upon arrival I apologized for being late. The hostess carried an arrogant attitude which unfortunately left a really bitter taste in my mouth.  We were seated about 20 minutes later at a table that had been unoccupied for about 15 minutes. 

Luckily we had a really sweet server who offered food/drink suggestions. The restaurant is well lit with very modern furniture. The ambiance is trendy, just about fitting for its patrons.

Their menu is fairly large which I appreciated. We got:
1) Pan con tomate 
2) Croquetas de jamon
3) Fried dates in bacon
4) Carne Asada
5) Chorizo wrapped in crispy potato
6) Pork and foie gras canelone with bechamel sauce

Everything was just ok. Definitely not worth the exorbitant prices for so-so cuisine

BUT. I will say that that the only redeeming factor about this meal was the pork and foie gras canelone.  It was sinfully rich, flavorful, and I just wish I had more.
Cool place! Cool decor! Beautiful servers!
Creative food (in mini-mini portions)
Service SUCKS!!!

Go for a drink and some olives, move on to the next place.
All I can say.... YUMMYYY!!! Ask your server for suggestions. I ate whatever was ordered and it was delicious. I love the setting of their setting and atmosphere, service was prompt or maybe because the group I came with was highly important but who cares. Hands down to Jaleo and the awsome food.
Big fan!  I love tapas because I can try a little bit of everything!  The food was great, the energy was fantastic and our service was superb.  What more is there to ask?
I really wanted to like this place, since my friend raved about it. We came here around 5pm, the place was pretty empty, we were seated right away. From the looks of it, the restaurant was overstaffed... waitstaff standing around and looking into the distance. Maybe they partied too hard the night before... i don't know! After sitting around for a good 15 minutes without anyone coming up to us we finally had to flag someone down. Since we were newbies to such cousine, we expected our server to explain the menu.... well the server/manager just briefly went over the menu w/out going into details about the items we wanted to order. He said everything's good on the menu. Ok whatever. 

Keep in mind these tapas are TINY, so don't come here with a big apetite; before we could even finish our tiny dish the plates would get picked up. When my friend finally mentioned something to the busboy to leave the plate, his reply was "are you serious?!" . A great way to make a customer feel comfortable is to question the customer. 

I really wanted to enjoy this dining experience, however the SERVICE was terrible and pretty much ruined it for us.
awful just awful!!  atmosphere was nice but ....

food was subpar. For cosmopolitan's standards this place should be closed down.  

PAPER was found in my croquette. Manager said ' sorry it was not to your tastes'. WHO LIKES PAPER ?? IM NOT A GOAT!

Paella was cold and unfresh. obviously old paella from a previous batch . probably had a prize to the waiter who could sell it before it hit the trash bin. 

everything was rather bland , and messily presented. 

why was food served in old shoes?? gross..
The vegetarian and seafood tapas is an experience in itself. Brilliant food, great atmosphere for a group of friends.
Make a reservation. Order the sangria! One carafe will fill about 6 glasses. Everything on the menu was delicious! Really enjoyed the scallops and beet salad. The only thing our party wasn't fond of was the fried wonton thing with cod filling drizzled with honey. The description sounded tasty, since everything seems to go well with honey.  I was expecting actual fish inside but it was more of a cream with a strong fishy cod flavor, unexpected but not in a good way. I grabbed one and it actually had nothing inside, so I was basically eating a chip with honey over it. That dish didn't ruin the overall experience. Great service, the waiter was helpful, and so were our bus boys. They were quick and attentive. Didn't get to try the paella bc our party was too small but it sure looked good, you can see it and smell it cooking in the back! Skip the buffet and come here for a lighter meal packed full of flavors and options!
This more like a 4 1/2 stars. The food was great, the sangria was great, the service was great & the dessert was delicious. The only down side to this place is, like most expensive restaurants, they are very stingy about the food.
The excuse that Jaleo uses is that it a tapas restaurant..... Well, it a good one.
This is a good place to celebrate with some good friends!!!
Food served in a sneaker, an overbearing wait staff, and overpriced cocktails sums up my not so great experience at this new tapas restaurant.  My boyfriend and I ordered the Croquetas de pollo (Traditional chicken fritters), Pan con tomate (Toasted slices of rustic bread brushed with fresh tomatoes), Endibias con queso de cabra y naranjas (Endives with goat cheese, oranges and almonds),  and 'Rossejat' (Traditional 'paella' of fried pasta with shrimp).  The first dish that was brought to our table was the chicken fritters.  To our surprise and disgust, the chicken fritters were served in a men's sneaker.  A shoe on a table?  A shoe in place of a plate or bowl?  For all the awesome bowls that one could find at any restaurant depot or HomeGoods, the shoe was completely ridiculous, unnecessary and certainly not appetizing.  The rustic bread with tomatoes was very dry and lacked flavor.  As for the paella, the restaurant again tried to be savvy by using angel hair pasta instead of rice.  Unfortunately, the pasta stuck the bottom of the pan and was virtually impossible to eat.  Overall, I found this dining experience to be a complete waste of time and money.  If anyone is interested in enjoying tapas during their next Las Vegas trip head over to Julian Serrano at Aria Resort and Casino.  The food is much better and dishes, bowls and utensils are all that you will find on your table.
yes, I paid $22 for a plate of ham. not just any ham, but jamon iberico. and it was good.
I came in for the paella and the storied fire-pit it cooks in. I was impressed by everything- except for the Valencian paella itself.

Although there were no tables available, we were seated within minutes at the bar. The hostess was polite as was our server. The chairs are uncomfortable, great for math, not so much for drinking and eating. Despite how busy it was, our drink orders were taken immediately and we had them quickly. I was feeling a Pinot noir and the server suggested a Spanish red, volver I believe, which was excellent but I believe a bottle they keep regularly available so it tasted a little flat.

There was much to choose from off the menu, and I selected espinacas to get some greens in, hearty with nice crunchiness from the pine nuts. Jamon iberico was as delightful as anticipated. The quail was another hit and the cannelloni, rich cream sauce, soft shell and meaty inside - instant stroke. We even got free ham fritters, fried and battered cheese/ham balls, by accident, a nice delicious surprise.

The paella however, fell flat.  All of the flavors were there, saffron, rabbit,  and chicken; however, the rice was undercooked. I wanted to believe it was just a little crispy, but it was certainly not cooked through and through.  What a black mark on an otherwise delicious evening.  

Jaleo, is worth the visit, but make sure you have the time to wait for the paella to come out right and be prepared to send it back!
I have heard mixed things about jaleo and was skeptical to try it... Everything I had was great.   Worth trying if you like tapas and something just a little different.
Why do I have to be on my diet coming here?! Unfortunately, my diet does not allow for paella, the dish that Jaleo boasts, but after having such a wonderful first experience, I know I'll definitely try it on my return. Food was excellent, tasty and creative.  Service was super fast, as in lightning fast! It seemed as if our orders came out within 5 minutes from ordering! At one time I asked for cream for my coffee and in what seemed like 2 seconds, suprise! The bus boy came right behind me with a little cup of cream! The menu, although shorter than Firefly's or Julian Serrano's, has masterfully crafted dishes.  My husband and I enjoyed every single dish we ordered. The wine list is well organized and well thought out.  Jaleo is the first restaurant that I have ever been to that uses Apple iPads as a menu -very unique and "trendsetty".  This is a promising restaurant and I can't wait to go back.
Ten?  Fifteen?  Twenty?  I lost count of all the glorious courses we were served while dining (in a large group, mind you) at Jaleo last week.  Lucky enough to snag a reservation for 12 on short notice (thank YOU, Jose), we traipsed in to Jaleo and put our trust in the server's hands.

For the most part, that was a good idea.  He concocted a tapas tasting menu of literally ten plus courses, including the best of the best (marinated mussels, fried bacon-wrapped dates, and pesto-infused monkfish) and some not-so-standout (fried eggplant, goat cheese-dappled endive, and fried shrimp were all just OK).

Top this off with two - TWO! - lobster courses (an incredible steamed version with jasmine foam and marinara, and a decent-but-nothing-to-write-home-about seafood paella) and we were stuffed, satiated, and impressed.  The sparkling white sangria, though a bit light for a cocktail of its own, paired well with the salty and spicy foods throughout the meal.

If you have a big group of adventurous (read: willing to eat raw, spicy, seafood, cured meats, and any arrangement of vegetables) eaters, you will NOT miss with Jaleo.  My boyfriend and I agreed that this is the type of eating that makes Vegas a can't-miss culinary destination, and Jose Andres a well-reputed celebrity chef.
yummy :)

had a great experience here....only problem was the AC was on  blast!
I think this was probably the first time I actually had tapas and I loved it. Since I didn't know much about the menu, I left a lot of the ordering up to my dinner companion. Everything we had was quite good and the prices on bottles of wine weren't completely unreasonable. 

There was one outstanding dish that thankfully ended the entrees; Canelones tradicionales de cerdo y hígado de pato con salsa bechamel. In case you can't translate that, it was pork and foie gras cannellonis with bechamel sauce and sliced black truffles on top. It was to DIE for and not nearly as heavy as the description may lead you to believe. We even managed to have just enough room for some traditional flan with a light mango sorbet. Perfecto!

Our server was great, very personable and helpful and only gave us her personal recommendations when we asked. It's a pet peeve of mine when servers say "oh, that's really good" about every single thing you order or they try to get you to order something in which you have zero interest. The only reason this isn't a 5 star is because it was a trendy Vegas spot on the weekend and so it was packed and loud (even at 10:30pm when we got there). The prices are high, but it is Vegas; I'm actually surprised we didn't end up paying more.
Horrible. Some friends of mine and I were here one night before going to Marquee and hit this place up. The sushi place was too busy so this looked like the next best thing. We started with 3 appetizers- the potato wrapped chorizo, white asparagus, patadas bravas. We were so turned off by the quality of the food we never ordered meals and left hungry. 

Enough said.
tapas?  I guess that means we need to order a lot of dishes?  is 20 dishes enough for 6 people?  we ordered so much food that the waiter asked if we would be able to finish it.  it helps that the meal was comped.  

before heading to the restaurant I did a little "yelp" research to see what's good and a definite must try.  jaleo has a HUGE menu.  honestly I don't really remember too much about this meal except for a few items that stood out.  the cold almond lobster soup with grapes was a hit at the table.  cold soup?  who would've thought?  their hot soup, don't remember what it was, was memorable also.  I remember it was too salty!  another hit was the kusshi oysters with gin and tonic.  again, how do they know that was a good combo?  did someone spill some gin and tonic on some oysters?  I really really loved it.  other than that, everything else was either average or just plain forgettable.  I do remember eating some kind of beef and the paella.  

overall, it was just an average dinner, nothing special.  the service was great, very attentive but it's vegas.  it's all about the service.  I guess I shouldn't really complain since the dinner was free.  if it was free I would come back.  if I had to pay I'd probably just hit the buffet.
If you are looking for something lively, light, and trendy, give Jaleo a try.  It is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino on the Strip in Vegas.   The level with the restaraunts is all open to a common area with so it has an open feel.  It is rather load and a lot of movement between wait staff and servers, etc.  Tapas menu with prices ranging from $9 - $22 per plate.  We went for a light snack - ordered only 2 tapas but they accidently brought us a 3rd one: 

They waitress recommended about 3 tapas per person.  We only went with one since we had a very late lunch that day and really didn't want a full dinner.

Items sampled: Huevo frito con caviar - A fried organic egg topped with caviar over carmelized onion  $16 - which they slice and mix up at table) - it was served with crouton like toast.... I wouldn't have ordered it and the flavors were pretty mild.) We also had the Ostra Gin and tonic - Six oysters with lemon, gin and tonic $12 and the Vieiras con salsa de romesco (Seared scallops with romesco sauce) $10 -both of these items were tasty but nothing to go gaga over.

There is a private group room but other than than, would not say it's great for a big group due to the noise and you are seated really tight..
Randomly ended up here as me and my co-workers were looking for a quick bite before heading into Marquee. While a bit pricey for any tapas that I have been to, what do you expect? You're in The Cosmopolitan. My review is off only a few items so I will definitely be back to sample a few more things to see whether or not it goes down or not I had the bruschetta prosciutto and a cocktail (I forget the name) which had vodka, wine, blueberries, cucumber water, and some type of red syrup. The cocktail was really good, maybe too good. Was there any alcohol in there? I'm not sure but for reason I would order it again. I have had better bruschetta but what was really good was the one bite I had off of my co-worker's dish, veal cheeks. The meat with the puree just melted in your mouth. In a way, it reminded me of one of my favorite lunchtime dishes in elementary school, shredded turkey and mash potatoes, but in a more sophisticated way? While a little on the expensive side, I would be willing to come back next time I'm staying in hotel to try out some more of their items.
I've been to Jaleo in DC and definitely don't remember it being as good as my meal at Jaleo in Vegas recently. Food was solid, great lively atmosphere and people watching into Cosmpolitan :)

Service - good and fast!
Sangria - The white sangria is extremely unique (Cava, Gin and other deliciousness) I highly recommend it

Some favorites from the meal:

Croquetas - Best croquetas I've ever had
Carne Asada - Perfectly cooked and delicious

Other notes:

Patatas Bravas - More like potato chips than potatoes, a little non traditional

The one thing that was just "ok" was actually the paella! I like my rice al dente but I thought it was a little too al dente? The lobster meat over it made up for it though. So decadent!
A trendy open concept Spanish-fusion restaurant with light, tasty tapas located on the restaurant level (3rd floor) of the Cosmo Hotel, Vegas - ideal for groups, girls especially, looking for a light meal with some drinks. 

Dressed to the nines, my 3 girlfriends and I dined here before going to XS at Wynn. It's contemporary in design and concept, which made for great ambience. The service was slow and servers were not very attentive, but the tapas were all very good - light and tasty. I'd recommend 4-6 shared among four girls to feel comfortable. The menu items have Spanish headlines with descriptors in English, which made it a little more confusing then need be for selecting tapas, but that's just me being picky. In the end, it was exactly the type of restaurant we were looking for :)

Tapas we shared: See photos

- Seared salmon w/ cauliflower & raspberry puree, $9 | Unique & Flavourful - Highly Recommend!
- Classic chilled Spanish soup, $7 | Light, Summery, Refreshing - Recommend!
- Endives w/ goat cheese, oranges & almonds, $7 | Tasty, but very small & light (4 endive leafs)
- Spanish omelet, $8

- Popular Specialties: Pan con tomate w/ Serrano ham (This looked delish, wish we tried it!) and Paella (Jaleo's Signature)
Atmosphere:   trendy, hipster modern look.  Very open and spare.  Place is echo-y and noisy, which bothered me.

Service was pretty nice (when we got it), but somewhat spotty.  Our waitperson was nice and attentive most of the time.. but we had one long gap when we needed a lobster cracker.

Prices:  Friends treated us, which was so special, and we had a great time.  But had I been paying I would have been horrified at what I think are expensive prices for very small (but artfully done) portions.

Tapas:   Teeny, small and verrrry expensive.  But delicious. Had an egg with caviar, some excellent Gazpacho (I normally do not like gazpacho or cold soups, but this was soooooo good).  The presentation of the tapas is excellent, but I just find it silly that they are so tiny, especially for the price.

Paella of the night was Valencia.  Our friends who were treating opted instead to order a custom Paella (serves 6 and there were 5 of us) with lobster and calamari.  I think it cost $120.  It was outstanding.  Rice cooked just right, lobster fabulous.  It was also fun to stand near the Paella cooking station and watch them work their magic over open fires.  Paella took 30 minutes, but worth it.   

Drinks:   Did NOT like the red wine Sangria... too sweet and cloying.  Asked waitperson to recommend a Spanish red wine...  She brought me a glass of Vega Escal.  Excellent!  Smooth, full bodied, fruity, just right for the meal.  

Desserts wonderful too, but again small and very expsensive.  About the time we were chowing down on our chocolate flan, the place suddenly got jam crowded about 10:30pm.   It go soooo noisy, I was glad we were almost done.  (I guess us "old fogies" like to eat "early", like around 8:30pm)

Cosmopolitan Casino is outstanding, loved walking around enjoying the fabulous decorations, art, crystals surrounding the Chandelier bar, etc.   Nice that they had a pool table, foosball tables, etc. out in the open for anyone to use.

Young, hip crowd.   I am old and tired, but still enjoyed it.
Hubby and I were on the cusp between 3 and 4 stars for Jaleo and decided to round down, given we had to pick a direction.  This is Las Vegas, after all, and Jaleo has set itself up to be held to a high standard.  Summary of our experience last month to start for those who like to read the ending of a story first is this:   

Food:  5 Stars. 
Value: 4 Stars.  
Ambiance Main Dining room: 4 Stars.  
Ambiance Secondary (The Bull) Dining Room:  2 stars. 
Service: 2 Stars.   

It was AOK but not so "Yay" as a total package experience that we're eager to return.  Are we glad we went once?  Yes. 

FOOD & LIBATIONS:  These were the best part of our experience.  We're fans of tapas in general and chef Jose Andres' approach in particular.  We had high expectations for the food and we were not disappointed.  Creative menu, perfect execution by the kitchen with sophisticated and subtle flavors for each of our five (including dessert) choices.
  
The savories we enjoyed were:  1) potato croquettes (not to be missed), 2) salad with cipollini onions - blue cheese - clementines (delicious), 3) monkfish in parsley oil (intriguingly good) and  4) saute of mixed wild mushrooms and Spanish sausage (heavy on the mushrooms so just right for us). 

We chose a dessert special that was a wonderful combination of grapefruit sorbet and ice cream - top notch. 

Our beverage choice was house made Sangria. Don't scoff - we're normally not fans of Sangria either, but this was  good and a perfect complement to the food, not to mention most affordable. If don't try the Sangria we think you'll be missing out.

Portions were perfect - we could not have eaten any more but we would not have wanted any less. 

VALUE: A nice surprise about Jaleo for us was how affordable it was, by Las Vegas standards at least.  Our total meal for two before tip was just under $80. 

SERVICE:  Here the disappointment sets in - big time.  When we finally (you see where this is headed) placed our order, and asked to have the dishes delivered in a specific order, which we were assured would be no problem, our server said something about like this.  "You've ordered unusually well for first time guests at Jaleo.  That's probably because you needed to wait on us for such a long time to take your order that you were able to really study our menu."

TA-DUM

She may have thought that was funny; we weren't so sure. Because it is true that after being seated and offered water by the server's assistant (more on that in a minute) we waited better than 15 minutes before we saw a server at our table, in spite of two walking by us several times.  We finally had to flag an assistant down to ask to have someone wait on us.  And it's not as if we were tucked in a corner...being seated on the banquette under The Bull and all.

Then the food items were served out of order.  Which suggests inattention to coordination with the kitchen. Everyone can have a bad night.  Maybe the poor service quality here is not the norm, but it was particularly surprising given it was not quite 7p and the restaurant wasn't even half full.

One word of caution about an item that can run up your tab. When you're seated the server's assistant will ask if you would like water. Yes? Then you'll be asked if you'd prefer sparkling or flat. If you think flat means no charge, you'll be unpleasantly surprised when the bill arrives. If you want water without charge you'll need to specify, you will not be asked, "tap" water. We weren't the only table to feel "had" by that procedure. Fortunately we caught it in advance - the folks next to  us had the unhappy experience of learning the charge applied for water when they got their bill.  Were I making the management decisions here, for purposes of customer good will I'd make sure the fee for flat water was explained at the time the orders were taken.   It's a little thing - but it is a thing.

AMBIANCE:  The main dining room is where the open kitchen and bar are, and where the action is.  Unfortunately, if you want to sit at a table in this section you'll need to navigate high bar height seating.  (Although if you want to sit AT the bar, they do provide a couple of spaces of standard height seating.)  If you want a table with standard dining height seating, the secondary dining room it is.  More sedate and actually sort of absent decor, we would have elected the main dining area but for the high seating at tables.  I'm not sure that it is with high stool dining tables - they don't work great for smaller children, shorter adults, some older adults and in general women in heels and skirts trying to maintain decorum for a business discussion.  Standard height tables work for everyone.  Just sayin'.
Went here again last night. We had the Pork and Foie Gras Cannelloni with bechamel sauce and black truffle again. Still as good as ever and very yummy. Also, had the empanada cod brandade with honey, interesting, probably not my favorite but the cheese had a definite cod flavor which was unexpected or if it wasn't cheese it was very cheese like in texture. Also tried the eggplant and roasted red peppers, this had a very intense roasted flavor, and was good although I would preferred this as a bruschetta. And of course had to get the Iberico ham croquettas, I could eat these all day, although my cholesterol would not be happy if I did. 

I will say that my experience this time was not as good as last time, not due to the food but as it was very loud in the dining room in part due to a loud group of tourists one table over and the loud music wafting in from the hall area. I had to yell to communicate with the people I was with. Also, the waitress missed one order I placed, but they quickly brought it over once I drew their attention to it. I still think, that the food is far better than Julian Serrano, next door to the Cosmo, for the same price.
After eating at Julian Serrano in ARIA, I was somewhat disappointed by my dinner at Jaleo.  Food was consistently "good", but nothing we tried was "great".  The paella being made in plain sight is fun to watch, but it is annoying that smaller groups cannot order.  The fries served in shoes is creative, but doesn't really feel that appetizing to me.

Drinks were awesome though - I had Clara, which is beer mixed with homemade rosemary lemonade.  Would have preferred for a drink to not be the highlight of the meal.

Service was fine, although one of the bussers was literally sprinting through the restaurant to pick up plates multiple times, which was incredibly awkward and not relaxing to watch.  

I would go to Serrano 10 times out of 10 over Jaleo.
Being a Tapas aficionado, we were very interested in trying the "New Style" tapas offered at this new Tapas restaurant. Jose Andres didn't disappoint. There were so many outstanding dishes to tantalize our taste buds. Memorable were the Ferran Adria olives, worth another visit just for this plate. Pollo ajillo had an intense flavor that burst in your mouth but looked nothing like the traditional version. The service was exemplary, food arrived on the table when requested, the only reason that we had to give four stars is that it is a very noisy location.
A blast of yumminess in a sea of bland! Jaleo IS what it is cracked up to be! Been there twice in one month and have loved it more each time. The wait staff is informative and friendly, the food is amazing! 

We have sampled almost everything on the menu - from that yummy friend egg/caviar dish to the chicken croquettes served in a shoe - and we have not been disappointed! Try everything - the servings are perfect, the portions just right - and of course being tapas - you never leave feeling like you are stuffed to the gills - not like other restaurants where you have too much food served to you and you are stuck with what you got! my husband and I so enjoy the setting and the service - cannot wait to go back again! 

The only thing i would suggest is to turn the music down just a tad. Sitting across from each other, we have to almost scream to be heard. 

The prices are reasonable (filling dinner for two, 2 glasses of wine each and tip came to $130) and dinner for 4 of us was $280. 

Try it!!!! You will LOVE it and never understand why Tapas is NOT more popular everywhere!!!
Energetic, bright, causal ambiance. If you are a pork fan, this is your spot. Mojitos were refreshing and fruity. Comes on small plates which is good for sharing a good group. We had the following and all was ordered twice do to small portions (our group was 6 hungry)
Cordero a la brasa con salsa de romero (lambchop) 
Gambas al ajillo (grilled shrimp)
Dátiles con tocino 'como hace todo el mundo'(date wrapped bacon)
Tortilla de patatas al momento* (spanish omelet) MY FAVORITE
Arroz de pato 'Jean-Louis Palladin' (duck)
Patatas bravas *(fries) MY FAVORITE
I don't think this restaurant deserves anything but 5 stars, considering the food, atmosphere, decor, and service.  I came here with my family with a reservation, so I don't know how long the wait is for a walk-in.  I would recommend having a reservation just in case though.  I loved almost all the food we ordered, and I believe we had a LOT of what was on the menu.  I could tell the dishes were very innovative.  Some combinations that I wouldn't ever think would go together complimented each other very well.  For example, dates and bacon.  That pretty much blew my mind.  The tiny little chicken wings were cute, something I've never seen.  They also served an appetizer in their "Spanish" shoes.  Not exactly what the Chinese culture is accustomed to...but I thought it was interesting!  I even had the deep fried shrimp dipped in aioli sauce, and I never normally eat shrimp. 

The decor was very modern, which matches the entire atmosphere of the Cosmopolitan.  Even the walls have these dotted patterns on it on a white canvas.  The pillows had colorful different patterns that somehow matched together very well.

My only disappointment:  the main dish, seafood and lamb paella.  I realize that the rice is supposed to be slightly under cooked, but it also lacked in taste.  Overall it was not on par with all the little appetizers we had, and nobody in my family enjoyed it.  What I did love is the fact that when we expressed our opinion about the dish, our server took off one of the orders (since we ordered two dishes).  Considering even my 80 year old, very traditional grandma still liked all the things we ordered, this restaurant is definitely great.  I'm not going to lie, I have no idea what we ordered, but I don't think you can go wrong with all the little dishes.

If anything, it's my favorite way to eat, because you get to taste a little bit of everything!
Salty Salty Salty. 

I've been to Barcelona, Madrid and Valencia, and one thing you cannot go wrong in Spain is Tapas. I've been to the Jamon joints and couldnt believe how good the food was...

So hearing this place had tapas and had a renowned chef...me and my gf decided to go to this place and test it out. It was free meal on a Cosmopolitan invite, so we said why not.

First to start the wine was great, and spanish wine always gets me in the food mood. Second we placed our order for several tapas.

While in Spain we loved the Patatas Bravas...and boy we were excited... Wuah Wuah Wuah... not only was it a liberal version of Patatas Bravas - it was salty...and it was pretty much like Potatoe Chips covered in Bravas sauce. MAN How the F can you get this wrong...its a standard in any Spanish Tapas joint...

Well to say the least it went downhill from there. I felt like each tapas I ate I was eating a salt cube. Yeah it was that bad, so bad that when we left Vegas I felt like I was on a salt binge. Whats worse is that the Jamon that we had was supposed to be good...man the cheaper ones in Spain blew this piece of ham out of the water. Yes we bought some from Corte Ingles in Barcelona and brought them home and they were better than this $17 plate.

Well to say it...we won't be going back....sorry it just failed miserably.
Came in on a Wednesday night right at five, which was less busy than the Friday, and ordered lobster paella right off the bat.  My friend and I also ordered jamon and Jose's tuna salad bocadillos to come in between - absolutely scrumptious.  Best sandwiches I've had in town yet.  They come tightly rolled between two baguette-like pieces of bread and pack a powerful combination of flavor and satisfaction. 

The paella rice was properly cooked this time around and soaked up the nice lobster flavor well. It also came with garlic mayonnaise which complemented the lobster and rice very nicely.

Service was polite, fast, and friendly like last time. My new favorite restaurant in town!
I was out for a friend's birthday and she chose Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan. I had never heard of it and love Spanish tapas, so I was all about it!  

It was a Friday night and we couldn't get seated until 10:30 (We checked at 8:00) We put our names on the waiting list and went to the chandelier bar for a few drinks. Can't say that waiting for our table was awful. When you have good company and a cool place like the chandelier bar, time seems to go by pretty fast. We headed upstairs just in time to be seated. The restaurant was jam packed. It's to be expected, the Cosmopolitan hasn't even been open a year and everyone wants to know what it's all about....the stores, the bars and most certainly the restaurants! 

We were seated "outside" the actual restaurant. We were seated at the very last table - which leads right to the elevators and hotel rooms. This ended up being the best table possible! Far enough away so the restaurant clatter wasn't muffling our conversation, but still close enough so the staff was attentive and thorough. This also allowed my favorite Las Vegas past time....PEOPLE WATCHING! The jaw-dropping, eye-opening, laugh out loud out-of-towners are most certainly a sight to see! Our server and food runners were very polite, friendly, comical and efficient! One of the food runners picked up an empty glass and ended up dropping it and thus shattering it into pieces. Instead of getting flustered, he made himself the butt of the joke by saying "JOB OPENING!" I thought that was a great display of his character. 

So far all seems well and you are probably wondering why I rated Jaleo only 3 stars?! First, let me be up front with you...Mama's on a budget!! So I knew going in that I didn't want to spend a lot of money and that I would be ordering my own tapas for self consumption as opposed to the family-style sharing. I told the table that I was doing my own thing and everyone was fine with that. I can't remember what everyone else ordered, but it was quite a bit! I ordered two items off the menu. I started with Manzana con hinojo y queso Manchego (Sliced apple and fennel salad with Manchego cheese, walnuts and Sherry dressing) Only $9....budget friendly, gotta love it! The size was surprising - but then again, it was meant for sharing. It wasn't small and it wasn't even medium...but decently sized. As I waited for my second item, the rest of the table had dishes coming out. I wish I could recall what the heck they ordered that came in a sneaker. YES PEOPLE....A SNEAKER! What about a sneaker suggests a food item would be more appetizing while residing in an opening of foot apparel? Yes, it was clean. Yes, it was brand new (at least from the looks of it), but why, OH WHY, would you deliver a dish in a sneaker and then say "I thought you'd enjoy it more in my gym shoe." I get that it was meant to be comical, but I just didn't get why it would be served in a sneaker in the first place. I was eagerly anticipating my Carne asada con piquillos Julián de Lodosa (Grilled hanger steak with piquillo pepper confit). I though for $14, it would be a decent size...especially for family-style sharing. This is where my hugest disappointment resides. The dish was horribly undersized. It was one small piece of hanger steak that was cut into fourths. The pepper was a least two times the size of the steak....would you like some steak with that pepper? I understand that the portion sizes are meant to be more of a tasting menu, but you would think that they would give you a little more, especially with a family-style setting. It was quite delicious and it left me wanting more....oh the inner workings of the restaurant business to get you to spend more of your hard earned dough! 

Overall, it was a decent experience. I'd say have dinner somewhere else (more reasonably priced) and if you want to snack later, it would be suitable.
Yes, so this place is quite good. But, It's definitely not a "must-go-back-or-ill-die" type of place.

Pan con Tomate- 5 star (Hate bruscetta but this is a good situation)
A selection of all their Spanish cured meats:  I had 5 different hams and chorizo. I only like two a lot. Personally didn't like Iberico Hamon in Spain so this is personal preference.

Endives w/ goat cheese - 4.7 star
Patatas Bravas (potato chips w/ spicy tomato sauce) -  3 star
Croquetas de Jamon (ham croquettes) - 5 star 
Gambas al Ajillo (Garlic shrimp) -  2 star (black poo strings weren't removed. was rubbery. Flavor was bland. It said "very very famous" so i ordered. More like very very typical and plain. 
Pulpo a la Gallega (Boiled octopus w/ pee wee patatas) -  2 star 
Lightly battered eggplant w/ molasses -  5 star (tastes like sweet potato)
Canelones stuffed w/ pork and chicken w/ bechamel sauce -  2 star. Was too heavy for me.
I've been in semi-Yelp retirement since about halfway through this pregnancy, but Jaleo was so awesome, I figured they deserve a review.

It's inside the Cosmopolitan, so obviously, the atmosphere is pretty cool. The decor is very hip and it's a little loud inside. Our reservations were honored with no problems, service was prompt and efficient, and the plates were brought out in "ascending" order, as they should be. The wine list is shown to you on an ipad, which is kinda cool, or kinda trying too hard, whichever you think.

I thought the best part was that everybody in our party of four left happy. There were veggie lovers, seafood lovers, and meat lovers, and everybody raved about the food.

As far as I can remember, this is what we had (with english names):
pan con tomate with cheese (good, but nothing exciting)
chorizo (excellent)
endives with goat cheese (loved)
gazpacho (best ever - could have eaten way more)
chorizo wrapped in potatoes and fried (awesome - like a fancy snack food, favorite of the table)
chicken croquettes (very good - don't know why they came in a shoe and neither did the waiters)
egg with caviar and onions (very good, but I wish there were less onions - they totally overpowered the caviar)
veal cheeks with potatoes (awesome)
skirt steak (very good)
bottle of wine (don't remember what it was, but it was something none of us had ever had, recommended by the waiter)

Even with all that, our bill was less than $200!

I have been to Bazaar in LA and, while I found the concepts there very interesting, I much prefered Jaleo, and the prices are way cheaper.
Don't go to this place expecting to feed your tummy. The portions are horribly small and EXPENSIVE for what you can get at other places.

Fancy place but it sucks!!!

Save your money and go to the Wynn instead!
Had a bachelorette dinner here with 22 girls. Our table was ready within 10-15 minutes of arrival with a nice view of the cooking station. We had a set menu that had the bachelorettes name along the top. The food and presentation was excellent; however, the only presentation I did not particularly like was the croquettes that came out in paper in a tennis shoe. Even though I know the shoe was clean, it still grossed me out a bit. Tennis shoes shouldn't be on a table. Period.  It did take a little while between some of the tapas to come out. I was starving. Everything had great flavor!  The sparking mojito...mmmm!

For me, everything tasted wonderful!
Beautiful presentation, creative dishes, fun to experience, too expensive for the amount of food received. I shared a chocolate dessert that was insanely small and didn't even allow for sharing. Love the Cosmopolitan, love Jose Andres, love the concept. I even love tapas. But the portions need to increase to match the price.
Really enjoyed it.  We ordered for two:
*Gazpacho-great flavor.
*Ajo blanco- interesting chilled soup with crab.  The soup alone was slightly sour.  It definitely tasted better with a grape or raisin piece with each bite.
*Ostra gin and tonic- yummy oysters
*Empanadillas de brandada de bacalao-  I did not know what brandade was and was expecting something akin to boccailitos (Puerto RIcan Cod fritters).  these were even better than I thought they would be!
*Remolacha con cítricos- Love beets
*Salmon tartare and roe cone- a little saltier than I would prefer, even though I love salmon roe.
*Bocadillos with Iberico jamon- good, filling.
*Traditional flan- good for sharing, though you probably want your own.
*Sangria- refreshing.  
*Jasmine tea- good at first, then tastes overbrewed when you get to the rest of the pot.
Service was good.  It was starting to slow down after we got there.  
Prices were reasonable.  Portions are small, and the server is very clear to mention that in case you are not aware of what tapas are.  
I was very excited to eat at a Jose Andres restaurant and would eat here again in a heartbeat.  Now to start saving up to eat at the Bazaar.
Can't believe I forgot to review this.  I was there when they opened first day last xmas.  We were fortunate to be there for their soft opening.  I loved the atmosphere, decor, and of course the food.  Definitely my favorite spanish tapas place in town.
I ate here with a friend of mine, we thought we would try something different. First thing is the place is loud and very open when you first walk by but once you get in there to be seated  you are crammed in there. You can basically reach over the someone else's table and grab their food literally...LOL it was a  weekend night.
 The service was impeccable, the food being tapas is obviously small portions but very delicious. I would go there again for the price and the taste but I would make sure I go on a weekday night.
We came, we saw, we ate...and ate...and ate.  We arrived as a large party of 50 and the service we received matched that of a group of maybe 4 or 5.  The waitstaff was attentive and on top of things the entire evening.  

As for the food, it was top notch.  We had a variety of tapas and dishes that had the entire group raving.  My favorites included the salt potatoes, garlic shrimp, snap pea salad and vegetarian paella which was served in a pan the size of a small car.  It was spicy, flavorful and worth a try.  From what I was told, the house Sangria was also a high point.  Overall, a fantastic spot in a fabulous hotel!
We ordered the:

1) Fried dates wrapped in bacon - overdone (a bit disappointing)
2) Grilled hanger steak with piquillo pepper confit - cooked just right and very juicy
3) shrimp sautéed with garlic - bring some gum because you're going to need it after this dish, but still worth it
4) Seared scallops with romesco sauce - i love scallops that just melt in your mouth, also well prepared

Good vibe and atmosphere.  Service is helpful with menu suggestions and drinks are strong.
As mentioned by others the "Jose's Gin and Tonic" truly is a thing of beauty. It is Hendricks Gin, finished in a large Bordeaux style wine glass (or so it seemed) and poured skillfully over a spherical ice cube.. said to "keep the cocktail at an even temperature throughout the life of the drink" .. and so it did. Garnished with Juniper leaves and berries, it was really the most beautiful Gin and Tonic I have had.. (ive had many, many...)and at $17 a pop, you would want nothing less. 

This was not my first time at Jaleo, but it was definitely the most thorough meal I have experienced in the establishment. Usually a bite or two of a small plate or three, and I'm golden with cocktails and good company. 

This time it was all that and more with the addition of some fantastic roasted lamb and house paella.. which this night was rabbit, chicken and vegetable. Finished with the most excellent custard dessert served aside a citrus spuma and orange 'ice-cream'.. it was a perfect pairing with glass of 15 yr aged Spanish sherry. Couldn't have asked for more in the flavor department. 

You must be prepared to drop a hefty dime or two for all the small plates and large plates that create an experience such as I have described, but I do believe it is worth it. (Our bill was just shy of two Benjamin's) We were left with smiles on our faces and a great experience at a fantastically flavorful favorite on the Las Vegas Strip. Go Go Go!
amazing restaurant. get the secret' Iberian pork cooked over olive wood. maybe the best pork dish i ever had. some dishes were a miss for our group, but found a lot of winners. they put a spin on most of the traditional tapas from spain. keep that in mind if you get something different then you expect.
If you are in the market for overpriced appetizers, don't feel like talking to your date (the restaurant is so loud, conversation is virtually impossible), and don't care much for superior service..this is the place to be! 

Modern decor, sleek lines, and simplicity make up this restaurant's design. It's an open eating area where passers by get a full view of all restaurant patrons and their parties. 

If you could have just thrown in a screaming child at the table beside us, that would have completed the excessive noise level quota for the evening...Loud music, restaurant staff hustle and bustle, people talking over each other, it was impossible to hold a conversation even with the person sitting right next to you. 

Two people, fixed menu came to approximately $150. Doesn't sound bad for a "Cosmopolitan" dining establishment, right? Well, let me run down the "list" of items I consumed for my $75 worth of food: 

An (as in, one) olive 
A (as in, one) bite of beet *cringe* salad 
(2) potato and onion fried thingies (served in a shoe; weird) 
(3) bites of desert 
(3) glasses (small) of sangria 

As filling as my $75 meal was *insert extreme sarcasm here*, my friends and I ended up in a drive thru line later that evening..
My new fav restaurant in Vegas.  Eclectic and yummy.  The best sangria too.  A must go!
Surprenant restaurant de tapas dans le très bel Hotel Cosmopolitan de Las Vegas . Les tapas sont originales et excellentes . Comptez 3 environ par personne. Service excellent également . Prix 80 dollars par personne environ vin inclus.
Everyone was telling me how good the food is but can be pricy.
Well I ordered the paella and few other dishes, and really was bit disappointed.  The presentation and service is amazing but as far as the taste of food and the quality of meat they use is not impressive for me at all.   

Plus the place is super loud.  I guess its good but definitely if you wish to have a nice conversation with friends.
I'll start off with the good. The sangria is amazing and the food is delicious, the decor and ambiance really goes well together but that doesn't outweigh the things I was greatly displeased with. To start off with the restaurant doesn't even have it's name on the outside, how is it people are suppose to find the place if it isn't label? Is it suppose to be a secret that only a certain group of people know about? I only found it after walking around the third floor of the Cosmopolitan and using the process of elimination to figure out that particular restaurant must be Jaleo. Once we got our seats, I might was well be eating with the other patrons surrounding me, that's how close, cramp and loud it is!

Our waitress was very pleasant she took the time to explain the menu to us and handed us an iPad to order drinks. So what was the point of the iPad drink menu? Absolutely nothing! Basically it's a 300 dollar drink menu. You're suppose to scroll through the different cocktails, wines, beers...etc and you show your selections to your server which he/she writes down on a pad of paper. It's not like your sending your order electronically to the bar...because that would make too much sense. 

So after you waste your time trying to rationalize the use of the iPad drink menu it's time to order the food. Ironically this doesn't involve another iPad. So we ordered six things off the menu, 3 for the each of us.  Now I've been to other tapas restaurants before and when you order a couple of things off a menu the server does their best to try to get as many plates to you as possible so they can get you in and out. Well apparently that's not part of Jaleo's business model. Their model seems to work as let's wait 15 to 20 minutes before each plate comes out. Keep in mind that we had a show to attend across the street at Planet Hollywood at 9pm and I was required to pick up the tickets by 8pm, our reservation was at 6pm. So an hour and half goes by and still we didn't get our 6th plate, apparently the waitress or the kitchen staff totally forgot, so the restaurant manager reassured us that the dish would be out in a few moments. 10 minutes went by and still nothing, keep in mind it was a pasta dish...nothing super complicated! Eventually we got frustrated with the wait time and demanded the check, they of course they didn't charge us for the dish they couldn't get to us in time.  As I was signing my credit card receipt the manager came up to us again and reassured us better service if we were to come back, by that time I handed him my opinion on the "How Are We Doing?" suggestion pad. I pretty much wrote to him how lousy the food service was. Overall, stay away from this place. There are many tapas restaurants in Las Vegas, I still prefer Fire Fly.

The food we ordered were:

Hamburguesa de Ibérico
Berenjenas con miel de caña al estilo Malagueño
Gambas al ajillo
Pollo al ajillo con salsa verde
Papas arrugás
'Rossejat' - the dish that never arrived.
My friends and I were in Vegas, and decided to grab a quick bite to eat.  I had no idea who owned this restaurant...but when the olives came out, I thought, "this tastes like Bazaar in LA."  Sure enough, I realized it was a Jose Andres restaurant.  The food was amazing...and service was great.  We sat up at the communal bar area, so it was fast and casual.  The Pan con tomate tasted like the ones I ate in Spain.  

I also of course had to order Jamón Ibérico de bellota Fermin, which was heaven.  This is a must, because it is freshly sliced paper thin but packed with flavor.

We also ordered the bacon wrapped dates (yum!) and Patatas bravas (delicious).  I know there have been a few complaints of this place being overpriced- which it may seem to be in a strip mall and being so casual...however, in comparison to what you pay at Bazaar for Jose Andres, I think it was all very well worth it!  I also think it was the most authentic Spanish food I have eaten.
S A L T Y 
Not sure what all the hype is about, the food is less then average, very salty . The service is less then average. The waiter could not tell me if the Cod fish is Gray Cod or Black Cod "its just a Cod"... you would expect a knowledgeable staff in a restaurant that claims to be gourmet. Maybe the chef is a smoker I am not sure but we felt like every single dish was just loaded with Salt. The
The decor is beautiful and it is the only thing that should get 5 starts for this restaurant. Very disappointing since we made reservation to this restaurant prior to our arrival to LV.
What a surprise when I spoke with my parents they said Jaleo let them dine their with their 2 maltese pups!  Granted, they were seated at one of the outer tables, but how fantastic!  We'll be back with ours!
sooo good, that i ate there twice in one week!
i've eaten at so many tapas restaurants, this one is at the top of my list
pan tomate!!! not many tapas restaurants serve this in the SF bay area...Jaleo's reminds me of the tapas restaurants in sevilla and barcelona!

i'll update this review with food details later
now need to get a reservation at "E" and plan another mini-holiday in sin city!

I thinks it's funny that they play the song from jose andres show at the restaurant
I like this place. The food isn't mind blowing, but if you're looking to keep things light before hitting the town, Jaleo has a place.

I'd almost give it a relative 5 stars if not for the fact that the plates seem 'inefficiently' priced. Why does the quail pretty much cost the same as the mussels which costs the same as the eggs+caviar which costs the same as the croquetas?

Also, I don't get the random use of sneaks as a serving piece for the croquetas (see other Yelpers' pics). It's not even a nice shoe, thing looked like it had been actually worn. Also, our first order came in a normal (mini) frying basket while the second came in the shoe.

What? Did the kitchen staff not have enough time to put on and break in a few more pairs of kicks, so they felt the need to conserve?
EXTREMELY SMALL PLATES, now I know this is tapas but this was smaller than your average tapas in my opinion! We ate without a reservation and sat on the outside of the restaurant by the "foosball table".  That was cool, we chose not to sit at the foosball table but right next to it because we had our 7 month old son who was in the stroller. Sitting where we sat it was not intimate and there was a feeling like you were a tad excluded from the restaurant itself. I was not impessed at all with the tapas, but my husband liked it very much; so maybe it is a tastebuds thing. I am not saying this restaurant is horrible, but in my opinion it was just ok. We did not order drinks so I am not sure if there is a full bar or not so I marked not sure... Our waitress was very nice but for the  taste, I feel you can do better in Vegas.
If you are looking for a "Bazaar experience," you will probably be disappointed.  Jaleo has a more casual atmopshere.  The food is satisfying but never reaches the next level of impressing your taste buds.

chorizo appetizer - tasty bite size sausage
fried egg with caviar - was expecting a lot more 
chicken fritters - serving it in a shoe is not creative, just odd
shrimp sauteed in garlic - not bad, a little too oily
fried dates wrapped in bacon - again, not bad

grilled hangar steak - probably the best thing we had, quite good

the salad and paella were also good.
This is the place to go when in Vegas...the food is unexplainable..its that good...hell that great. The service was beyond awesome, and again the food was even better, i ate at least 10 different item and had room for the Flan...DON'T LEAVE WITH OUT EATING THE FLAN...you wont regret it.
I am a huge fan of Jose Andres.  I love his personality and his quirkiness toward food and culture.  With that said, when I came to Vegas, I instantly wanted to come here and try this out.

We grabbed a couple of small dishes, which included jamon, rossejat (pasta and shrimp on paella), and ... well, I can't remember the rest.  Because you see, my mind was drowining with the sangria, and I seemed to forget the rest of the night.

On the other hand, I can vaguely remember that although the food was delicious, I still had an enjoyable experience at another Spanish restaurant in the East Coast with their jamon and red wine.  This is still the closest I can get to a decent jamon without travelling all the way to the other side, so this'll do.

Also, I expected a somewhat quiet sit-down.  Yeah, right.
When going to Jaleo, you need to remember the following things (and if some of the other reviewers had, they might have had a better experience):

1. This is Vegas. Everything is overpriced. The sooner you realize that, the sooner you can accept it, move on, and enjoy yourself. Considering everything on the strip is overpriced, Jaleo really isn't that pricey.

2. You're at a TAPAS restaurant. Everything is small plates. That's the point. Don't expect a huge, Hash House portion of jamón ibérico and croquetas, and you won't be disappointed. The whole idea is to order a bunch of small plates and share among friends. It's social! It's fun!

3. This is a a José Andres place. Andres is into molecular gastronomy and generally screwing around with food to make it fun, playful, whimsical even. Croquetas in a shoe? Bring it on! And please, like the health department would let them use worn shoes? Come on.

I went for my birthday dinner with my best friend, and it was awesome. I'll admit I have a bit of a culinary crush on José Andres, so I was preconditioned to love it, but it really was great. Loved the sangria, the croquetas were practically orgasmic, the dates were magical, and that was hands down the best damn flan I've ever had in my life. And I'm a big girl--I've had my share of flan over the years. The patatas bravas aren't traditional--they really are like thick chips--but they still taste like the real thing. 

None of these things is necessarily "revolutionary", but they're really effing tasty.

Our waitress was great, but the kitchen staff forgot about one of our dishes, so it took forever. (No matter, I'm a fan of the slow meal.) Another busser brought us someone else's croquetas by mistake, but our waitress let us have them anyway. "Well, someone screwed up, but they're on the house, so enjoy!" The kicker is that in my mango sorbet, I found a tiny piece of plastic that came from the container they stored it in. Lucky for Jaleo, I'm pretty hard to piss off in a restaurant. I told the waitress, she brought the manager over--the GM, not the shift manager, he explained what happened, I said it was cool (I'd also had a fair amount of that delicious sangria), then when we got the check, they'd knocked off a more than decent portion of it for all the tiny hiccups.

Hiccups aside, it was a great meal. I'll be back, but with more people so we can try everything on the menu. It's casual, but classy. Definitely a fan!
Was recommended by a friend and I'd give it 5 stars great service and awesome nearly sublime tapas!  We had the fresh gazpacho soup, smooth and packed with flavor, carne asada We ordered 3 more need I say anything else about that?  Fried shimp with lemon Aioli and a black salt that was amazing. The ham and chicken croquettes were very tasty but a bit  creamy for me.  We also had a sliced ham platter and it was great too!  Our server was Bryan who was friendly and attentive, they had food runners so no one waited for anything`.  I will definitely go back again!  
Only downside ..is that parking at the Cosmopolitan Hotel is a bit tricky, because of confusing signage and traffic control.   We were late so we valeted however even  going out we found it chaotic .  I felt like I was in a big city like Manhattan with horns blowing etc LOL  its almost as if they expected fewer drivers and more pedestrians or just vacationers!  All that said it was still very well worth it!
Had a good dinner here and its worth trying but I probably wouldn't go back because.....hell, its Vegas and there are so many restaurants that I'd like to try.  There are really only a couple that are my "standards" that I always go to when I'm in town.  

I spent a little time in Spain and fell in love with Tapas, but to me, Tapas is also an atmosphere and this is Vegas and its trendy and not as enjoyable as being in a small bar in Spain eating some great Tapas that were just made.  I'm used to the menu being written on a small chalkboard or on the wall and not a fancy menubook or a wine list on an iPad.

Nevertheless, there are some great dishes here worth trying.
1.  Olives/liquid olives - the kalamata liquid olive concoction was fun and tasty and we laughed when the little olive balls popped open.  As long as you like olives, you should get these.
2.  Veal cheeks - if you are weary about eating these, stop reading this, turn off your computer, and go get a plain ol' burger you loser...these were really awesome.  One of the girls in our party got really upset when the waitress took the plate and there was still a little bit of potato and sauce left in the bowl.  Bummer.  We shared this with a group of four and it was perfect because given the richness, any more than a couple of bites would have been overkill and there was more food to try.  But I would order this every time I come to Jaleo.
3.  Ham fritters - delicious.  Why would you want to get chicken here?
4.  Bacon wrapped dates - I get these whenever I see them on a menu and they were great here.
5.  Skirt steak - reminded me of when I was in Spain because a piece of skirt steak, with some roasted red peppers, and frites was a staple meal.  Would have been happy if I didn't have to share this one.
6.  Paella - it was the lobster one.  They make one large batch(of varying ingredients) every 45 minutes or so, so you can get the one just made hopefully, or wait a short while and get some after some other tapas.  We started out with this and it was just okay.  I would just rather order Paella at a restaurant that specialized in that, so you get the pan and a chance at the socarrat, because it was a little cold and just tasted okay.  If you don't know what socarrat is, google it...its important.
7.  Chorizo - tasted good but not wowed.
8.  Bread with tomato and Manchego - okay, but would rather have just had some Manchego by itself.  

We did have a nice bottle of Albarino that ran about 100 bucks.  While Patatas Bravas is an absolute for me when I go out for Tapas, they don't make them the traditional way here and I appreciate our server letting us know that.  So we passed on those this time.

I would recommend swinging by for a little wine and a few tapas before dinner somewhere else(see above list/Top 5).  The restaurant smells fantastic which is almost worth a short visit in of itself.  Don't bother with the paella.  Save room for other stuff.
I have never been a big fan of Jaleo in DC and Bethesda, Maryland but perhaps I need to revisit those places.  Jose Andres has hit a grand slam with this place.  I only had a chocolate flan dessert and some cafe con leche with rum, but what a dish!  This place reminds me of the energy in Las Vegas before the fall of the stock market.  It is filled by beautiful people and high energy in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The open pit restaurant with the paella is something I am dying to try.  This place is a winner!!!
I was very excited to come here since it is a Jose Andres restaurant. I love his approach towards cooking and his attitude in general. 

The restaurant is set up a little strange since the front area is open right into the hotel hallway. It made it feel a little bit like a mall food court. I did like that the kitchen was open and you could watch them make the paella in those huge iron bowls over an open fire. 

We ordered up some cocktails while we choose which plates to order, the menu is large, so this took some time. After, the cocktails we ordered a pitcher of sangria because what goes better with tapas? 

Some of the plates we ordered were the gazpacho, toasted bread with manchego, roasted red peppers, scallops, hanger steak, and a chicken dish. The dish that stood out to me was the gazpacho. 

The drinks and the food left me a little underwhelmed. None of the plates were really exciting or inventive to me. They all tasted good, but nothing was outstanding. Maybe I was expecting too much?
The first time I was at the Cosmo, Jaleo looked like the place to be...it felt the same so my coworker & I settled for this restaurant for a Sunday evening dinner.  We were able to get seated immediately, which wasn't the case at other restaurants nearby.  

My "geeky" coworker was impressed w/ the bar menu available via iPad!
We had a couple of staff approach our table both offering different recommendations which is probably a good thing...Overall, service was kinda weird.  We felt like our waitress gave us weird looks after leaving our table.  And we didn't have any weird or off the wall requests.  
I ordered the Sangria - it was served with fruit already in the glass, it was ok.  My coworker didn't mention a peep of the Shirley Temple.  
We shared a bunch of dishes from the extensive menu.  
Pan Con Serrano - probably the best dish of the evening
Setas al Ajillo
Tomato Salad
Sopa Ajo Blanco
Datiles
Lobseter Paella
Rape Donostiarra

Nothing really stood out and we ordered a lot of food!  We perused the dessert menu but nothing stood out and we were way too full.
After dining at e' in May, I was looking foward to eating in the main restaurant that houses e'- Jaleo. Me and my new wife shared I believe nine courses and seven were slam-bang. Chorizo wrapped with crispy potato chips, salmon tartare in cones, bread with tomato and anchovie, dungeoness crab- stuffed piquillo peppers, garlic soup with egg, jamon iberico (the really good stuff from the acorn-fed black-footed pigs- forget the exact Spanish name) are just some of the wonderful food we had there. It was an exciting progression of courses akin to a tasting menu that we shared- for a fraction of the price of a michelin- starred restaurant. With drinks, I'm actually shocked that all this great food and the tip ended up being less than $200.
well, my expecation was high for an expensive tapas restauarant by a world famous Chef/Restaurateur like José Andrés. the decor was fun-swank but for the price the menu was just OK. the acorn-fed pig ham they serve is tasty but lacking bang for the buck. A significant factor in the overall lacking experience was the layout of the restaurants at the Cosmopolitan. It felt like an overpriced food court that lacked the intimacy I expected from a swank hotel like Cosmo. The food was decent but resembled an expensive gimmick on the rich success of Tapas dining.
I rarely write yelp reviews but feel that my review may be helpful here. I'm shocked that this restaurant is getting a 3.5 yelp average (which typically means a mediocre restaurant), as I just had one of the best meals of my life here and for a price that was incredibly reasonable. I eat out a VERY nice meal almost every week for work travel and compare this restaurant to that set. The dishes at Jaleo were creative with astonishing and successful combinations of flavors and ingredients.

I had:

1. Beet salad (best I've ever had by far)
2. Wild mushrooms with potato puree (delicious)
3. Shrimp sautéed in garlic (plate-licking good)
4. Spinach with pine nuts, raisins, and apples (simple but loved it)
5. For desert, flan (a masterpiece, sensational)

Also had a nice glass of wine and coffee. I was stuffed and the pre-tip bill was only $65, which I considered a bargain given the amount of food and the quality.

A sense of the creativity-- the beet salad was served with beets three ways (raw, boiled, & fried). Any of these 5 dishes, I would have raved about at another restaurant. To get 5 such dishes in one meal blew me away! I can't wait to go back.

Other comments/suggestions: The restaurant is busy and a bit clubby in feel, so it's loud though it may vary somewhat depending where you sit. The food comes out when ready, so if you want to stage your meal (e.g., appetizers then main), order in stages, not all at once. With such a large selection, it can help to ask for the waiter's favorites and the most popular dishes across the menu.

This absolutely deserves a 4.5 rating on yelp; I've yet to go to any restaurant that I felt deserved a 5. 

Overall - loved it, highly recommend it, and wish they'd open one in LA!
I went to Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan with a bachelorette party full of girls with fairly different tastes and palates.  But our tastes were able to converge and Jaleo was a universal hit on food and flavor.

The dishes I remember ordering included pan con tomate, tortilla de patatas, vieras con romesco (scallops), bacalao fritters, eggplant and honey, croquetas, and lobster paella.  I know we got more but I think it's probably telling that I don't recall the other dishes.  While I have always wanted to go to a Jose Andres place and I love tapas, I feel like tapas are so commonplace that I really wasn't sure how this place could surprise.  But I was wrong.  Some of the flavor combinations truly were unique, surprisingly, and foodgasm delicious.  The standouts were the bacalao fritters and lobster paella.  The sweetness of the honey mixed with the cod was delicate, comforting and unusual in the most delightful way.  And the lobster paella made me want to lick the plate clean.  It had perfectly balanced seasonings, juicy perfectly cooked lobster meat, and was just spectacular.  Everyone was vying for more paella.  

Ultimately we were all extremely pleased with the quality of the food and how affordable our bill came out to be.  The only notes that marred the experience were the overly sweet sangria (not worth getting) and our waitress who had a little bit of an attitude and could have been far more attentive.  But the food is more than worth a visit.  Now I'm dying to try the Jaleo in DC and see if it compares!
If your into small plates, eclectic menu, and exciting atmosphere then this is the place.  Chef Andres never disappoints.  I have been to multiple restaurants and all please the senses.   Jaleo is traditional spanish tapas with Chef variation to some classics.   I always have a charcuterie plate of iberico and idiazabol cheese then compliment with their bread topped with tomatoes.   My go to dish is always the potatoes cooked in salt water to a crisp, then dipped in two sauces.
There are a lot of higher-end restaurants on the strip, but this is one that's worth seeking out, especially if you're with a group of friends.  It's noisy, bright, fun, and not intimate at all, but the food is as tasty (and creative) as any Tapas restaurant I've been to.  

When we sat down they handed us an iPad-like tablet with their wine list.  Not really a wine person but I am easily amused so I had fun perusing their wine list this way.  The waiter did recommend a Rioja that we both liked.

Highlights of our meal include the Jamon Iberico, the Serena con membrillo, and the berenjenas con miel de caña al estilo Malagueño (fried eggplant).  Oh, and the croquetas.  Actually, everything off the fried section of the menu was incredibly delicious.  The only flop of the night was the Tortilla de patatas (omelet) which was flavorless.

My wife & I spent about $150 including drinks, desert and coffee, and left feeling very full & happy.  Highly recommended.
How do you choose a restaurant on the Las Vegas strip when there are so many stellar ones?  This one came as a recommendation from a trusted foodie friend.  He was spot on.  

My husband and I had a delicious and fun late night dinner here.  The energy was great, not too loud to talk, but vibrating and exciting.  The service could have been a little more friendly, but that's my only complaint.  The wine list comes to you on an iPad, and unfortunately, I'm not a Spanish wine expert, so I picked a Rioja, one I am familiar with.  It was nice and decently priced.  We moved on the the olives - the liquid olives - you HAVE to try them.  They look and taste like Kalamata olives, but they are completely liquified.  GENIUS!  The pan con tomato, the gazpacho, so fresh and delicious.  My husband had some cheese (not a fan of cheese) - he loved it.  We went on the chorizo wrapped in a potato chip deep fried - YUM.  Then to the boneless chicken wings and carne asada.  Amazing flavors and textures.  For dessert we had the olive oil ice cream - I'm a sucker for anything olive oil - with grapefruit grenata.  

I read the other reviews, and some of them are spot on - yes, this is tapas, small dishes that let you taste everything.  My husband and I each ordered 4 plates, plus shared dessert.  We didn't leave hungry, and we weren't disgustingly stuffed.  The price was actually quite reasonable, even by Vegas standards.
I've had tapas in San Sebastion and Madrid but none as good as these. This place is as good as it gets in every respect
Jaleo was our second stop during our Vegas restaurant binge, and unfortunately, it was pretty mediocre. We came here on a Saturday night, and the tables were about 60% full, but it took the waitress over 30 minutes to get our order in. The tapas then came intermittently, and was overall a mixed bag. From what I can remember:

The Good:
Pan con tamate
Most of its cured meats
Apple and fennel salad
Bacon wrapped dates

The Bad:
The lobster paella--the serving was rather small and the rice tasted like it was doused in salt
Garlic sauteed shrimp--was overcooked, not sure if it's the standard or an anomaly

Overall, Jaleo has a pretty fun ambiance, but if you come hungry, it'll take a lot to get full. And for the price, you can definitely find better offerings in Vegas.
If you are hungry or really hungry, plan on spending $$.  Food is tasty and served in small portions, so you will be ordering more tapas than you would normally order at a Tapa restaurant.

Toasted Brushetta (Pan Con Tomate)
Lobster paella (Paella Bogavante)
Carne asada 
Chorizo wraped in crispy potato (Chistorra Patata)
Apple and fennel salad with manchego cheese and walnuts (Manzana Manchego)
Seared scallops (Gambas Gabardina)
Batter fried shrimp (Vieiras Romesco)

If you happen to order the right paella that they had just made then you will receive your paella order right away, otherwise you may have to wait up to 45 minutes.  We got lucky and the lobster paella was just made.  Soft drinks are $5 per 8 ounce bottle and not refillable.  Recommend ordering a glass of wine or just drink water.  Atmosphere and decor is nice but loud during the dinner hour.
I am torn between 2-3 stars.  In actuality, the food at Jaleo reminds me of being in Spain.  Their sangria is very, very well made.  I was actually surprised that it has the acidic tang with a spicy finish.  Most sangria in the States is usually watered down red wine with heaps of sugar and citrus fruit for a more exotic presentation.  

We had the carne asada which was nothing to write home about.  It was a hangar steak sliced and served with a pepper confit.  It was about 4 ounces for $14...not worth it at all.  

What was interesting is watching the chef make the paella with a wood burning open kitchen.  This created a very aromatic scent to the restaurant.  I ordered the paella iberico, which included pork ribs.  The paella was deliciously prepared and I was impressed by the saffron flavors every bite had.  I was VERY disappointed to have only two pieces of pork ribs that were about 1 inch in length and had mostly skin.  This plate costed $32 and honestly, it was really worth about $6 because it was only rice.  

If the plates were more substantial, I could have given Jaleo 4 stars.  Lack of meat in paella dish is a sin and rarely ever forgiven.  I give it 3 stars (mostly for effort) for the execution of authentic Spanish cuisine in the middle of Vegas.
Read lots of reviews and gathered recommendations and ended up at Jaleo for late dinner.  The hostess was very nice and offered me a seat at the bar with no wait time.  The bartender was very friendly and helped to explain the menu.  Figuring the Paella would take a long time (states 45 minutes on the menu), I quickly got the order in.  I was figuring on munching on some of the starters and working my way up to the finale.  Nope, the  paella came in like 5 minutes.  Timing was a little off don't you think?  I was also thinking.......great this thing has been sitting and was just re-heated........unfortunately it kind of was.  The rice was a little under cooked for my liking and barely warmed through.  The lobster was the same as far as temperature, however it was cooked perfectly and tasted very sweet.  The sauteed shrimp was nicely cooked and very light.  I also tried the chorizo wrapped with potato, and (if I remember correctly) patatas bravas.... both of which were good, but slightly oily.  Overall I had a nice time and enjoyed the food.
Rating criteria:

Quality of Service

Quality of Food

Quality of Experience

SERVICE
Pretty great service.  I can't complain here.  I was greeted by a wonderful hostess, and our waiter was delightful.

FOOD
I'm not a huge fan of tapas establishments because I never feel full after the experience + the food comes out too slow in many cases as was my experience with Jaleo.  I did enjoy the Brussel sprout inspired salad, and spinach salad, the meat items (carne asada & fried shrimp) ordered were OK, but not seasoned to my liking.

Experience
This venue is inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  So it gets an A on location, the experience was charming nonetheless and if you like tapas you will enjoy.
We had a nice time here. We were going to be climbing at red rocks the next day so didn't partake of the alcohol, and our server was cool about it...the tapas we had wasn't the best choices as a grouping but we enjoyed them. The omelette, called tortilla patatas, was one we liked due to the carmelized onions. They did a good job preparing it. We also had the mushrooms, setas al ajillo, which were tasty. We also had butifarra, which was a sausage stew. Decent enough but nothing spectacular. 

Love the ambience and the open kitchen, an overall a great place to people watch and relax. We'd come again and try the drinks next time.
very expensive...after 6 dishes (between 2 people) we were still hungry and went to cabo wabo for fish tacos. Fish tacos at cabo wabo: $12, dinner at Jaleo: $145. You do the math.
Fun and Adventurous!
(and Expensive... but then all strip restaurants are)

This is more like a 3.5 star place.
The service is fantastic but the noise level is a bit too "energetic"... (aka Loud) so it makes having a conversation a bit hard.

If you can .... and have a group... reserve the private room... it's much more intimate and quieter in there.

We enjoyed a number of Interesting plates.

The white asparagus was quite lovely.... and light.  It was a good veggie starter.

The caviar and egg dish was very good.... rich.... but the caviar is not as rich as one would expect for this dish.

The cold garlic soup was different.... good... but different... the grapes off set the garlic part which is a good contrast.

The spinach was Very Good.... it had bacon and raisins in it... I know... raisins?  Yup... raisins.... loved it.   But then bacon makes everything taste better.... so the raisins were a nice counter balace to the salty.

The veal cheek was also good but not off the charts good like I was hoping.  I wanted melt in your mouth, eye popping good and it wasn't.

The "pigs in a blanket" .... sausage wrapped in a potato chip were good .... but not spectacular.  It was like a little weenie rolled in a potato chip.  

The empanada was more like a won ton filled with fishy cream.  Not what I expected at all.... we ate it because it wasn't horrible... but it wasn't all that good either.

Our favorite was the piquillo stuffed with crabmeat.... good flavor and texture. The crab was a contrast yet a complement to the piquillo.

For dessert, we had the Chocolate Flan... it was quite good.  Creamy not overly sweet nor overly rich.  It was a smooth, milky chocolate.  :)
Spanish tapa restaurant by celebrity chef Jose Andres. Very colorful fun looking decor, seats are crowded, we got seated at a long booth with other dining people. It was comfy, but not private and intimate, this entire restaurant is a little too crowded and loud. 

Total bill for 2 with 2 alcohol drinks no desert: $140

Decor: 4
Location: 3.5
Food: 4
Service: 4
Ambience: 3

Our food:
Cone of salmon tartare and salmon roe: super delicious! Fresh and salty.

A fried organic egg topped with caviar: super delicious , it came with breads, server cut the egg to make it bread spreading, very flavored.

Garlic soup with black garlic: not so good, it was not even hot, consider server poured it right out of the container ... 

A salad of red beets, citrus, cheese and pistachios with sherry dressing: yummy

Steamed mussels with bay leaf and lemon: so delicious! The mussels are meaty!

Raw salmon with anchovy- lemon oil: yummy

Broiled octopus with potatoes: good, but a bit plain. 

Grilled hanger steak: delicious

Seared fresh squid stew with onion confit: good 

Jose's Gin & Tonic was soooo yummy! Strong but yummy! It came with a huge ice cube in there, kept the drink strong and fresh! $20, that special ice cube cost $2-2.5,  but it was worth it! Another specialty $14 cocktail was so bad, flavorless.:( 

Our waiter was friendly and attentive. We didn't order any paella, so he asked if we wanted to add a dish or two, which we did, so that we could have a satisfied full tummy.

Very fun dining experience, I love small plates, I get to try so many different things, it was playful, pretty much everything was flavored without saltiness, portions were decent. 

Minus the crowded seats and noise level, everything else was great. Will go back for sure. :) This restaurant is more of a casual place, no need to dress up, just enjoy those fun dishes!
I'm not sure what's up with the poor reviews but my friends and I had an awesome Tapas' dinner here on 11/12/11. 

The restaurant was packed and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves as we were. It was loud, in fact there was a party of four next to us drinking sangria and getting pretty tipsy but we enjoyed it. It was fun and festive and there was plenty of people watching right there.   

Our waiter was fantastic and he recommended lots of wonderful dishes. 

We had...
Bacon Wrapped Dates
Flat Bread with Serrano Ham
Endive with Goat Cheese, Almonds and Orange
Prawns with Red Chiles 
Lobster Paella
Flan*** DO NOT MISS THE FLAN 
Olive Oil Ice Cream

My husband's favorite was the flat bread with the Serrano ham, my friends was the endive with goat cheese almonds and orange and mine was the flan and the olive oil ice cream. 

We are all familiar with Spanish food and therefore knew that the portions are on the smaller side and meant to be shared. 

We all came away extremely happy and looking forward to going again when we are next in Vegas.

If you are looking for a heavy meal that makes you want to sleep for a year, don't go here. This is the perfect place to start out a night on the town.
Fun atmosphere, good food. A little overpriced, as is everything on the Strip. Drinks are really great, try their take on the Gin and Tonic, or their good selections of reasonably priced Spanish wines.
Walking into this restaurant is quite nice, the decor is nice and they are cooking paella over wood fire in the back which is nice to look at and leaves a great aroma throughout the whole place.  Unfortunately I do not remember all of the exact items we had when I dined here, but I know that almost everything we got was delicious.  I had two food problems when we were there.  First was the roasted pepper and eggplant tasted more bitter than roasted.  Second, In my opinion the grapefruit in the lobster salad was too strong and killed the flavor of the lobster meat.

The restaurant has been described as vibrant and fun but when we went there it was packed and a bit too loud to hold a conversation at our table without shouting.

I have dined at Jose Andres other restaurant The Bazaar in Beverly hills and for similar price I enjoyed the food a little better and the environment and total experience much more.
Service is great! I don't really care for the atmosphere because I prefer quieter, more relaxed places, but to get the party started at Marquee, this is perfect. 

It is very expensive, but I would expect that on the strip, and especially at Cosmo. The food you get, while small quantities, is delicious and the presentation is beautiful. I sat in the middle area one time and watched them pick out garnishes very precisely with tweezers. The dessert seems very interesting- I've only had the hazelnut something /salted caramel dish and it was divine. But I'm curious about the other desserts!

We've had the same server 3 times, and she's fantastic, I wish I'd caught her name. The drinks have all been perfect. I love the mojito, and there's another drink I just tried but I forget the name- it had cucumber water, and a berry type floater. It was delicious!
This was a great dining experience, the first time we ate there we tried the entire dessert menu, absolutely amazing. The Chocolate, Hazelnut Cake was one of our favorites and then the Caramel Flan.
The menu was very extensive with very flavorful combinations, all in small tapas style portions, we loved that because that leaves room to try more dishes. 
The service from the hostess who greeted us and our server was fantasic, the server in paticular was very knowledgable about the menu and the wine pairing list for our dinner. 
There is definitely a lot of passion behind Jose Andre's food. It was a pleasure to dine at his restaurant.
5 stars!!!   We will be back!!

Thomas and Amanda
i would highly recommend Jaleo if you enjoy the tapas as my friends and I do. First, the staff here is outstanding. They are knowledgable, fun, patient (we had a large group), and overall extremely professional. Next, the food is great with a menu ranging from what you would expect prepared extremely well to some unique offerings. Finally, the atmosphere is lively - fun and popping.
This was a very fun and tasty place to start our evening. The place is so colorful and wonderfully decorated. One of my only complaints is that design seems to trump comfort. While artfully designed the wooden chairs are really not very comfortable. That being said, the food was fantastic. All done tapas style, so be aware going in...small plates, but not cheap plates. We had five items off of the menu and we were only disappointed in the first one, which was goat cheese. The two wedges they presented us were laughably small, but our other items were just what you would expect from tapas size. The Serrano ham was very tasty, we then ordered the grilled hangar steak (perfectly medium rare) and grilled asparagus with romesco sause. Our final plate was more entrée size and was a stunning lobster paella. Can't remember the servers name, but she was outstanding. My wife and I are not that familiar with Spanish wines and she recommended a very tasty Tempranillo in the $45-50 dollar range.
We went here for a special occasion tonight and had a wonderful dinner.  If you had told me before we left that my wife would eat foie gras or veal cheeks, I would have laughed in your face.  Now I can't say that.  She did eat that and she liked it!

Let's start at the beginning.  We had an early reservation at 5 PM and as soon as they opened, the hostess came and got us as we people watched at the Cosmo.  We were seated in the area a few steps up from the main floor.  Our server was Donny and he was top notch!

He talked us through some possibilities after we studied the menu for awhile.  First, we ordered white asparagus with Idiazabal cheese.  The cheese was shredded so finely and had such a good flavor that it was a beautiful topping for the asparagus.  

Next we each had soup--me gazpacho and my wife the Black garlic soup.  Both were very good!  

This was followed by Ground pork and foie gras cannelloni and boneless chicken wings.  By now, my wife was getting into the tapas idea and the sharing part and we each enjoyed the dishes.  The Béchamel sauce on the cannelloni was a superb addition to the delicate cannelloni that were filled with very good ground pork and foie gras--and yes, she ate the foie gras and liked it!

One last main dish to share was the veal cheeks with morels.  It was excellent and the veal was fork tender.

On to dessert--I ordered the Chocolate hazelnut cake with praline ice cream and my wife ordered the rice pudding with vanilla and cinnamon with a lemon sorbet.  The cake was rich, dark chocolate and decadent--just the way I like my chocolate!  The rice pudding was very good.  My wife thought the sorbet was too sour but I disagreed thinking it was a great counterpoint to the mild sweetness of the pudding.

Service was excellent throughout the dinner.  Bus people did their jobs efficiently, more iced tea was brought, Donny came around to suggest we might want to order our hot foods so the flow of the meal would not be interrupted and he had recommendations for us when we asked and he was spot on with them!

I'll be returning.  Next I want to try the lobster paella along with other dishes.
One last review to write from the Vegas trip, I saved the best for last.

The server and food were fantastic, the noise not so much. 

 We went early and once the place got full it was really, really noisy.  The tables are close together, so if you are looking for an intimate dining experience, this is not the place, it definitely has a party atmosphere.

My favorite part were the small portions, that way I got to sample alot of items which is one of my favorite ways to dine!  Also, because the portions were small,  each of us could pick something that wasn't necessarily a favorite of the other.

My favorite items of the night, the brussels sprouts salad which had serrano ham, apricots, apples and a sherry dressing.  Second favorite - Deep fried, bacon wrapped dates!   So decadent and so tasty.  Luckily, the recipe for that salad, and the small wrinkled potatoes dish we got, I found online, because I was seriously sad when both bowls were gone, and Vegas isn't exactly close enough to run over for dinner..
Very good! everything was tasty and fresh. Great location inside The Cosmopolitan. Service was perfect. Had the crab soup, gaspacho, king crab with caviar, crepe with pate and shrimp al ajillo. Overall, great dining experience!

The dessert was outstanding: olive oil ice cream with fruit. Holy moly!
A crowded, happening, popular place.  Yes, it can be noisy, and yes, your server may disappear for longer than you might like on occasion, but I had a very good time here.  My companion may differ - being not a fan of Spanish food in general, and feeling a little off that night - but I enjoyed everything I had here quite a lot.

This is not Jose Andres the molecular guy - this is fairly straight forward tapas done extremely well.  They and serious here - for instance they have what they claim is the only indoor wood-burning Paella setup in the US right in the center of the restaurant.

The paellas are made in rotation - only one flavor offered at a time, though if you sit around long enough, they'll rotate through to another one.  We ended up with a lobster paella - served with pieces of lobster on top - quite good, though I have never seen paella here with the crusty bottom.

A little wine, gazpacho, tomato bread ( really a pizza ), an assortment of jamon, salted potatoes - simple things for the most part, but each done really well and presented creatively.  There's a reason for the crowds.
Sitting down for a drink before celebrating a fun evening we were entertained my the bar tender. 
He was friendly, funny and actually appeared as though he wasn't just trying to make a tip.

We discussed different types of whiskey, tequila and a few others. Jovial and funny dude.
When our friends joined us the jokes and laughs kept coming.

I would have loved to dine here but the drinks were YUM and the entertainment even more.
The most original tapas we've ever had! The liquid olives were amazing, they literally melt in your mouth- there is absolutely no need for chewing! 

The GM was very helpful and charming! 

My husband and I adored this place! 

We will be back!
We loved Jaleo.  The food was awesome, the service was perfect, and we could sit and people watch all throughout dinner.  

We ordered...

Rosemary Lemonade - very sour and the rosemary hits you a bit later into the drink, but I loved it.

Pan Con Tomate (with Manchego) - so good. Its perfect with manchego and I just love it. Unlike some bread/tomato/cheese starters, this was easy to eat and didn't make an embarrassing mess. So so so good.

Apple/Fennel Salad - I love anything with apple and fennel. Throw in some manchego and I'm very happy. This was probably my favorite bite of the meal. 

Cod Empenadas - we were warned they were different. And they are. Its kind of like fried won ton wrappers with liquid cod and cheese inside - and drizzled with honey. (Good thing I don't write menu descriptions as that sounds disgusting - but its very good!)

Carne Asada - yum, very tender and it came with some tasty red peppers. 

Bacon Wrapped Dates - I've never had a date before and didn't know they were so sweet!  These are little dates, wrapped in bacon and breaded.  Our server recommended this dish be served last as it is somewhat dessert-like. Good call.

The service was great and his recommendations for dishes were perfect - both the specific dishes themselves and the number of dishes (2-3 per person).  

The drink menu was on an iPad that was left at the table to give you time to scroll and search through to find all sorts of wines, cocktails, and nonalcoholic beverages. It was fun, but kind of a silly concept as you were to select on the iPad which drinks you wanted - then you are supposed to hold up the iPad and show the server your "order page"  so they can then write down your order. Then the server walks over to the computer terminal and types in your order.  Bit cooler if my iPad and order actually DID something and was automatically sent to the bar - I felt silly holding up my iPad - it would have been easier to just say, "uh, a lemonade please?"  But fun nevertheless. 

Jaleo was the perfect restaurant for a late dinner after an afternoon of driving. I so recommend this place.
I feel bad on giving this a bad review but the quality is NOT worth the price! It is extremely over priced and I found some of the dishes to be very very bland. I have been to Spain many MANY times, and the food compared to the food in Spain is very different. I have not tried their paella which is supposed to be the special so I might go back just to give it another try. However you get the same quality food by goinng to firefly at 1/3 of the price.
Great food and service.  Imaginative dishes and drinks.  Awesome design.  Service was fast and professional. Carna asada and scallops are fantastic.  Would go there again. Was about 100 for two.  Well worth it.
Amazing bachelorette party dinner. 

The amazing waiter customized our menu to fit our $100/person budget. And boy we were thoroughly liquored and stuffed at the end! He suggested this fun way to drink our champagne called "porron" (sp). Lets just say we got WET and drunk!!

They started with lighter tapas and finished off with heavier dishes like carne asada, paella, and veal cheeks. 

Couples dishes that were unforgettable: 
Huevos frito con caviar (winner)
Gambas al ajillo
Manzanas con hinojo y queso Mancheg
Veal cheeks
carne asada
What a great restaurant experience.

Pan con tomate y queso Manchego; olives two ways; jamon Iberico de bellota Fermin; ajo blanco; traditional Spanish tortilla; chistorras fritas;  piqullos rellano with crab; veal cheeks; traditional flan with Clementine sorbet.

Sangria and cava to wash everything down.

Fantastic, unobtrusive service that came with great recommendations on drinks and food.

Would eat here every day if I had the opportunity.
the pace is so fast that we finish all 20 courses in 1 hour.  perfect for a hungry crowd after "Blue Man Group"
great Spanish wine +++
perfect lamb ribs ++++
attentive service +++++  We thank Mike communicate with kitchen and sommelier timely for a wonderful experience
Went there last year with a large group for a business dinner.  It was top 5 meals of my life. I love that place.  My husband and I were on vacation in Vegas and I insisted that we go there.  It did NOT disappoint.  My husband grew up in Spain and said that it was like being "home."

Highlights:
 - Chorizo wrapped in crispy potatoes
 - Pan con tomate with manchego cheese
 - Iberian Jamon bocadillo
 - Jaleo style patatas bravas
 - Flan

Although anything I've eaten there is delicious...so you can't really go wrong.

Service was great, they even made me a faux-jito ... it was so good!
Great tapas!!! Creative food! I try to have a different dish every time I go and I've been happy with every dish!
I was so excited to try this restaurant that our close friends that our real foodies had been telling us about for quite some time. We had a birthday to celebrate so it was the perfect reason to get dressed up and head to the Cosmo. The four of us were seated and I noticed immediately how loud it was, almost to where we couldn't have a conversation. There were lots of kids there as well so it isn't a place for a romantic date by any means. The wine list came on an IPAD which was cool until I saw that they only had Spanish wines by the glass. I had never heard of any of the them and had a hard time choosing. The waiter was friendly enough to suggest one based on what I like. When it came I did not like it at all. He brought me another to try and when I told him I thought it was corked he said it just had "barnyard" notes to it. Who the heck wants to drink a wine that smells like a barn? We ordered a meat sampler plates, some olives, ham croquettes, shrimp with lemon aioli and oilive salt. Everything was good, not amazing and the portions were so small even for tapas that we either each got one bite or had to cut something in half. We didn't even feel like we'd eaten anything after the first seven plates that I proceeded to quickly order 7 more. The mussels stood out but the paella was so bland and crunchy (underdone) that we had to send it back. We decided to leave before dessert and headed next door to Blue RIbbon Sushi because we know they have the best ginger bread pudding in the world. I don;t think this place lives up to Firefly which is just ok and no where near as delicious as Julian Serrano in Aria.
Having lived in Barcelona, I was pleasantly surprised to find pan con tomate like I used to have in Catalunya.  Everything was authentic and well made and I was happy that tapas stayed tapas as it should.  It's a bit on the pricey and hipster side to be honest but the food was solid.
Since I am Spanish, I wanted to try this restaurant and was highly disappointed, I recommend "FIRE FLY"  so much better; this place is a RIP OFF; I have taste better TAPAS for the price. I CAN MAKE A BETTER PAELLA FOR SURE!!!!
Save your money all you are paying for is the real state..
very good dishes we took all.

ham w/ tomato sause bread is absolutely good as same as his main restaurant "Bazaar " in Beverly Hills. 

i was surprised thing was coquet on shoe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

food is goood as "Bazaar" but price is soo nice.

only $200 per two. ( if there, double price)

i'm sure i will be back there when i go to las vegas
This was ok.  I really didn't see anything special about the food other than nice presentations.  There were four of us and we ordered many different things and I don't remember thinking one of them was anything spectacular.
I've tried to go to Jaleo for dinner twice before, but neither happened.  I wish I hadn't pushed for a third try, because this meal sucked.  I would've given it one star, but one thing we had was really good, so it gets an extra star.  

My favorite foodie friend and I were both in Vegas on a Friday night, so decided to go to Jaleo.  He has been to the one in DC before and liked it, and I like Jose Andres food, so we were both excited.  

We were sat promptly, and the waitress came over a few minutes later.  She gave a whole canned speech about the menu (which is something I hate)...and gave us the iPad wine list.  There are some relatively good priced wines and of course lots of spanish options, so it started out good.  

She finally came and took our order, and we got a few things from each part of the menu, including the Paella Valenciana.  She told us they would group our items from the kitchen light to heavy and stage them to come out 1-2 at a time.  Great.

However, that wasn't the case.  We got three things within like 2 seconds of each other.  The first things were 1. Pan con tomate (Toasted slices of rustic bread brushed with fresh tomato). this was adequate.  not quite the traditional way, but tasty enough; 2. Some tiny green olives stuffed with anchovies and "liquid black olives". this dish was $14 for like 5 small green olives.  total rip off and i know anchovies are salty, as are olives, but this dish was too salty to eat...and yes, i've had them both together before and it doesn't need to be that overly salty; 3. tortilla de patata (Spanish omelet with potatoes and onions).  i'm about to get married, and this is one of the dishes on my menu, which means i've tried about 20 tortillas from caterers over the last few months, and this version was the worst i've ever had.  previously, i was shocked by how bad some of the caterers versions were of this dish, but this dish was twice as bad as the worst.  first of all, she asked us if we wanted it well done when we ordered it.  this is not a question that should be asked.  it's supposed to be a simple dish:  onions and potatoes sauteed til tender, add egg, let form til set completely.  that is it.  we got it and it was wet, and runny, so not even well done like she asked if we wanted it.  it was also super thin, with only like one layer of potato.  it was so gross we didn't finish it.  

So then we flagged her down and said we wanted to slow it down a bit, since everything so far had been rushed to our table. This was a mistake, because from then on it was supperr long wait for everything.  She told us then that our paella was ready, and we said oh no thanks - we want to wait until the end for that dish, since it's most like a "main course".  This is after she told us the kitchen would structure it light to heavy for us, so delivering paella with the first few things made no sense.

The next dish was Ensalada rusa (a salad of potatoes, imported conserved tuna and mayonnaise).  This was "okay", but not great.  It was much better than it looked - It was covered with foam.  It looked like my cat threw up on it.  I'm not a foam fan.  But the potatoes were cooked well, and the tuna was tasty.

The next dish was the Seared scallops with romesco sauce.  The dish arrived and was pretty enough to look at.. However,  both our scallops had grit.  This, is not good.  Neither of us finished our scallop (the dish had two) and we called the waitress over to tell her they were gritty.  She apologized, but didn't seem to really know what that meant. 

Then we got the last dish before our paella...the veal cheeks with whipped olive oil potatoes.  This is the only reason the restaurant got 2 stars.   This dish was really good.  Looked good.  Tasted great.  Very tender veal cheeks.  The potatoes were fluffy bites of heaven.  Very very good.  This is what I expected every dish to be like, but sadly, it was the only good dish.

So now we are excited to try the paella.  i guess i was still holding out hope it would save the meal?  but the waitress comes over and tells us that they're out of the paella.  What?  We ordered it an hour ago.  They had it.  You tried to serve it to us at the start of the meal, we said we'd wait...and now you're out of it??  She offered us a different paella, at double the cost of the one we ordered.  We said, no thanks.  And were super unhappy about it.  We were both still hungry, but didn't want to try anymore crappy food, so asked for the bill.

We got the bill, and the damn scallops were still on it.  We called the manager over to complain (we've both been in the biz for years, and if someone complains about a legitimate quality issue, that should NEVER be on the check).  So we explained that they were gritty and shouldn't be on the check.  He apologized and claimed it was an oversight and took it off the bill.  

Overall, a disappointing meal and I'll never go back.  It was so overpriced and only one thing was good.  Sad, sad, sad.
Out of all the restaurants in Las Vegas, I think that Jose Andres has picked a very nice spot to set up shop.  From the beginning the atmosphere at the Cosmopolitan Hotel is flashy yet not overly commercial.  The restaurant has a great external appeal, with an open eating area, mostly white decor and big chunky tables for seating in the overflow area.

The wait staff seemed young and a little under experienced.  We got shifted wait staff within the first 10 minutes of being in the restaurant and the young lady we were left with was bubbly, yet didn't know quite what she was serving as in experience.  She also had a painfully short attention span and would walk from the table without warning.

The wine list was heavy on $100+ bottles with a scattering of under $100 bottles.  We opted for a $48 bottle since we didn't need anything expensive and the bottle was still excellent.  If you go, don't bother with the American wines, as those are priced way above the $100 mark per bottle and for a casual tapas meal, IMHO you don't need to spend the money when most of the wines on the list are probably good selections.

We started with a board of all the cured meats, which included both the iberrico hams, the chorizo, serrano and pork loan.  We paired that with some manchango cheese which all together was great with the bottle of wine we were enjoying. And the quality of meat was a good amount for two people to share.

Next we had the salmon roe cones, which looked like a borrowed dish from Thomas Keller's French Laundry with a play on the ice cream cone.  The cones had salmon roe on top and filled with crab, which was tasty, but the roe didn't really stand out much.

We then had the egg topped with caviar, which was spectacular, but it wasn't the egg or the caviar which made it, but the caramelized onions under the egg made it a home run.  All together it rocked, but if it didn't have caviar on it, I don't think you'd notice a difference.

Then came our seafood tapas, we had the shrimp and scallop dishes, which were both excellent and cooked perfectly.  Out of the two, the shrimp was the clear winner, and if I did it again, I'd get two of those rather than the scallops.  

Our last tapas was the veal cheeks, which were served over mashed potatoes, which was like a braised short rib without the unnecessary fat.  Very tasty, but I'd like a little finishing salt on it to bring it home and cut the richness a bit.

After it was all said and done with we signed the not so expensive bill with a couple expressos which was absolutely a great finish as the expresso was very smooth and went well with the whole meal.
Right off the escalator on the third floor of the flashy Cosmopolitan sits Jose Andre's Jaleo. We came here for an early dinner (victims of decided to eat here on a Saturday on the preceding Thursday - or perhaps the beneficiaries of this decision - more on this later).

The drink list comes out on an iPad, which is a bit precious. You can save your time and just order Jose's Gin and Tonic for your first drink - trust me, you won't be let down! Gin and Fever Tree tonic, presented in a wine glass containing exactly one spherical ice cube and garnished with juniper berries, a slice of lemon, and lemon verbena goes down smooth - what's not to like there? Nothing. 

As a party of six, we headed the waiters advice and ordered 2-3 items per person - a few at a time, starting with the pan con tomate and progressing  from there to meats and cheeses, on to vegetables and seafood, and finally to some meat dishes. We ended up ordering additional orders of a few items , such as the gambas al aljilio and the brussel sprout salad. These are items not to miss.  Other standout items include the olives (including 'liquid' olives, a simple delight of molecular gastronomy) and the secreto Iberico, which we ordered at the very land, when we were still just a little hungry - and ended up devouring. All of this food went perfectly with a well-priced Rioja.

Dessert was a bit of a hit and a bit of a miss. The flan tradicional was one of the best specimens of that dish that I've ever had. In fact, self proclaimed haters of flan were devouring it along with the rest of us. The cafe solo (espresso) is the best I've had outside of Italy. The big down was the apple tart - which wasn't really very apple-y or tarty. We could have done with out this.

This was a slow, pleasant meal. And the best part was that our early resevation allowed us to easily meet up with our other friends for a long night of drinking and dancing, without being too full, too late!
I don't like tapas. I especially don't like tapas when I'm with coworkers or clients - it's awkward. You order shrimp but there's not enough for everyone. You order steak and someone's a vegetarian. You order soup and then feel guilty for eating the entire bowl yourself. 

I'm selfish. I want my food to myself.

But Jaleo changed all of that. 

Six of us ordered nearly everything off the menu and six of us wholeheartedly agreed not one thing was under par - instead, every.single.morsel satiated every.single.taste bud. A restaurant has never been so consistently delicious - so on top of their flavors and game that despite our full bellies, when two extra dishes arrived from the chef, we greedily scooped them up. (Chicken and rabbit paella and the chef's new spin on an old standby - garlic shrimp.) 

We tried the selection of cheeses and my comrades the three Spanish-cured meats. We shared spoons in the garlic and grape soup (a favorite amongst the table), we slurped oysters, severed mussels, crunched apple/fennel/walnut salad, forked fried eggplant and... more? Yes, much more. The cod and honey empanada that melted once breaking its delicate shell, the homemade potato chips drizzled with spicy tomato sauce, the out-of-this-world garlic shrimp mentioned above and skirt steak (that I can't comment on because I didn't have any). 

We devoured every last bit - not a crumb escaped our table. And when it came time for dessert? We split our waitress' two favorites with coffees and espressos.

This is the best restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of eating at in Vegas and one that I will return to again and again - with clients, coworkers, friends or my partner.
In Vegas for business and had the opportunity to try Jose Adreas' Jaleo.  I'm always skeptical with celebrity chef restaurant hype, well  the hype on Jaleo is justified!  

In summary, an amazing meal of Tapas delivered by a wonderful wait staff and reasonably priced. Our waiter Donnie was fantastic and from the Ipad on the table for the drinks menu to his timing of the dishes, he did an amazing job of making this meal a memorable one!

So many tapas to review so I will mention the best for me although all were amazing!

A wonderful glass of Cava first  then the plates began arriving in a symphonic arrangement!

Jamon Bellota (best Spanish Ham)
Empenada Bacalao (Empenada with cod)
Salmón crudo con huevas de salmó (salmon waffle cone - a must)
Pan con Tomato with Manchego (toasty bread with olive oil, tomatos and manchego cheese)
Berenjenas con miel de caña al estilo Malagueñ (lightly battered eggplant)
Gambas al ajill (shrimp in garlic)
Tortilla de patatas clásica (Spanish Omelet)
Canelones tradicionales de cerdo y hígado de pato con salsa bechame (Pork and foie gras canelones with a bechamel sauce)
Fricandó de carilleras de ternera y puré de patatas al aceite de oliv (veal cheeks with olive oil and potato puree - AMAZING)

Ok and for dessert - flan and Espresso!

The restaurant has a very Vegas vibe, loud with people all around you happy and enjoying life.  Not a stuffy pretentious restaurant with out of reach pricing.   When in Vegas, this is a must for any one who loves good food!
How many ways can a restaurant use Jamon Iberico. More than I could eat for sure, throw in some serrano, skirt steak (which I am trying desperately to duplicate at home) a veal cheek so tender that a slight touch with your fork splits it and you have a memorable meal. Service was outstanding, wine list all Spanish and the best damn gin and tonic I have ever had, and I cannot stand drinking gin and tonics. 

Favorite dish (outside of the jamon di Iberico) was the Brussel Sprouts with apple, fennel, serrano served warm. I suggest going with people you know as its all shared. If you want Paella order early as it sells out and can be 45 minutes before the next version is available. There are 5 or 6 types and they are made in rotation or for groups of 6 or more. 

My complaint - I am tired of Croquetas. They may be traditional buut no matter where I have them, I really hate them and unfortunately Jaleo is no exception. Maybe they are not my food type as everyone else seems to love them. Maybe it's because we Americans see then as "safe" when compared to other items on the menu. Live a little y'all
I love Jaleo!

What a whimsical celebration of flavors!  There are too many to name all but in my experience there are some stand alone superstars.

1.  Pan Con Tomate, a simple dish that has unbelievable flavor!  I got mine with anchovies.

2.  Jamon Iberico Bellota, the legendary pig of Spain at its best.  I love cured meats and the quality of this product is amazing.

3.  Huevo Frito con Caviar,  fried organic cage free egg with caramelized onions and caviar.  The toasted rustic bread puts it over the top!

4.  Endivias.  Promoted as a staff favorite and I get it!  It is the perfect tapa!  Sweet, salty, soft, crunchy.  I had it as a palate cleanser, but it could have been served at anytime and still would have been great!

5.  Jamon Croquettas.  Nuff said!!!!

6.  Gambas,  a simple sautéed shrimp dish.  But hey, I believe that simple done well is a testament to greatness!

7.  Braised veal cheeks,  OMG!  My server told me that they feel bad for anyone who doesn't try this.  I'll agree with that!  So tender that you can cut them with a spoon.  Also the Morels and olive oil potato purée don't hurt either.

8.  Secreto Iberico,  the secret is out!  This is the best cut of meat in Vegas!  Pork steak that is tender like filet.  It's like I went to bacon heaven!


Food great!  Service, on point and friendly.  Jose's gin and tonic is just wow!  Plus a great selection of Spanish wines that don't hit your pocket like other places on the strip!  I will definitely go back and let my friends know!

Thank you Jose!
Jaleo. Is. Awesome. 

The hostess - super helpful in showing us the gluten free menu for Ryan and taking our reservation for later that evening.  Recognized us when we came back that night and promptly led us to our table. 

The atmosphere - a bit noisy but it fits for Vegas.  The restaurant is in a cluster of all the restaurants at the Cosmopolitan and it's open to the lobby/gathering area.  It's a bit quirky and modern.  There's a foose ball table to sit at if you'd like although the stools looked uncomfortable for the meal.  Just a neat looking place.

The service - spot on.  In a tapas restaurant sometimes things get lost in the mix since new dishes are coming out constantly, but not here.  Our waiter showed up right after we got settled and handed me the drink menu (in the form of an iPad which you can then order your drink on. Neat!)  Their staff is constantly refilling half empty water glasses, clearing the latest empty tapas plate and doing it all without getting in your way.

The food - The menu has a lot on it which is typical for tapas.  Since it was just the two of us we didn't try paella although I'd love to go back and get it.  We had just gotten back from Spain a few weeks prior so we wanted to see how their Jamon Iberico was and it did not disappoint, granted we got the most expensive one - Jamon Iberico de bellota Fermin which for 22 dollars is something you can fit in the palm of your hand.  But it's good!  Other favorite dishes:  the warm brussel sprout salad with apricots, apples and serrano ham which I found a similar recipe for online and it's almost as good.  Can't figure out what I'm missing.  Ensalata rusa which is proclaimed to be the ultimate spanish tapa and includes potato, mayo and tuna in a way I could never recreate.  We had other dishes and all were good but those were the stars.  For dessert, something everyone should try in their life.  Olive oil ice cream with grapefruit three ways.  This ice cream was the creamiest, most delicious ice cream and when you paired it with the tart grapefruit...unreal.  Try it.  Seriously.

Overall just a fantastic experience.  It was definitely expensive but we were in the Cosmopolitan on the Vegas strip...it's to be expected.  Go and enjoy!
I was in Vegas for a conference earlier this week. My colleague and I stumbled across Jaelo as we were walking through The Cosmopolitan. Quite frankly we chose it because of the funky, interesting atmosphere.

But wow...the FOOD. Every single thing we tried was amazing...the garlic shrimp, skirt steak, veal cheeks...all of it. And the servie was great.

I would recommend and definitely go back again.
José Andres has a number of restaurants in the US, and the main Vegas outpost is Jaleo, located in the (new) Cosmopolitan.

Lynn & I went with her brother, who -- despite living in Vegas -- has never eaten here.  At some point, however, he's learned to turn the ordering over to his big sister and her husband (that would be me), and so off we went . . . 

We were told that the lobster paella would be about 40-45 minutes, so of course we ordered that immediately . . . and it was the first dish to arrive at our table.  Good news:  it arrived within 10 minutes.  Bad news:  it arrived within 10 minutes.  Let me explain:  

I thought I had ordered an array of tapas, salads, etc. and it would culminate with the paella.  Having it arrive first threw the progression of dishes I had in my head out the proverbial window, but the paella was so damned good, who cares???  

Next arrived the plate of green olives stuffed with anchovy and piquillo peppers, and paired with Ferrán Adrià "olives" -- little "balloons" of liquid (Kalamata?) olives that burst in the mouth, filling you with that wonderful olive deliciousness.  Amazing!  And for someone who deeply regrets never dining at El Bulli, this was a REAL treat!

Served with that was the Selección de embutidos -- a selection of cured meats (Jamón Ibérico de bellota Fermin, Jamón Ibérico Fermin, Jamón Serrano Fermin, Lomo Ibérico de bellota Fermin, and house-made Chorizo Palacios) paired with their Pan con Tomate.  Delicious, flavorful, and indeed somewhat magical.

Next to arrive was the Manzana con hinojo y queso Manchego (a sliced apple and fennel salad with Manchego cheese, walnuts and Sherry dressing) that was crisp, light, refreshing, and very tasty.  

Our waitperson, Samantha, was knowledgeable and helpful, enthusiastic without being artificial in any way.  Based upon her recommendation ("I never eat veal, but this is my favorite thing on the menu!"), we ordered the Fricandó de carilleras de ternera y puré de patatas al aceite de olive (Veal cheeks and morels with olive oil potato purée).  OMG, she was right!  Rich, flavorful, melt-in-your-mouth lusciousness that was so sensual, so . . .,  so close to being over-the-top that, were it any closer, it would be illegal!

Recovering from this silky dish of richness, we moved on to the deceivingly simple sounding Trigueros con romesco (Grilled asparagus with romesco sauce), pencil-thin -- NO, eyebrow pencil-thin asparagus grilled to perfection with romesco that we could have eaten all night long.  Major yums!

Finally, we had Rape a la Donostiarra (Monkfish with garlic, Sherry and parsley oil).  Again, deceptively simple in name, but don't let that stop you.  Normally, I'm one of those people who don't "get" monkfish (aka "the poor man's lobster").  It's never seemed like lobster to me, and most of the times when I've had monkfish in the past, it's been overcooked and rather bland.  But this . . . THIS was OUTSTANDING!  Truly, the best monkfish I've ever had, and a dish I already want to have again!  Thinly sliced pieces of monkfish delicately poached (sous vide?) with just a hint of garlic and sherry, and a drizzle of parsley oil . . . this was THE dish-of-the-night, and the perfect dish to end our meal on!

Well, OK, with had José Andres' grandmother's flan.  This, too, was the best flan I've ever had in my life!

They have a great selection of Spanish wines, too.  (They have wines from elsewhere, but to be honest, I didn't look.)

An amazing dinner, and a place we will definitely be going back to!
Tapas are small bites and let's be assured, these are small bites for sure.  However they are very tasty small bites.  We got a bunch of things, iberico ham bocadillo, salmon cone, salmon tartare, iberico ham croquette, octopus, garlic soup, long burger, and much more.  Everything was so good but so small you're thinking is this going to be enough but then on the 10th dish or so we got full.  Sangria was great.  Restaurant was beautiful, service was good, just a great, fun place to eat at.  It is pricey so be ready to spend some money but when you're on vacation, you got to do a meal like this.  Even though there are so many selections in Vegas, I'll definitely be coming back here again.
My wife and I were completely blown away by Jose Andres' newish restaurant in Vegas Jaleo. We made reservations with ease a few days in advance. As we walked in we were immediately excited to see the fun colorful atmosphere Jaleo had. they have a bar and 2 open kitchens you can sit near or you can go for a traditional table. We went with a 2 top that was close to the open fireplace where they roast a whole pig every Sunday. The service here is excellent, you'll have a primary waiter but about 3 different people bringing you food that can take your order or answer any questions you have. The entire staff was great with giving reccomendations, either that or every dish here is great. I suggest ordering your items one or two at a time because they all came out in about 5 or so minutes. Here is a summary of what we had:

Sangria - Really good sangria, not too sweet, tastes just strong enough

Pan Con Tomate with Jamon Serrano - 3 great pieces of bread topped with a tomato salsa and some of the finest Serrano ham around

Croquetas de Pollo... Served in a shoe! - They said it was one of their signature dishes. It is a tater tot like thing with great shredded chicken in a sauce on the inside. All this and it is served in a shoe

Gazpacho de Remolacha Con Queso de Cabra y Naranjas - Hands down the coolest looking dish. In the gazpacho (chilled vegetable soup) was oranges, raspberries, and goat cheese. The mix was surprising refreshing

Gambas al Ajillo - Garlic shrimp, they said it was another one of their signature dishes

Fricando de Carilleras de Ternera y Pure de Patatas al Aceite de Oliva (veal cheeks) - If I didn't know that they were the cheeks I would've just thought it was the tenderest veal ever. It came with some amazing olive oil mashed potato's

Canelones Tradicionales de Cerdo y Higado de Pato con Salsa Bechamel - shredded pork and foie gras inside a pasta canoli shell topped with a bechamel sauce (similar to alfredo sauce)

Flan al Estilo Tradicional de Mama Marisa con Espuma de Crema Catalana - Best flan ever. It came with some really good sorbet, some whipped vanilla ice cream which was amazing different, and everything was topped with some kind of crunchy praline like stuff
My last visit to Vegas we stopped by Jaleo for a late dinner.  We were sat immediately and given an iPad to order our drinks....very cool.

We ordered a bottle of Wine and several plates of Tapas:
Pan con tomate - Toasted slices of Bread with Tomato $5
Chorizo Palacios - Spicy Pork Sausage $8
Arroz de pato 'Jean-Louis Palladin' - Rice with Duck Confit, Duck Breast and Foie Gras Cream $11
Patatas bravas - Potatoes w/spicy Tomato Sauce & Alioli $7

The Tapas were very good and full of flavor.

Overall, it was a great dining experience.

Return Factor - 90%
After spending several weeks in Spain last summer, I've had some really good tapas experiences, so I wanted to try a good version here in good ol' 'murrica. Having been to the Bazaar a few times in LA, was familiar with several of Jose Andres' dishes, and this was a bit more spanish/traditional.  

Was it better than Spain?  No.  Was it really really awesome? Yes. 


The Secreto Jamon Iberrico was one of the best things I've eaten in a while. Cooked medium-rareish and served with an aioli and a mint/chimmichiri type sauce and served with Pan Con Tomate, it was just mindblowingly tender and like a fine steak. Expensive @ $40 but worth it. 

Also good were the Fideos (they call them something else here but I forgot what it was). Fried pasta in the style of paella. Mixing in a little aioli really made it that much better. I didn't get to try the paella and was very interested in doing a plate but they were only doing the vegetarian to start off (they cook serveral in the middle). Next time, for sure. 

Also great was the tomato bread with anchovies. There was a canned tuna dish that was solid and reminded me of the food in spain. 

The only miss of the night were the kumamoto oysters with a gin and tonic mignonette. I thought it was way overpowering and basically killed any of the sea flavor of oysters you would normally want. 

Service and ambiance was spot on. Would definitely return.
bit of a wait (~40 min) even though it was 9 pm on a Tues; a bit pricy, but it's vegas

we did a late lighter dinner for 5 with about 2 tapas plates per person

really loved the gin and tonic - if you like G&Ts, order one: super smooth, delightful presentation and super nerdy-cool ice (yes, ice). 

marinated mussels (they come in a little tin!) and steamed mussels (yum! order with bread to sop up the juice for both of these dishes next time), meat platter (really liked the house cured meat the best), Brussels sprout salad (delish!!), sauteed shrimp (good), skirt steak with grilled bell pepper (tasty!!), asparagus (good but 10 very young - read tiny - asparagus for $12+...? really good sauce to also pair with bread) quail (tiny yummy bird), tomato bread (oh yummy!)

great service, nice relaxing atmosphere. 

lovely evening!
It sure is hard to find a restaurant that is both and tasty enough to please 20 different people! Jaleo went above and beyond to make sure we were allllll happy with our experience there. 

For a large group we had to go through a reservation line, and it was so nice to correspond back and forth on email! Jaleo is EXTREMELY accommodating for large groups. They let you fully customize the menu, and they even printed our event name at the top! We had a vegetarian in our group, and the day of the dinner, they really took care of her and gave her unique dishes to accommodate her diet. 

I really loved our experience at Jaleo. It was very well worth the money we spent. If we come again as a large party, I would definitely want to eat there again.

Below is our menu and my opinions on each dish. The full array of dishes cost us $$105pp, and that includes tax and tip.

**Seleccion de jamones Fermin pro Jose -- the ham selection was very good! the fatty one they brought out was extremely buttery and tasty.  It came with a side of tomato bread (pan con tomate). 

**Aceitunas rellenas y acietunas 'Ferran Adria' - not my favorite dish.  the liquid olives were weird and CRAZY SALTY!

**La Serena con membrillo - strong cheese in a little cone w/ quince paste.  if you are not a fan of blue cheese or goat cheese, you probably wouldn't like this one. The aroma of the cheese is very pungent, but I thought the quince paste balanced it out.

_____________

**Salmon crudo con vinagreta de anchoas - The salmon was very fresh, and the dish was served like a tartare.  The slices of salmon were very thin, with the lemon anchovy oil drizzled all around.  Kudos from all around the table for this dish.

**Gambas al ajillo - There is a reason why this shrimp is 'VERY FAMOUS'.  The sauce is incredible, and the shrimp is perfectly cooked.  My friend wanted a straw to slurp up the leftover sauce haha

**Huevo frito con caviar - egg with egg.  DELICIOUS! MY FAVORITE OF THE NIGHT.  It was so flavorful. The egg was poached perfectly with some runniness on the inside, and the caviar on top gave it just the right amount of saltiness.  yumm!!!!!

**Escalivada catalana - roasted red peppers and eggplant.  good palate cleanser.  the smokiness of fire roasting the veggies was perfect.

_____________

Manzana con hinojo y queso Manchego - LOVE Manchego cheese.  This salad was extremely refreshing, and the fennel bulb was not too licorice-y.  We ate this slowly so that we could pick at it the rest of the dinner.

Butifarra casera esparracada - pork sausage stew - it was good, but not very memorable.

Fricando de carilleras de ternera y pure de patatas al aceite de oliva - the veal cheeks were so tender. This dish would have been perfect, and I probably would rave about it more if it had come earlier in the meal.  We were getting full by this point!

_____________

**Setas al ajillo con la serena - sauteed wild mushrooms - had to get some more vegetables in there somehow :) not bad

**Carne asada con piquillos 'Julian de Lodosa' - It is very easy to overcook this cut of steak,but our steak came out a perfect medium.  Tender, juicy, yummy :)

**Arroz a banda con bogvante - lobster paella.  again, if this came out earlier I would be raving about it.  sooooo stuffed!

___________

DESSERT!
**Flan - YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMY -my favorite
**Chocolate hazelnut mousse cake - very rich, and very good, but i could only have 1 bite.
**Olive oil ice cream wtih grapefruit - surprisingly good! I wanted more :)
Jaleo (twice in three days)
9/??/2011

This restaurant is loud, festive and fun. If you want a quiet and subtle dinner, go sneak a sandwich into a library because this place ain't for you.

This restaurant is also my favorite restaurant in Vegas, taking over the esteemed spot that my beloved Rosemary's Restaurant held for a while (before closing).

What is so great about this place? The food, drinks, service and decor. Did I miss anything? It was fun.

Jaleo is a Spanish Tapas restaurant, so you'll be ordering multiple, small dishes consisting of flavorful servings from the mind of Jose Andres. This wonderful guy might be Spain's greatest ambassador to the world since Fernando Alonso tossed his F1 career in the trash by going to Ferrari. But I digress...

We ordered a number of dishes (mostly the GF's favorites, because a happy GF is a happy GF), and enjoyed the offerings more than any restaurant in recent times. And by enjoyed, I mean "got a kick out of what we had."

Dishes that we enjoyed:

- Pan con tomate with Spanish anchovies: The GF loves anchovies and these white anchovies were a knockout. She wholeheartedly approved of this dish.

- Spherical Olives: Molecular gastronomy right here. It looks like an olive, but it's not. Think of a thin membrane that contains the most intense olive juice you will ever experience. Explosion of Olives as soon as you pop one in your mouth.

- Selecciónes de embutidos: A selection of cured Spanish meats. Nice!

- Canelones de cerdo y foie con bechamel: (From the menu) "Pork and foie gras canelones with béchamel sauce" - lots of flavor but I wish it was larger so I could indulge myself more. I could've just ordered two dishes and been content, FWIW.

- Croquetas de pollo: Chicken fritters that we demolished in no time.

- And my favorite: José Andrés' Gin and Tonic. This is the Ultimate G&T I've ever had. The nice thing is that I'm "almost" able to duplicate it at home w/ the following:

A shot or two of Hendrick's Gin (required - no other Gin will do)
One entire bottle of Fever Tree Tonic Water (you can find this in Honolulu at Tamura's)
Three Juniper Berries (find them in your spice shops)
A sliver of lemon skin with NO PITH. 1/2" by 2"
A thin slice of Lime
There's one more leaf that I never got the name of. It wasn't Mint or Shiso but I don't use it at home (whatever it is)

- There were a few more plates that were rather good, but I was pretty bulletproof by that time from the Gin and Tonics. So I can't remember what we finished off with exactly.

Tip: Ask for Donny as your server - extremely knowledgeble, funny and observant. The manager John was very excellent and attentive as well, along with our female server on visit #2 (sorry, I missed her name but tipped her well - she was great too!). They treated the GF and I wonderfully on our second visit a few nights later also.

If you haven't noticed, I really enjoy great food with the GF. And nothing makes me happier than knowing she's having a great time at a restaurant. Jaleo is the restaurant that made she and I the happiest, and we will always make it there when visiting Vegas.

I hope you have as much fun as we did.
Worst experience I could have imagined. Reserved the private room for my best friends bachelorette party dinner a month in advanced and when we arrived we were told they just gave it away. We were instead sat almost in the hotel area with a food court vibe. I was humiliated being the made of honor and the one that organized the dinner. They completely ruined my friends special night and hardly acknowledged what they had done and didn't even do anything to try to show they cared even slightly.  I have never been so upset. This place is a joke and the food is not good either.
We planned on spending our night at Marquee, so we decided to have dinner in the Cosmo.  We made reservations, so we only had to wait a few minutes to be seated.  

The beverage menu was presented to us via iPad.  We decided to kick off the night with some Jaleo Brambles.  These were quite good, and I ended up having two with dinner.

Between three of us, we ordered:
Ensalada de remolacha con cítricos
Patatas bravas
Gambas al ajillo
Croquetas de pollo - served in a shoe!
Berenjenas con miel
Lobster Paella
Cheese fritters

If you like beats, I would definitely recommend the Ensalada de remolacha con cítricos.  The combination of red beets, citrus and cheese make a very tasty dish.  The Berenjenas con miel(fried eggplant) was another dish my taste buds enjoyed.  It was crispy on the outside with the nice and soft eggplant-y texture on the inside.  The cheese fritters were yum!  It kind of reminded me of the cream cheese won tons, but better!  The lobster paella had a very good presentation, but it was a little difficult to eat.  I wish they had pulled the meat out of the shell for us.  We were all dressed up to go out, so we didn't want to get down and dirty to eat that lobster.  The rice was nice and tasty, but we just couldn't fully enjoy the lobster.

We had to pass on dessert since we were way too full.  Service was good, and prices are reasonable.
Very slow service.  Very lack luster food.  We had periods of 15-20 minutes in between dishes being delivered.  Vegetable paella was cool when it came out and not flavorful.    The poatos bravas are potato chips here.  Disappointed since everyone loves the real potatoes Bravas. The highlight of the meal were the gin and tonics and the endive with goat cheese tapas.
After finally getting to Vdara, which I have a review for that on their page, I had to change my restaurant reservations from Sinatra to Jaleo because it was the only late night place i could get and it was very very close to me. Got to Cosmopolitan, which I love because of the atmosphere it produces. Went up the escalator to the restaurant level and walked over to Jaleo. Was seated very fast, but the restaurant wasn't very full being 9:45 on a Sunday night. Started with picking my drink from the iPad menu. Very cool by the way. Had the Sangria. I'm not a big wine guy, but I could get used to drinking this Sangria. For the food, I chose the Batter-fried shrimp with lemon mayonnaise and black olive salt. Very Very good. Next was the Imberico Ham which is probably the best pork product I have ever had. I can try to explain it but it's kind of hard at the moment because of the Sangria that night. Just go try it if you visit Jaleo. You won't be disappointed. Next were the mussels marinated in Sherry vinegar. The leftover marinade was great for the break they brought out at the end. They talked me into ordering the toasted break with the tomato spread on it. Very Very tasty I must say. This was my first Jose Andres restaurant i have been to, and it makes me want to try all of his creations. Might have to go back to Jaleo in July when I am back in Vegas.
I don't understand why this does not have higher reviews. We dined at Botero, Milos, STK, The henry, & the mexican/chinese place inside the Cosmo and none compared to Jaleo.

We made a reservation the same day and got there a little late. We were told to wait at the bar and we only waited a short amount of time. We were seated and the management charged my fiance's phone as it was dying which was a nice gesture. The waiter was not extremely friendly and didn't really aid in us making the decision of what to order but hey, it's a tapas place.

I didn't particularly like the sangria but my fiance LOVED it. I had champagne instead. We had the shrimp/squid paella, "famous" garlic shrimp, my fiance had some sort of chicken tapas, cold spanish soup, and the bread with mariana sauce lightly coated on top.

They were all delicious especially the paella. It was unique and quite tasty. On the way out the manager stopped and complimented me on my outfit and struck up a conversation with us. It was really nice and the other waiters were super friendly while we were walking to and from our table.

The ambiance was amazing!!! It was soooo lively especially late at night. We were looking for something super lively and I'm so glad we came here! The bill was also extremely reasonable. We only ordered like 5 tapas for both of us and it was enough. Out of all the restaurants that we dined at on our stay in Vegas this was definitely the best. Don't read the other reviews, just go and check it out!
Great experience!  Had delicious tapas with awesome wine.  The tapas were served in funky trays.  My favorite was the sneaker, as in shoe!   Great atmosphere.  Someone in our party made last minute reservations for 13 of us and when we got there, we were seated almost immediately!  Great service and flavorful tapas.
I'm so very torn on how to review Jaleo. Yelp! When will you give us half stars???!!!

I think 3.5 or 3.75 is more accurate for me.  I've been here three times now and have had vastly different experiences in terms of service and of food. I wouldn't go so far as to say the place is inconsistent (although that wouldn't be a surprise as it is in The Cosmopolitan-the Kings of Inconsistency), but the food flavors and preparation are vastly different from dish to dish. The price is sometimes off-putting for what you get; it is Vegas though...

If you go for dinner and want to order wine, the server will leave his ipad-wine list with you; it's cool. I still like someone who can discuss wines with me a bit more than our server could.

To keep it light and casual, Jim G. and I grabbed some snacks in the bar a couple times. That's how tapas is really done in Spain, anyway. Two different bartenders on the two nights we went. Both were cool, although one was slammed (and apparently short-staffed) so he was not the kindest; service was fine though. 

During our dinner visit we tried the Monkfish: I strongly suggest you stay away from this dish!!! One of the best dishes I've had ever was monkfish in Paris, so I figured I'd give this dish a try. Oh My! It was fishy, it was sour-ish, it was not good. I mentioned that to the server; he was uninterested.  We also tried some paella; it looked so great cooking at the Paella station that we had to. I didn't think it was that awesome. It was done well, but the flavors were uninteresting to me.

Things that are good/ok:
Gambas al Ajillo: Hard to do this one wrong; nice garlic/butter sauce
Huevos Fritos con Caviar: If the egg were a bit less cooked and there was a dash of additional flavor or texture, this might have been perfect.
Canelones de cerdo: Pork and Foie Gras canelones with bechamel sauce. This was good, but again, I expected bolder flavors. it could have been amazing, but fell short of that.

Ultimately, my review of Jaleo isn't stellar. What I do like is the energy in this place. I like the decor. I like what the Chef is trying to do. I think a lot of people will enjoy the less-than-traditional ingredients and the attempts at bold flavors. It's a blessing and a curse that I've eating amazing meals in fascinating places; I expect a lot. I would still prefer to be smashed up against a bar with slightly warm wine or Mahou beer enjoying the bold flavors if tapas in Madrid than in any of the US restaurants where I've tried tapas. They try, as Jaleo does, but the food still leans a bit too American for me. 

You see why I'm torn? Temper your expectations, and I think you might like it a lot here =)
three words: FOOSBALL DINNER TABLE. Ask for it next time you go there. Made the amazing food and drinks even more fun!
What an amazing new restaurant in Vegas!

First things first- yes, prices are high in Vegas as it's a tourist location.  Honestly, if you go and visit, there are a lot of places you can go to keep it reasonable- you just have to find them.  :)

That being said, Jaleo isn't someplace I would put in that category.  I LOVE the food here, the atmosphere- everything about it.  For a foodie, it's totally worth the price- but if you're not, maybe eat a large lunch and try just a few plates and have a drink?  No matter which way you go, I highly recommend giving it a try.  Spanish Tapas is such a great way to eat.

Our waitress was amazing, and was extremely helpful in explaining how the menu worked as well as how traditional meals in Spain are enjoyed. We started off with the very confusing drink menu on their i pad- there were so many things listed, we got her advice and let her pick for us.  I had a glass of Cava (spanish sparkling wine) and my partner had two different glasses of spanish reds- all were right on par with what we said we liked. 

We ordered:
Chorizo Palacios-A slightly spicy cured pork sausage seasoned with pimentón and garlic
Sopa de ajo con huevo-Garlic and bread soup with a slow-cooked egg
Chistorra envuelta en patata frita-Slightly spicy chorizo wrapped in crispy potato
Gambas al ajillo-famous tapa of shrimp sautéed with garlic
Codorniz con salsa de romero y alioli de miel-Grilled quail with rosemary sauce
and honey alioli
Salpicón de cangrejo-Jumbo lump crabmeat with cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes, cauliflower and Sherry dressing 

We also had some traditional muscles, and as someone who usually doesn't care for the texture or taste, I could have had only that for my whole meal and died happy! 

On this trip we visited a new place each night- and this was the winner!! a must try :)
Maybe my review is skewed a bit because I had read some many lukewarm reviews here on Yelp, (i.e. hadn't super high expectaions) but we REALLY liked this place.   The food was delicious and we found the service to be fantastic.   Granted we dined on the early side since we were seeing a show and the place wasn't full yet but any time a waiter gives me a totally honest opinion on his/her own product - even if it sucks - rates as fantastic service to me.   Our waiter totally steered us away from some things on the menu and on to things that were fantastic.   He even told me one dessert was "to be honest, really not that good" -- love that kind of service!!

Would definitely eat here again......
Yes... I would plan a trip to Vegas JUST to try Jose Andres!

Not sure how I can review Jaleo... 
The service is excellent as always with all the Jose Andres staff but in terms of food, I was bit disappointed. 

Las Vegas... in the best Cosmopolitan Hotel, I expected slightly more... 
The highlight on the menu really was the most plain items on the menu: 

Pan con tomate, Toasted slices of rustic bread brushed Pasamontes Manche & Croquetas de pollo Traditional chicken fritters. Yes... It came out in a shoe and kept me entertained. 

The soup Gazpacho de remolacha con queso de cabra y naranjas, Chilled red beet soup with goat cheese and oranges definitely acquire unique taste... It was interesting. 
The ambiance is interesting but I still would put Baazar at SLS hotel in beverly hills way above Jaleo. ( Sorry guys!)

I'm definitely interested in going back to try e by Jose Andres though.
There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas that you will never run out of options, however, many of them are just outposts of New York restaurants and why go away and eat at the same places you can at home? I like to try places that I don't have the opportunity to at home. Jose Andres' Jaleo is not in New York and was recently listed in the top 100 restaurants in the country. Having been to many places on the list, Jaleo was the first reservation we made for this trip. 

Jaleo is served tapas style and has many modern takes on old classics some were exceptional (the chicken wing special with sherry reduction and a blue cheese)  others fell a little flat to me (patatas bravas) and others way over salted (lobster paella). The best part of Jaleo was the table seated next to us. Terance and Alfonso, two brothers from California. We shared some food with them so we were all able to try some bites of food we otherwise wouldn't have ordered.  Boys, don't forget to get in touch when you come to NYC!

Wings with blue cheese on the rim (the best thing we ate here)

All in all, Jaleo was just very ok, and in my opinion, not top 100 restaurants in the country good. I don't think Jaleo will be on the list next time I'm in Vegas. That being said, there is another Jose Andres that I will give a try, China Pablano. 

To see pictures or read more, go to http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/jaleo-las-vegas.html
The food here was fantastic....the only problem was there wasn't enough of it!  I went with 6 people and we loved every bit of the food, but the bill was more than $400, and we left there to go to the pizza place next door.  I give it two stars because the food was good, but the best part of the whole meal was the gin and tonics.  By far, this is the best drink I have ever had in my life.....You MUST get this drink if you go to this restaurant.  Just keep in mind that there is a great pizza place in the alley next to the restaurant.
Mouais bon... Première soirée à Vegas et ce restaurant me laisse un petit goût amer... Non pas que c'était mauvais, au contraire, mais qu'on s'entende bien, payer 115 dollars tip included pour quatre assiettes de tapas, deux desserts, un verre de vin, une bière, deux cafés et un pan con tomate, je trouve ça tout simplement hors de prix...!

Il ne faut quand même pas abuser... 10 dollars les patatas bravas... composées de chips recouvertes de ketchup et sauce pimentée ? Hmm, comment dire... Ca fait un peu mal quand même ! Même si le goût n'était pas si mal...!

Pourquoi je mets 3 étoiles et pas 2, alors ? Parce que le cadre est très sympa, parce que c'est Las Vegas et qu'on était content de trouver un restaurant pas trop kitsch et à l'ambiance branchée sans en faire des tonnes. Mais bon, sincèrement pour ce prix là, j'espère qu'il y a mieux ailleurs !!
what i liked: 
over easy fried egg with caviar, toasted bread with roasted tomato and anchovy, and the braised veal cheeks... i also had the iberico paella. solid.. the dishes were pretty simple, but you can taste every ingredient all at heightened levels.. i wish i would have paced myself while waiting for the paella...

we were kinda rushing to catch a show. our server went above and beyond to accommodate..
Small plates.  Yummy flavor.  Bacon wrapped dates, fried......dessert with bacon.  Carne Asada, addictive.  They had a brioche with jamon, manchego cheese and a truffle butter.  Think of it as what a grilled cheese sandwich will be when it gets sophisticated.

And a flan for dessert that was just the perfect flan....the whipped cream and sorbet complemented it with a subtle glow of flavor.

I'd go there again in a heartbeat.  Absolutely on the must go to list in Vegas.  Forego the hookers, you'll talk more about this meal afterwards, even with the guys. It's that good.
Fantastic! Amazing food, great service. I loved that the servers could describe to me how a dish was cooked and everything that was in it. The Iberico ham was ridiculously good but then it always is. The chicken fritters, and veal cheeks were out of this world...This place left an everlasting impression on my taste buds. Since I'm from LA I am now planning my visit to Bazaar
Don't get me wrong, Jaleo has excellent tapas food, but the portions are for feeding a 2 year old. 4 small pieces of sliced carne asade, juicy tender and flavorful. 16 bucks? wow, yes you are in vegas but the portion did not meet the price. The chicken fritters were also amazing, reminds me of chicken pot pie all nestled in a breading. so good we ordered another one. also, the boneless chicken wings were great, not too greasy not to salty. Service here is great and right on task, but 225 for 4 people is a bit much. We were still hungry we went to the secret pizza place down the hall....read that review too.
So yelp let me down on this one. 

I was expecting to get a trendy atmosphere, great food and good drinks. We did not get that. 

We arrived about 5 minutes before our reservation. We waited for about 15 minutes and then were seated. We were seated in the booths that were open to the hotel. They were WAY too close together. We may as well been dining to the people next to us because we could hear everything they said. We ended up talking to the couple next to us and they were very nice but still, not what I was looking for. There were also a table of people sitting at at table right outside the restaurant. They had their children playing on the foozball table and they were screaming and making noise and basically ruining our dinner. Not that it was quiet to begin with. The music was way too loud. 

So a HUGE thumbs down for the atmosphere. I guess I am just too old for trendy. 

We ordered the tomato bread, the cod empanadas, the manchengo queso, and the boneless chicken wings. Our waitress said that there was a chicken special that was so much better than the chicken wings so she would bring that instead. I did not object but I should have. 

The tomato bread was yummy. $6 bucks.

The manchengo queso was an actual small slice of cheese with some dried fruit. I was thinking I was going to get some sort of yummy dip. Nope, a small piece of hard cheese. Wow Chef! Did they teach you that in culinary school?  I suppose queso does mean cheese in Spanish so it is my fault for assuming. $9 bucks

The cod empanadas were more like wontons to me. They were fried with pureed cod inside and honey drizzled on the outside. The taste was decent but the texture made me want to gag a little bit. 

The boneless chicken wings. These chicken wings cost $18 dollars for 4 of them. While I was eating them, I was thinking.."These are not any better than Buffalo Wild Wings." NOT IMPRESSED. If those were sooo much better than the other ones, I would have hated to taste those. 

My husband ordered a glass of scotch and I ordered a bramble (house specialty drink). They were $12 bucks a piece.

Our bill came to about $90 dollars because after those food fails and the noise, we decided to leave and go somewhere else. We were still starving. The plates are ridiculously small for what they charge. And here's the thing. THEY AREN'T THAT GOOD. I don't get it. 

We will never step foot inside that place again. What a disappointment.
First - I love tapas, a fun way to eat while trying several different foods.  We (6) arrived for our reservation and tried to listen to our server explain the various dishes.  Tried to hear - this is a very loud place.  The server tried his best, but we just couldn't all hear.  We tried several dishes - most were just mediocre at best - very small portions, lacking seasoning.  Expect an expensive meal and to go away with an empty feeling.
Trendy.... but really bad service and the food is just alright. Super over priced - typical Vegas, I guess. You'll probably leave hungry.
I thought it was just okay. The Sangria was really yummy and the service was extraordinary.. that's about it..
We lived in Washington DC for two years and Jaleo was one of our favorite restaurants. We recently went to Las Vegas and because of our fondness for the Jaleo in DC we made a reservation for the Jaleo in Las Vegas. 

The décor at the Jaleo in Las Vegas is very contemporary, which fits it since it is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. We ordered the Patatas bravas, whose name and description was exactly the same as our favorite dish in DC. To our horror, instead of deliciously pan fried fingerling potatoes topped with a yummy garlic aioli and a spicy tomato sauce that we get at the DC Jaleo, out came a bowl of potato chips with a garlic aioli and a tomato sauce squirted on top of them. This was the first of many disappointments of the evening.

Long story short, we will not be going back to the Jaleo in Las Vegas.  With that said, we are looking forward to going back to DC and visiting the fabulous Jaleo there.
I was really looking forward to this place and felt let down big time. The service was excellent BUT the food was not what I'd expect from the prices they charge. It was just "meh" in my book. Not bad or anything, but I would never come back again because the prices don't match up with the food.
I wouldn't return. The food wasn't as inventive, or put together as I expect from Chef Andres, perhaps we didn't select the best options. The portions were quite small, even for tapas. They all seemed slapped together too...when you are paying $15-30 a tapa I expect a bit of care...

We asked to switch tables after being seated directly behind a noisy server station. We asked the server if we could keep him and he said the new table would be "a little too far" what?? seriously?

We hadn't even ordered any food at this point, and then our new server came over, and with no introduction, or "sorry the other table was noisy, is this table better? she simply just said "do you want to add anything?" She seemed like more of an order taker than a server, with other tables around us too.

Overall, the servers seemed to be more into socializing with eachother, even the managers. We had a female manager circle around our table twice, and she asked a table of two older genteman twice how everything was, but never stopped by us once, or any other tables in the area, that we noticed. 

We felt like we were more at the Plant Hollywoood of Tapas....servers who seem to be interested more in eachother, or being somewhere else completely, and an air that we are just "tourists".  And food that is put together for the masses..

My husband and I have actually worked in a restaurant in Times Square, so I get the frustration of working with certain types of tourists, or especially foreign tourists that don't think they need to tip, or tip really poorly...but there are still tourists who appreciate dining, and superb service, and will tip for it.  We would have....

Jaleo is just one of those places you feel like more of an inconvenience to the staff...
Jose Andres my dear, you certainly had me at Bazaar! That is why when I heard that he had a restaurant in Vegas, I was like "WE GO TO DO IT!!!!" Yes.. I even said it like that... I just get overly excited about food and my Jose! Hehe.. yes.. it is like that now.. PLUS.. I am a bigger sucker for Spanish tapas.. any experience that allows me to nibble and share different small meals and something modern, I will be ALL OVER IT.

Jaleo is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and it is a restaurant where it allows you to enjoy a variety of small plates, enjoy authentic paellas, superb sangria, and a wide selection of the finest Spanish cheeses, wines, and Sherries, all in a lively, casual atmosphere. It is definitely more of a casual environment, if you don't wear anything fancy, you don't feel out of place at all which is nice for tourists. 

Service- Good and efficient. Changes your plate after a few meals which I like when waiters do on their own. 

Now lets talk about the food:

Sangria- We ordered the red sangria of course full of flavor but DAYAM that stuff is strong. I don't know if they don't add enough ice or they add a ton of wine but yea.. REALLY strong. I could hold my liquour and I was already pretty buzzed after 2 drinks..

Pan con tomate with jamón Serrano Fermín- Basically a nice rustic bread with a spread of tomato sauce and a slice of ham on top. So basic, so simple, but oh so good! I would recommend you get the one with manchego cheese if you love your cheese. The pair with the saltiness of the cheese is delish!

Croquetas de pollo- Traditional chicken fritters.. this was okay. Basically taste like chicken croquettes, same fried batter as the croquettes. Nothing special or out of this world. 

Chistorra envuelta en patata frita- Slightly spicy chorizo wrapped in crispy potato. This is a must get at Jaleo. It is so cute! Its like little mini chorizos wrapped around by a potato chip and served on a tooth pick. I love the saltiness of the tiny chorizo and the crunchiness of the potato. Together is great!

Empanadillas de brandada de bacalao- 'Empanada' of cod brandade with honey, delicious delicious delicious. Careful when you eat this cause its all gooey brandade inside.  For some reason I thought it was be actual fish pieces inside but it is basically liquid fish. Sounds weird but its good!

Gambas al ajillo- The very, very famous tapa of shrimp sautéed with garlic. Deliciously garlicky perfectly cooked shrimp!

Butifarra casera con mongetes 'Daniel Patrick Moynihan'- Homemade grilled pork sausage with sautéed white beans. Who doesn't like sausage with beans.. definitely homey and rustic taste. 

Paella de pollo y lobster- Lobster paella is super salty. I was really disappointed by this dish. It was just regular paella, hardly any lobster meat, and just super salty!!

Flan al estilo tradicional de mamá Marisa con espuma de crema catalana- A classic Spanish custard with 'espuma' of Catalan cream and oranges. Man.. the texture of the flat is firm custardy, it is sweet, plus the sourness of the oranges is delicious! Not too sweet which is how I like my dessert. 

Overall good and fun meal that is not crazy inventive but interesting to see his take on Spanish tapas in a different perspective. I would come back here again to try other dishes next time!
The quality of food was what I had expected for a tapas restaurant in Las Vegas, but even for tapas, I was slightly surprised at the extremely small portions over the higher price. I mean we're talking 2 bites at most if you are sharing (which I was) with somebody else! The Pan con tomate was pretty much the only 4 bites I had in succession on one plate. Think mini food.

That being said the flavors were spot on and even exceptional when it came to carne asada, the roasted peppers were a great compliment to the slightly spicy beef! My biggest disappointment was with the 'lobster', aka langoustine, which I felt a little lead astray on by our server's description. When asked how large the tail was, she gestured a hand width of about 6 inches. To me, this justified the ~$16 price tag (I can't remember exactly how much it was but it was on the higher end). When it came out, the lavender scented foam was slight, not overpowering, but the meat in the tail was less than that of a large shrimp you find in a neighborhood grocery store. I felt so bad after one nibble, I gave the rest to my boyfriend to try and make up for the fact that I bombed on this suggestion. Other than that, the tempura shrimp were done well with a very nice dipping sauce, and the special (gourmet grilled cheese) was to die for. I mean--how can you go wrong with grilled cheese?

Overall I felt our $120 bill was a little overpriced for the emptiness I still had lingering in my stomach. We did enjoy the experience, however I will skip Jaleo for a meal just as expensive somewhere else knowing that I will walk away without a guilty feeling. I'll leave that to the craps table.
All I can say is Jose Andres is a genius.
Friday night 3/23... they did not honor their private room reservation we made 6 months in advance which we called a week prior to reconfirm. We had 3 March birthdays flying in to celebrate together and we were told this place would be a fun hip place to go to celebrate. Hip yes, fun... well, due to the fact they bumped us and lied to us, it wasn't going well. Later we found out "Cosmopolitan Executives" were in the room and they didn't "leave in time". Again another lie, they were still eating main courses. I'm sure this doesn't happen often, but the fact is, a place such as this pride themselves in excellent service and on this night, they failed and lied about it too.
Unique tapas dishes. Iberico ham w manchego cheese and truffles, potato salad w fresh tuna, paella with squid! Tasty.
I am a HUGE fan of Spanish food and Jose Andres - I was really looking forward to eating at Jaleo but was really disappointed in all facets except the service. The waiter was great and explained everything very nicely. Unfortunately the food came out slow, it wasn't very tasty, I felt it was overpriced for the portion sizes (yes I realize these are tapas), and the specials (paella with rabbit) even fell flat. On the plus side they had a good drink menu and the atmospshere is very nice. Thank god for the pizza stand next door because after spending $200 for 2 people (only 1 drink each) I left starving.
Visited December 2011
i ate here for the first time this weekend and was uber excited to try this place out!  i was disappointed for a handful of reasons...will i go back? probably not...vegas is kind of a mecca for food....so many different cuisines and types of food there, i definitely would not go back...

first off...its expensive...TOO expensive if you ask me...

i understand that spanish tapas and "tapas" in general are small plates with smaller portions BUT cmon man...how are you going to charge what you charge for this food?  

so here is what i ordered...

mini burgers with peppers and alioli...these 3 sliders tasted like sliders. normal sliders...it supposed to be made from special spanish pigs, but they tasted like normal state side pigs to me.

pressed ham sando with manchego cheese and truffles...i really cant say anything negative about this sandwich...i loved it...like to the point where i could just order 3 or 4 orders and just eat them one by one...very truffley, very buttery, salty from the ham, and very cheesy...great sandwich indeed.

spanish omelet with potatoes and onions...i make this at home all the time. its just an omelet with runny egg and 5 slices of thin potato slices in there...wth?  so boring.

homemade pork sausage stew with pearl onions and mushrooms...i really wanted to like this dish, but for as much flavor that there was here...it was overpoweringly salty...like to the point where i wanted to gag salty...

seared scallops with romesco sauce...these scallops were cooked well...they give you 2 scallops for 15 bucks...at Yardhouse you order extra scallops with their tomato cream sauce and its 20 bucks for 8 scallops the same size and taste similar...

grilled skirt steak with pepper confit...overcooked. and chewy. not great in any way.

im reading that the service there is phenomenal...our servers werent. they werent bad in any way, but i mean cmon....thats your job...so just do it...

oh yeah...not only did i get a mean stomach ache and indigestion that kept me up all night...my g.f. ended up yacking from the food as well...i dunno what it was exactly, but something was not cooked right...i eat spanish tapas all over the place and im always fine to go the next day...not hunched over the porcelain bowl the next morning...

(why 2 stars? like i wrote earlier. that pressed ham sandwich with truffle and manchego is truly a delight.  take my advice and just order 4 of them and go about your trip)
Other than having to wait about a half hour past our 8pm sat nite reservation...this place was great...from Bocadillo sandwiches with Iberico ham and manchego to the pork sandwich sliders and pork stew....all awesome...the lobster tail paella was just ok.  We got out of there with wine and tip for about $70/head...not bad for Vegas...I'll be back...
Let me begin....CAN WE SAY RIP OFF!!!!!  What a joke!!  This place serves plates they call Tapas for full entree prices!!!   We were so annoyed when we got the portions as we really thought someone was playing a practical joke on us when they waitress came over with the dishes!   We all looked at each other and said "ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!  The portions were not big enough even to feed one person let alone a party of 4 people!  Grant it...I am from NYC and are used to paying top dollar for my meals but atleast you get a meal...not a snack!    I don't mind paying high prices for good food and normal entree portions....but this place was truly a rip off and not sure how they are getting away with this!!    DO NOT GO THERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO EAT DINNER TWICE!!  Because we all left hungry and actually went to another restaurant to dine since the meal at Jaleo was a joke!!
This is a very sexy looking restaurant.  Cosmo is already a sexy hotel so it's no wonder it is located here.  Used to work at a tapas place so I was already familiar with the cuisine and let me just say, it doesn't get better.  Had some lamb that was just roasted for about 12 hours or so on a spit right there in the dining room.  Shrimps, mushrooms, cannellonis that were just velvety delicious.  It was all just amazing.  Dessert topped it off with chocolate, crumbles, mousse, and evoo.  My server was informative but not overbearing, which I appreciate.  That and my cousin was very cool company. Definately want to go back and have another awesome meal here.
Pop in for a quick bit after a 14 hour Grand Canyon bus tour around 10pm Monday night. This place was packed...
Ordered 7 items including 1/2 carafe of Sangria, bill came to $120 before tips.
Gambas al Ajillo (prawns) good sauce, prawns nice size I think there were 5 or 6 for $14
Carne Asada, grilled to a nice medium $16 (ok nothing special)
Pollo Croquettas, crispy on the outside and a nice creamy silky chicken on the inside. good
Canelones with pork and fois gras. Can't really taste the fois gras, taste like salted potatoes added to the pork. OK, not terrific
Rossejat...angel hair pasta pealla with prawns. This is my favorite dish. It's like angel hair pasta that's been cooked with prawn soup base. A steal @ $15Yummy for my tummy.
For dessert we had the flan. Very smooth texture. Pricey @ $12
Finally the Sangria we ordered had quite a kick. Not enough fruit for me but the taste is right. $25.00
Jaleo is no Bazaar, but it's pretty damn close.  During my last trip to Vegas, I somehow managed to snag a reservation at e by Jose Andres the DAY BEFORE I wanted to dine there, but I just couldn't drop $250 on one meal (especially after all the gluttony  that occurred the evening before).  I figured Jaleo wouldn't disappoint.

The way this joint is set up is pretty unique.  It's inside the Cosmopolitan, and you take an escalator up to the umpteenth floor (or so it seems), and as you reach the top of the escalator (after following a bunch of signs that direct you toward the restaurants in the hotel/casino), the restaurant is right in front of you.  There are no walls.  It's just restaurant, in the middle of the casino.  We were seated promptly (as we had a reservation).  The service was excellent.  The food was good, but like I said, it was no Bazaar.  

Loved the iPad cocktail menu.  Enjoyed the carne asada and shrimp dishes.  The flan was pretty awesome as well (the flavor had a citrusy undertone, which was unique).
Over was very unimpressed. I understand the thought process of using an iPad for drink menus but when there are 6 of you at a table with just one, we wasted a lot of time. Secondly. The food was mediocre at best. The potato wrapped chorizo looked like a potato chip wrapped miniature weenie and pretty much tasted that way.  Like something served at a Super Bowl party. The scallops had a ton of sand in them Bleck. Over all I would never recommend this place to anyone. Sorry
Gazpacho and steamed mussels were AMAZING. Octopus was ok, nothing too amazing. Portion sizes are sized so that multiple dishes are ordered. Service was helpful and friendly; little slow though. Must try!
After arriving late on a Friday night, its always a plus finding a GOOD meal open late!  Jaleo hit the spot.  This place was pretty packed being after 10pm but we ordered some drinks at the bar and got seated before we could take our first sips.

Food:
- Croquetas de pollo - chicken fritters
- 'Rossejat' - fried pasta paella
- Codorniz a la Catalana - grilled quail
- Carne asada con piquillos 'Julián de Lodosa'*
pretty good across the board.  Yes its pricy but yes its good food!  So good we ordered the Rossejat twice!

Drinks:
- Jose' Gin & Tonic - pretty good, you get one of those large ice balls in it, but maybe not worth the $17
- Sangria - delicious, but would take Julian Serrano's over it.

Great food, great atmosphere, great service, and great hours!
I have never been a fan of brussels sprouts and now I'm a fan if it's peeled and cooked. Sooo good!  Get the sautéed mushrooms and egg cavier as well. These 3 were my fav.
Before Jaleo, I had only been to Cafe Atlantico. I'm *dying* to try Mini Bar and e. 

The staff here felt a little green. Our staff felt like they were taken from Olive Garden and plopped in Jaleo. Yes, they try their best and they are cute but they could be a little more refined in terms of service and knowledge of the menu ingredients. I guess that comes with time and training. 

The food was all delicious and exciting! 

Ham platter (comes with tomato bread) --- oooooh acorn-fed, black footed Iberian pig
Chicken fritters served in a Camper shoe --- it's like deep fried chicken pot pie
Potato wrapped chorizo --- potato chip sausage 
Salmon carpaccio
Garlic shrimp (ask for bread)
Anchovy stuffed olives with LIQUID olives (courtesy of Ferran Adria)
A veggie dish with six golden quail eggs --- this was like ratatouille with a fried egg 
Paella of the day was veggie --- white asparagus, eggplant, squash, all lovely
Tortilla de patatas --- I could have made this at home but it was nice to eat
Jaleo definitely isn't the Bazaar, but it's still a pretty great restaurant by Jose Andres. 
In fact, I was really surprised to see some of the items I've had at the Bazaar  on the menu at Jaleo.
The waitress recommended that we order 2-3 dishes per person; we had 4 girls, and this is what we ordered:

1. Tortilla de Patata: Spanish omelet with onions and potatoes. Really fluffy omelet.  My friend who loves Spain and Spanish food really enjoyed it, especially since she has had such a hard time finding traditional Spanish Tortillas here in the States.

2. Garlic Shrimp: The sauce was really good, but this dish wasn't all that memorable

3. Patatas Bravas: Jose's version of this traditional Spanish bar food. Basically potato chips topped with spicy tomato sauce and garlic alioli. Really delicious combinations of flavors and textures.

4. Croquetas de pollo:  Chicken fritters SERVED IN A REAL SHOE! just like the Bazaar used to. I was so disappointed to learn that the croquetas at the Bazaar came in 'fake' shoes now. So i was so excited to see these come in a real shoe! The croquetas were AMAZING as well.

5. Rossejat: A paella type dish with pasta, shrimp and squid. Served with an amazing garlic alioli. Definitely comparable to the Rossejat at the Bazaar.

6. Grilled Quail: served with a really great apple puree and pinenuts.

7.Bikini de jamón Ibérico, 
queso manchego y trufas: Pressed sandwich with iberico ham, manchego cheese, and truffles. BEST THING WE HAD ALL NIGHT!

8. Olive Oil Ice Cream: Another dish that is also served at the Bazaar. Really interesting combo of flavors. Highly recommend it for adventurous palates and grapefruit lovers. 

9. Sangria: Great, but nothing I haven't had before.

Also, this place deserves 5 stars for their service. Our waitress was so sweet and attentive! I had really wanted to try the flan too, but they ran out! It wasn't even that late! I'll definitely be back to try it next time I am in town :)
Wandering through the culinary halls of the Cosmopolitan can be a daunting task.  There is no shortage of wonderful restaurant from which to choose, and at some point you just have to pick one.  Last night, we decided to pick two.  

My wife and I decided that it was time to go experience Jose Andres, Vegas style.  Being from the DC area we had been exposed to his Epicurean talents but were not sure what to expect from this Jaleo or China Poblano.  With Jose it is best to expect the unexpected at all times.

From the seating area directly in front of Jaleo we surveyed the crowd inside.  This place has an electric feel from hallway.  There are several different styles of tables including a foosball table conversion that seems a bit distracting.  The rest of the tables are diverse in style, and draw one's eye around the room.

In the center of the restaurant there is a small open-fire kitchen where they prepare the paella.  We sampled the lobster paella and it was phenomenal.  We also ordered an array of small plates and had an absolute blast.  The winner for me from Jaleo was the gin and tonic oysters that were so fresh and flavorful it made me wonder how they had gotten to the middle of the desert so quickly.

The service was prompt, attentive and friendly.  We have yet to indulge in E, but this experience made me realize that I must do this, and that I must do it soon!
Not real Spanish food. Truly overpriced. Overcooked shrimp (gasp!).

Rossejat sucked; they only give you one dried up quail; only memorable thing here is that they serve one particular dish in a hiking boot. 

Truffle sandwich thing okay, but then again truffles are always okay.

Go elsewhere.
Authentic and done very well. Service is good. Skirt steak was the best.
All great tapas. Pricey. And I only complain about prices when the portions are small. But look up the definition of Tapas. Bocaditos might be more appropriate. 

If you have the money to burn, come.

My favorite part was when the hot waiter poured a lemonade/Spanish beer mixture into my mouth. ;-p

You can never go wrong with Sangria. I was slurring my words by the second cup.

This is definitely the place to be pre-Marquee.... or heck even post-Marquee.

Oh and the lobster paella was okay. My mom's is better. But if you don't have the luxury of having a Spanish mother, then you'd probably enjoy theirs. Just get the damn full lobster because we ordered the half and I was left yearning.
Let me start by saying that I have only been to this place once, and I always feel that to get a truly accurate picture of the food and service it's necessary to give it at least a couple of chances.  Alright, now that I've put that disclaimer out there, onward with my review.

This place is in the uber-trendy Cosmopolitan Hotel.  It's tapas-style, Spanish fare.  The menu is pretty large and diverse - there's a little something for everybody, including cheeses, hams, soups, salads, various types of meat, vegetarian offerings, paella, you get the picture.  You should be able to find something you'll like.

We (my husband and I) started out with a beet salad, liquid olives, and chorizo sausages wrapped in sliced potato.  Not sure if the liquid olives are authentic Spanish or more of a gimmick, but interesting, nonetheless.  Beet salad was pretty standard, but good, and the potato-wrapped chorizo sausages were very good.  Next we decided to order the octopus and something that was advertised as a pork sausage stew.  This was my first time trying octopus, and I enjoyed it well enough.  The pork sausage stew was really just pork meatballs with sauteed mushrooms and pearl onions - I wouldn't call it a "stew."  It would have been quite tasty, actually, but the meatballs were WAY oversalted.  We had wine with our meal, but the cocktails looked quite good.

The atmosphere of this place was okay, but there was something about it that made me feel like I was at a restaurant in a mall.  Maybe it's the way the front of the place is wide open to the "commons" area outside, I don't know.  Other than that, it's lively and bustling inside, just as you would expect a tapas-style restaurant to be.  The service was okay.  Our server was attentive, but she didn't seem to happy to be there.  Every time she came over, she plastered on the fakest smile you can imagine (think the really angry girl from the movie "Waiting").  At one point, she came over, turned her back on us to whisper something to the busser at the table next to us, who then proceeded to come and wipe our table down.  I really don't know what she said - at best it came off kind of rude, at worst it felt like it was something negative about what pigs we were.  I also overheard some other servers right behind us bitching about other customers.  Might want to save that gossip for behind the kitchen door!

All in all, decent food, decent atmosphere, bizarre experience with the waitstaff.  I'd go back if someone I was with really wanted to go.
I have been here twice. These tapas are not like anything I have in Spain, but who cares, it is all good. Some reviews complain that it is expensive, but most decent restaurants in Las Vegas are. 
The food was all excellent and the service impeccable. One note. On one dish, the waitress used the term " for an additional charge, we can put black truffles on top".  If a top notch restaurant says that, you know it is not a nominal charge. $16.00 is what it worked out to. Not a complaint, but an observation.
This place just looks like fun from the outside; the tables spill into the surrounding area like a Spanish sidewalk cafe. We get inside and it is loud, boisterous, as if to say, "come partake in the Fiesta of food."

The waitress is great, making recommendations; we start with the sangria, oh so good.

We try an assortment of plates and flavors: 
Bread w jamon serrano, paella with lobster (somehow I expected more lobster on such an expensive portion)
Beet salad and Carne asada
Chorizo wrapped in potato chip: mildly spice, sorry to say it reminded me of pigs in a blanket, only crunchy.

Chocolate flan w olive oil drizzle--very yummy!

Really enjoyed this place, but I still think Firefly has better food if you are willing to go just slightly off the strip.
I'm not too big of a fan when it comes to Tapas.  Don't get me wrong- it's just not my thing, but Jaleo definitely impressed with their creative offerings and fancy atmosphere!

Pros:
 * Elegant design with seating that can accommodate larger parties if need be. 
 * Creative tapa dishes 
 * Delicious food.  I liked nearly every dish ordered.
 * Friendly staff

Cons:
 * A bit overpriced, but that's expected.  Afterall, it is inside the Cosmo (there's an exception though:  secret pizza place).
 * Seating was a bit too close to one another.  Not much privacy that's for sure.
 
Overall, this was an interesting place.  They have tables outside of the restaurant (side of the hostess stand) that actually double as a Foose Ball table!  Everything we ordered was pretty good. 

Tips:
* A must order is the Veal cheeks and morels.  It was absolutely amazing!!
* Order the chicken fritters and be ready for an interesting surprise.  I don't wanna ruin it for you...all I'll say is that the presentation is one of kind!  
* Park / Enter through the East side elevators.  It takes you straight to the restaurant floors and Jaleo is conveniently right there =)
I ate at Jaleo with a group, and we requested a tasting menu.  We were served an eclectic selection of 10-15 dishes from the menu, perfectly portioned for sharing.  

Our meal started with smaller tapas dishes, such as assorted stuffed olives, baguettes with tomato and anchovies, and Jaleo's creative take on a classic cheese plate (You have to try it to understand).  It moved on to heartier bites of raw and cooked fish and meats.  Though I was concerned at the beginning of the meal that the small portions would leave me hungry at the end of the night, we were practically begging our servers to stop bringing food by the time they brought out dessert.

Personal highlights for me were gin and tonic oysters on the half-shell, fried cheese stuffed dates, braised veal cheeks, and a fantastic flan for dessert.  Some of the dishes were forgettable, but there was nothing that was truly disappointing.  Each displayed a fair amount of whimsy in its presentation.  

Have one gin and tonic, and then drink sangria.  Trust me.
This was my second time here, and quite possibly my last. I'm a fan of Jose Andres' restaurants, but the food tends to be a little hit-or-miss. I really like Bazaar out in LA, but the hit-to-miss ratio was considerably less favorable at Jaleo. Nothing overwhelmingly great, but the lobster salad was good, as were the gambas con gabardina, and the endive with goat cheese. The pan con tomate with anchovies and the the bacon-wrapped dates were both ok, although nothing spectacular. And we should have stayed away from the patatas bravas, which for some strange reason consisted of a bowl lays potato chips squirted with sirracha and mayonnaise. 
The real killer for the evening was the service. I realize dumb people have to work someplace, but do they all have to be assigned to my table? The bus boy kept awkwardly climbing over us or shoving himself between us trying to take our dishes and glasses when we clearly still had food and pitchers of sangria in front of us. At one point he practically tried to take the fork out of my date's mouth mid-bite. An I once had to slap at his hand to keep him from taking my plate. He's very lucky he didn't catch a fork to the hand. The waiter was really no better, and screwed up our order at least 5 times. It's 3 days later and I'm still waiting for my gazpacho. I also recommend checking your bill before putting your credit card down, as our waiter screwed that up, too.
Although the noise level is somewhat high for a date, I thought it was still alright to take one there.

For two of us, we ordered about seven dishes, which filled us up pretty well.  As some of you might know, the food here is tapas style, served and proportioned as appetizers.

Like China Poblano and E, they still manage to stay creative with their dishes.  I remember our potato wrapped chorizos were served in what looked like a bowling shoe.  We also tried the seared scallops, which seemed to really soak in a nutty taste from the pine nuts and the dressing they used with it.

Out of everything I tasted though, the best of them all were the oysters in lemon gin and tonic.  Amazing.  To tell you the truth, I'm not really a big fan of oysters.  Unlike it's shellfish brothers, they manage to retain a strong, ocean taste regardless of what you do to them (and really, there's not much many like to do to them so as to preserve their raw state).  But here at Jaleo, they manage to have the lemon alchy mix to subdue the putrid ocean taste.  

Sorry to all the oyster enthusiasts- if you like your oysters as raw tasting as possible, then don't order it from here.  Everything else though, is good to go.
We were a bit disappointed with Chef Jose Andres' China Poblano, so we didn't have high expectations when we ventured out to Jaleo on our last night in Vegas.  There was no need to worry!! This place was fantastic!!

We were seated immediately for our reservation and greeted by our friendly waiter, who made some great suggestions for the tapas style dishes.

We started with jamon iberico.....OMG...melt in your mouth, salty, nutty goodness of the iberico pig.  We were both in awe....we started to feel much better about our meal here after that.

We then had the liquid olives....how do they do that?  I think the liquid olives tasted more like olives than the actual stuffed olives that came with it.  Both were soooo good!

After that, we had the spicy chorizo wrapped in crispy potato...perfect combo.  Loved the flavor of the spicy chorizo...left a bit of heat but not too much.

My larger dish pick was the Rossejat....paella made with angel hair like pasta and shrimp.  There was ham in there as well.  Delicious!!  I especially loved the crispy edges that burned a little against the cast iron skillet.  It was served with some garlic butter sauce, which I dipped the shrimps in....just heavenly.

My BF's pick of the night was Secreto Iberico....the skirt steak of the iberico pig, which came with pan con tomate.  This was THE BEST pork dish we both have ever had.  It was so juicy, tender, flavorful....ok, I'm drooling just thinking about that wonderful piece of meat....mmmmm.  Pan con tomate was good too, but nothing compared to this piece of meat.  I think we'll be dreaming about it until the next time we can hit Vegas again.

Dessert - flan and some apple tart thing...can't remember the exact name, but also very delicious.  Apple and cinnamon wrapped in brioche with vanilla bean ice cream...so good.  Flan had a bit of a citrus taste to it but the consistancy was perfect.  

If you're anywhere near Vegas, go here and try the secreto iberico.  You will not be disappointed.  Skip China Poblano and head straight here to Jaleo...I wish we had, so we could've had time to have it twice!!!
Jaleo was a really fun place to go with friends. Tapas is always cool, and the cosmopolitan was my favorite hotel in Vegas. I loved the tomato bread! It tasted so fresh. The garlic shrimp was also fantastic. Definitely a fun place! Make sure to make a reservation though because this place gets crowded and the wait is LONG!
A little noisy for a date, but it looks like a good place for drinks with friends. We started at the bar with a half carafe of sangria and a gin and tonic. I didn't like the sangria as much as I thought I would. It just tasted like red wine to me. The gin and tonic was really good, but it is expensive. :(

We ordered the garlic soup, dates with bacon, monk fish, patatas bravas, brussel sprout salad, and the lamb ribs. We wanted to get the paella instead of the ribs, but they only make one type of paella each night and it happened to be lobster. If you have food allergies make sure you ask your waiter about it. Their seafood stock uses crab meat so I couldn't eat it...really disappointed about that, but what can you do. 

The only thing I disliked was the monk fish. It was too sour for my taste. Everything else was great! My favorites were the lamb ribs and the patatas bravas. The meat on the ribs was juicy and had an awesome crust. The patatas bravas is interesting. It's fried potato slices with tomato and garlic sauce but they are SO good...but it is kind of weird to remember one of the highlights of your meal being what was essentially potato chips.
I came here with a group of friends for my birthday dinner. We had the 13 course tasting menu. 

Some initial downsides were: very crowded and has an "energetic" environment. It's difficult to get them to agree to a large dinner, and when they do, you have to do a tasting course. When you do the tasting course you have to sign a contract. If you sign the contract you guarantee the # of folks in your party.

In our case, half the table decided they didn't want to eat and so they walked out. This left me arguing with the F&B manager for the night, who produced a copy of the contract - that was oddly missing the page where I wrote that the size of the party could change (and signed off on by the F&B manager for the restaurant)

I seriously argued with this person for over 20 minutes going back and forth as to the best course of action, while all my guests sat waiting. On my birthday dinner. 

Eventually we reached a draw and decided to just eat. So the food started coming and it was actually AMAZING! It has been a minute so I forget ALL the courses but here are the ones I remember:

- the bruschetta w/ tomato - amazing. I still think about it. 
- dates w/ bacon 
- the paella of course

Unfortunately there were more issues...after the first 4-5 courses came out, we sat for 30 minutes without a single additional course coming. This was actually a good thing (wait and see). After pointing out to the waiter that no food was coming to our table, he went back to the kitchen and did something because orders started coming out, but not in the order on the menu. My guess would be that the kitchen fell behind on our table, got yelled at, and fired whatever they could get immediately. So props to them for getting things moving.

Dessert was delicious. The wine list was amazing. 

And, our F&B minimum was eventually adjusted due to the failure at the table. 

Following are my recommendations for this spot:

- it's too high volume for a large group. Come in smaller groups (less than 10) and order off the menu instead of getting a tasting menu.

- don't sign a contract because if things don't go your way, they'll be inflexible and refuse to work with you, even a little bit.

- if you do sign a contract then get the private room at least. 

I'm giving this spot 5 stars for the food and taking 3 stars away for the awful customer service.
Let's start with the few cons:

One has to ask for water, was never offered water/poured water without asking, even after a long duration of our glasses being empty.
They don't fill water to the top of the glass, and the glasses are rather average sized for water glasses so that kinda sucks.
Wines/drinks are pricey for the 'most part.'
Our waiter, while initially attentive, after we placed our order, we did not see him towards the end of our meal.  We would have ordered another bottle of slightly overpriced wine, if we had seen him.  Their loss.  
Chicken wings were nothing special.  Bar food chicken wings are on average, better tasting.
Seating arrangements are not the most comfortable, as for most of our night, we were seated pretty close to two other couples.  We made friends though, but in the event we had not, it would have been more of a con.

Pros:
Great variety of wine.
Great food, especially the caviar on organic egg.
Had a few 6 dollar glasses of wine (white and red) options.  We opted for a 30 dollar bottle of wine, which was quite good.
Modern and energetic. 
Quick getting to our seats, friendly host.
Some decently priced food options in comparison to other restaurants at the Cosmopolitan/like-restaurants.

While at first glance, it looks like more cons than pros, the great food really made it 4 stars.  Fun experience to try new food and not feel craycray for ordering 6 menu items for 2 people.  

K Rating: B+
3.5 stars.

Came here with a group of 8 people and we got a private room in the back, away from the really loud main dining room.  The ipad drink menus were probably more trouble than it's worth.  The paper dinner menu is pretty extensive and we relied on the waitress to make some selections for us.  In the end, the food's overpriced and just alright but the lobster paella really saved the day. We had:

Chips and tomato paste. Meh.

Tomato bread with three selections of jamon. Iberico's the best.  Tomato bread was take it or leave it.

Chicken fritters that came in a shoe. Gimmicky but the fritters were good.

Fried eggplant. Very good.  Nice and crispy.

Brussel Sprout salad. Citrus-y and delicious.

Shrimp in a little pan. Since I'm allergic, I refrained. But the table had good reviews.

Lobster Paella for 8 people. It was the piece de resistance! Two waiters carried in a huge copper paella pan which cooked all the paella for 8 people. The lobster was wonderfully done and the rice was loaded with flavor. If we didn't eat this, we'd probably leave hungry!

Grilled Iberico pig - excellent.

Panna Cotta with citrus sorbet - excellent.

Jaleo was an great meal and we had a good time laughing and pointing at the chicken fritters in the tennis shoe. I think I would've been pretty disappointed if it only sampled 2-3 tapas, so dining with a large group provided a good selection for us. I liked my experience but would not come back again.

Oh, and that $17 gin and tonic. It was very good indeed.
The bacon wrapped dates are so good!
Given my love of some of Jose Andres' other restaurants, I had high hopes for Jaleo.  Jaleo, sadly, did not live up to its billing or my expectations.  Portions were exceedingly small, prices were high, and flavors were muted . . . not a good combination for a celebrated restaurant.
  
I love tapas and thus was excited to try lots of different plates.  On my visit I tried the King Crab with diced peppers, the Serrano Ham, the Gin & Tonic Oysters, the Patatas Bravas, the Shrimp sautéed with garlic, the Squid & Shrimp Paella, the Seared Scallops with Romesco Sauce, the Pork Sausage Stew, and the Grilled Skirt Steak with Piquillo Pepper Confit.

Most of the dishes I tried were good but not great.  That being said, The Gin & Tonic Oysters were unique and pretty good as was the Patatas Bravas.  Rather than severing traditional Patatas Bravas, Jose Andres provided his own take on the dish which consisted of potato chips covered with a romesco ketchup and aioli.  The star dish of the evening was the Grilled Skirt Steak with Piquillo Pepper Confit.  The steak was cooked perfectly and was beautifully accented by the Piquillo Pepper Confit which provided just a touch of heat and a wonderful roundness of flavor.  Too bad the portion was minuscule and gone in four bites.

If you temper your expectations Jaleo shouldn't disappoint you, . . . just don't go there thinking you'll be getting a dining experience akin to Zaytinya.
I was craving some rabbit meat. This is wear I found it. So good, I wanted to try one drink but the waiter told that its very sweet and brought over a free sample - he was right, I did not like it, ceviche is as good as it can get, overall ate there several times -  excited to go back every time
Caught an early dinner before a show at the Bellagio. My friend read about their happy hour tapas prices and this is why we went (that and she likes the chef/creator). We were told upon arriving that only D.C. Has that promo.  We decided to stay anyways. Misadvertisement = fail. 

 Service 4 stars 
They offer you an iPad with a wine list to review, but it takes an offionado to know how to search the app. Wine is pricey, and though I was willing, the other couple was not willing to share a bottle over $75. Slim pickins at this point. Still they helped us find a bottle, even after my sending a few bottles back (unopened) because of the incorrectly listed vintages. (yes, I am that person.) The sommelier was kind, understanding, and helpful. 

Food 4 stars
The food was good, but not spectacular. 

Value 2
We like to dine at high class 5star restaurants (perspective here), but didn't find the value of this place to match what we found. I am a regular visitor to Spain, and lived there for 7 mos years ago... Thus I wanted to love this place, but just didn't overall. I am super familiar with tapas style, but this place doesn't represent Spanish style dining well. 

Would not return.
Ausgezeichnete Tapas, alles wirklich empfehlenswert.  Zuvorkommende Bedienung. Sensationell: Flan mit Crema catalana, als Dessert Weltklasse !! Achtung: Tapas!, d.h. Pro Person ca3 bis 4 Gerichte auswählen und dann am Tisch teilen. 
Ambiente etwas zu laut (Musik) für den Preis, aber " cool", Gerichte werden live zubereitet, teils am offenen Feuer. 
Weinkarte per IPad, naja, aber: funktioniert.
Insgesamt eine Empfehlung
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and really enjoyed myself coming here during the week when you can just walk up for a table.  The staff was very attentive from the hostess stand to the waiter that walked that fine line of enough attention to take care of you but not to annoy.  I loved the tables and great colors within the place, the unique aspect that I liked was that despite the tables being close together it's set up to still be able to not have to listen to conversation at nearby tables.

I normally don't get the paella since I'm impatient but I was pleasantly surprised that they already had the Arroz Mediterraneo already prepared.  Since I was in a good mood I even ordered the Rossejat(traditional paella with shrimp) both were very delicious and just filling without being heavy.  Given my seafood mood I added an order of Gambas con gabardina(beer battered shrimp with capers mayonnaise) which was great to top it all off.  

As usual I didn't try any of the alcoholic drinks but I did finish off with a nice Chamomile tea from loose leaf and even came with a timer for the strength you desire.
It's always fun trying out new restaurants by famed chef's especially out in Vegas.  This trip was no different as we started off the weekend by dining here at Jaleo.  Can't beat a weekend filled with gambling and fine dining.

After the shitty 6 hour drive out to Vegas plus the 112+ degeree weather we had to deal with, dinner at Jaleo was definitely worth the suffering.  This restaurant was packed and luckily we were able to make reservations a week before.  Doubt anyone was seated without a table.  

There was only one negative point to our dinner which was the fact that patrons couldn't order any paella they wanted.  Apparently, the chef determines what paella to make and the order in which he does so.  At the time we were seated, we were disappointed to find out that he was making the chicken and rabbit paella next and the server wasn't sure when he was going to make the lobster paella.  The lobster paella was the sole reason for us dining here on a Friday night.

We started the meal off with the croquetas de pollo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ.  I had just recently dined at Racion in Pasadena and thought that the croquetas were amazing there until I had the ones at Jaleo.  OMFG were they delicious!  They are served inside a shoe which added a fun aspect to the presentation.  Perfectly fried to a golden crisp and surprisingly they were not oily.  A must order when dining here.

Huevo frito con caviar http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#rcJVfsQ828Px9z1QGseU1g.  Probably my least favorite dish as I'm not a caviar person.  Though the egg was perfectly cooked (with a runny yolk), I thought that the caviar left a strong fishy after taste in my mouth.

Ensalada de coles de bruselas con albaricoques, manzanas y jamon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#zfhsQwFmrz73uw3ejHSdcw.  I'm not a brussel sprout person and still thought that this dish was tasty.  Perhaps it was the bits of jamon they used to give a nice saltiness to the dish or it's the fact that I'm starting to like them....I'll have to say it was the jamon!  

Rossejat http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#5NoVIJuIihu5NBs2MGfHJw.  After hearing the disappointing news about the lobster paella, we decided to order this instead after hearing that it was a specialty dish that Chef Andres makes.  It was pretty good though I thought that the squid actually had a strong fishy taste.  Again, I do have a pretty sensitive palate when it comes to fishy tasting seafood.  I'm more of a meat person so though the noodles were cooked perfectly, the squid sort of killed it for me.

Mini pepito de iberico http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#T0TizmLVjT3tF3kTRO439g.  Not sure which iberico dish to order, we settled for this one.  My complaint was with the timing as it didn't show up until near the end of our meal, making it difficult to consume as we were stuffed.  Wished we had a few more mouths to help out with all the food we ordered.  The mini pork burgers were good but ended up skipping out on the bread and just eating the pork patty.

Secreto iberico con pan tomate y salsa verde http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#ZCU0locj942eufdlsI9tnA.  Hands down the best dish of the night!  Perfectly cooked and seasoned!  This skirt steak from the iberico pork is to die for.  It came out still warm and boy did each piece melt in your mouth.  It was so good that for a brief few minutes, I forgot how full I really was until most of the plate was gone.  Oh and the pan con tomate was awesome!

After devouring the plate of the secreto, the waiter came back with some exciting news!  Turns out that the chef just finished cooking the lobster paella.  Being too full to even consider ordering a plate of it, we asked for a sample http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#1qw63ZI6jhTaG-pMhU_NSg.  The waiter brought out two spoons of the freshly cooked paella and holy shit was this good!  If not having been so full, I would've gladly ordered a plate.  This paella is by far the best I've ever had.  

We were given some advice on how to book our next reservations and hopefully we'll be able to order a plate of the lobsert paella.  Until next time Jaleo...I will be dreaming of your secreto and of your arroz a banda con bogavante!!!!

**Deducted 1/2 star for not being able to order the lobster paella**
If you like Tapas, you'll love this place. I tried this place this past weekend while I was in Vegas for a Bachelorette party. They set us in a private room which was great. The food was alright. We tried the sample tasting for $40. We tried about maybe 10 items. Lobster Salad, Carne Asada Strips and the fried dates were really good. Wasn't a fan of anything with Goat Cheese in it. We also got the Red Sangria for $50. Which to me wasn't the best I've ever had. Service here was great. We didn't have to wave any wait staff down. All in all the experience here was good.
Upon arriving at Jaleo, I was sure we were in for a HUGE treat. The place was jam-packed, I LOVE Tapas (having lived in Spain for a short time) and the hostess was absolutely AWESOME and managed to get us a private room for my sister's 21st birthday. I have to be honest: the meal turned out to be a pretty big disappointment. I probably wouldn't recommend this to anyone with limited time in Vegas, although I have to say, I'd probably go back and try different menu items. Most restaurants deserve a second chance.

SERVICE: This was one of the main reasons I didn't end up loving Jaleo. The hostess was GREAT - she worked some magic and got us a private room (that doesn't take reservations) and she checked in while we were waiting to provide us updates on timing. When we sat down, we had two servers assigned to our room. The main waitress was nice, but steamrolled our decision-making process. Having lived in Spain, I had some definite opinions on what we should order and I could hardly get a word in edgewise. She also failed to get drink orders from everyone and when I tried to speak up to order, she talked right over me. Finally, another member of my group tapped her on the arm to let her know she hadn't gotten a drink order from me. While I knew what the dishes were like, the rest of my group wasn't acquainted with many of the menu items. When asked for what she'd recommend, the waitress blew through several items so quickly that my friends couldn't even keep up to locate them on the menu. It didn't help that she used the Spanish names instead of describing what they were in English. Her initial service left a bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the meal.

FOOD: One thing about Jaleo - this is one authentic tapas menu. I was REALLY impressed. It's a huge menu and there are so many things on it that most Americanized tapas joints wouldn't include. The gazpacho was a HUGE hit at our table, although difficult to share because it was served in one dish. The garlic shrimp was pretty good, although a member of our table got one of those awkward bad shrimp - something I don't think can be avoided. The peppers stuffed with goat cheese (my selection) turned out to be a hit despite no one else seeming interested in it from the beginning. Definitely order that if you go. I'd pass on either of the croquettes (but I never liked them in Spain either, so that may just be a "me" thing). They were served in a Camper tennis shoe, which was SUPER cute. We loved that - although the waitress had zero explanation for it. Lame. One thing I would definitely NOT order again was the beef paella. It was some of the worst meat in the paella that I've ever had - another member of our group couldn't eat meat for the next two days because she was so grossed out. Plus, it was SO expensive! Be sure to check the price on paella before you order...and I'd go with more tapas instead. Or, maybe try the seafood paella.

DRINKS: One regret from our group - we wish we had ordered a carafe of sangria. Instead, some of us had wine and some had cocktails. My Whiskey de Verano was AWESOME and I'd recommend it to others. Good drink options. No problems here.

ATMOSPHERE: The restaurant, which is totally open on one side is pretty upbeat and busy. It was PACKED on a Thursday at 9:30. But, like I said - we had the  private room. It was AWESOME. It had glass doors, so the noise was kept out (and ours was kept in). My friends who were facing the doors, though, said waiters and waitresses kept staring at us through the doors, which was a little awkward. Oh well. Deal with it - the room was great. It even had a lazy susan on the table to help share tapas.

OVERALL: Like I said, I'd go back here again to give the authentic Spanish menu another try. But, I wouldn't go for a special occasion or with a HUGE group. I'd order the sangria and I'd go with lower expectations. This was just an okay meal for me in Vegas - I've had better meals.
Arrived on a Wednesday to a packed house at Jaleo. We were seated within 10 minutes of our arrival. We were then given an IPad to review the drink list. We didn't see our waiter again for 15 minutes. Note, you can not order your drinks from the IPad. Our waiter finally appears and takes our drink order. Literally another 15 minutes goes by before we got our drinks. I watched tables that were seated after us get their water, drinks and first courses by the time we got our drinks. Ordered the "infamous" gin and tonic and my friend got a specialty whiskey drink. The gin and tonic is just that. A gin and tonic, not sure what all the hype is about. The whiskey drink was far superior. We ordered the following dishes for our meal. 

Chorizo w/fried potato - I personally liked the dish because I'm a sucker for chorizo but no one else cared for it. 
warm spinach and pine nut salad - boring and tasteless
Seared Scallop - Overcooked 
Grilled skirt steak - Ice cold by the time we received it but had decent flavor
Apple and fennel salad - Probably the best dish of the meal but it's a salad!
Chicken fritters - Fried with mushy chicken in the center 
Shrimp skewers - Greasy 
potato and onion fritatta - We did not order this dish but it came to our table anyway and we ate it because we were so hungry. Decent, but I could make it at home. 
gin and tonic oysters - Did not eat any, but I hear they were pretty good. 

Overall the service here is really lacking, we were all done with our drinks half way through the meal, were never asked if we wanted another. The food is mediocre and not worth the price. We all left hungry and disappointed. 

Way overrated.
Fun atmosphere, the open kitchen was fascinating as huge pans of paella were being stirred. I'm a big fan of tapas, and I have to say the dishes were decent but not the best I've had.

Salmon tartare & trout roe cone - good but the cone was overly greasy. I like fried food, and for some reason this felt heavy, like it wasn't properly drained out of the fryer.

Bacon wrapped dates - again, a potentially great taste overwhelmed by the heavy deep fried grease.

Shrimp & garlic sauce - good

Endive w oranges, feta & almonds - highly recommended!

Skirt steak - my favorite!

Paella - they make fresh batches throughout the night, so whichever kind they prepare at the time is what can be ordered, minimum 3 people, we had the chicken & mushroom - it was good but not impressive

Sautéed spinach - cant go wrong

Fresh oysters - I'm not a fan of them but everyone else at the table thought they were fantastic

Monkfish - sliced thin, like a tartare but cooked, again not a fan of monkfish but everyone else liked it

There were a couple more dishes that I can't remember, but overall a good time. Would I eat there again? Maybe. But I'd probably order differently.
Oh Jaleo, you bring out the worst in me.

I'm one of those eaters that: (1) has zero patience to read a menu, especially when most of it is in a foreign language; (2) if I can't decide what I want, I pester the server and neighboring diners for recommendations; and (3) knows exactly what I want and how I want it.  Jaleo, for better or worse, hits all four proverbial nails.

Jaleo's menu isn't the biggest, but there are a large number of dishes offered.  And most of it is in Spanish.  Unless you read the English description.  Well, as I said before, I have no patience to read every description to settle on a handful of openers.  Which sucks because we ended up with the cod empanadas, which, oh, btw, doesn't really have any cod in it.  It's basically a fish cream that's been deep fried in thin and crisp empanada shell with some honey drizzled on it.  You might like it and love it, but my friends and I could not stomach this to save our lives.  We Fear Factored the shmuck who ordered it as punishment.  Yes, he smelled like fish after that.  The menu doesn't suck if you read Spanish.  Or you have the patience to actually read everything.  Deal killer?  Nope, because...

...I pester people to give strong recommendations.  Sucks for everyone else except me!  Using this method, we stumbled across a ginfully good Gin & Tonic.  They ship their ice sphere (don't call it a ball) from their sister ship in LA.  Seriously.  The care and attention that goes into this one drink suggests that they care about all of their products (apparently even that cod cream).  Speaking of attention, the food in the shoe definitely grabbed ours, as we promptly ordered the delectable pollo croquetas (sp?) that occupy the footwear.  Those little morsels of what tasted like really good creamed chicken in a crunchy fried shell are really yum.  Another great recommendation was that we try their off-menu paella (I don't know what it's called because we said we'd take it before the server even described it).  To our surprise it was loaded with a whole lobster tail, a giant lobster claw (a bitch to break open), a few prawns and a few muscles.  Killer good that dish, but...

...not as good as the Iberico Short Rib Paella recommended on my first visit.  It was so rich and tasty that we wanted another plate.  I daydream about it.  I drool uncontrollably.  My second visit to Jaleo was specifically to have this dish again.  Upon sitting, before ordering drinks or even water, we asked for, nay DEMANDED this paella.  To which our humble server replied they were not going to be making it.  At all.  For the rest of the night.  Once the tears stopped, I pulled myself together with a wonderful Gin & Tonic, had some pretty good dishes (like the potato wrapped chorizo and roast quail) then went over to Blue Ribbon for oxtail fried rice to dull the pain...but that's for another review.  

Yeah, Jaleo, you've got a lot going for you.  Your food's mostly good.  But I think I need Rosetta Stone and some valium to get through the menu.  And you need to get some more damn Iberico short ribs for the best paella in the world!
It just wasn't for me. I had a hard time reading the menu because of the major Spanglish that was going on. I had a large party and no one liked it either, but that was my fault because I had no idea that they were toppas (I knew the small forks were questionable). Anyways, the atmosphere was super cute, so I really enjoyed that. Pretty sure I am not going back though.
I returned and it got that 5th star. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and I love eating and sharing. The desserts did it, man. the best flan I've ever had, some olive oil ice cream and a chocolate dessert that kind of shut my talkative ass up for a minute. 

Had the Paellea, it was good but not as good as I had in Spain. I actually enjoyed the fideo-type dish (paella with noodles instead of rice). the aioli makes it really good though.
What we ate and drank:

- Endive with oranges, almonds, and goat cheese - a great, refreshing first bite. Light on the goat cheese, lots of oranges, awesome flavor. 
- Fried squid with aioli - this was gone in a matter of seconds after hitting the table, and 4 friends were in a blissful, happy place. 
- White asparagus with lemon, thyme, Idiazabal cheese - asparagus was cold and crisp, but any lemon and thyme was overpowered by the cheese. Refreshing, but one of the lower impact dishes of the night.
- Veal cheeks with morels and olive oil potato puree - rich and heavenly. 
- Pork and foie canelones with bechamel sauce - again, simply decadent. 
- Vegetable Paella of the day - rice had nice toasty flavor, and vegetables were delicious. Tasty, but not mind-blowing.
- Sauteed wild mushrooms with potato puree - tasty but not mind blowing.
- Organic egg with caviar and caramelized onions - as you'd expect, runny and delicious, with grilled bread to sop it all up.

Prima tempranillo to drink, which was a nice complement.  A decent value for the price of the bottle, not great. Flan for dessert was good, not exceptional.

Service was good - water was refilled frequently. Waitress was a tad bit pushy and her recommendations were pretty vanilla - chicken croquettes, bacon wrapped dates, sauteed spinach... do we LOOK like we're from Topeka?  Decor was lovely though, and we were seated right up against the dessert plating station for an entertaining view of the pastry cooks. Would definitely love to try more of Jaleo in the future.
Jaleo VS Julian Serrano 

Average price per tapas of Jaleo restaurants is around $16 and it's around $14 at Julian Serrano (JS). However, tapas served at Jaleo are in smaller sizes than Serrano. I love both places but I have to say the dishes at Jaleo are whimsical (especially deserts) when compared to JS. I really enjoyed "seared fresh squid with squid ink sauce with artichokes and pearl onions", "endives, goat cheese, oranges and almonds", and "chilled almond and garlic soup with crabmeat and green grapes". 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#sUnBMDA-b67DXcmBzWGRVg

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#h7yAwJEuEfiPwvcHW-gONw

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#sBh59USsH_nDPkVm6l2KRg

The deserts at Jaleo are awesome!!! I was full prior to the deserts. However, as soon as I took the first bite of Jaleo's flan, I just couldn't get enough of it!! Flan has just the right balance of sweet and cream (in a perfect way for me). I also ordered olive oil ice cream with grapefruit. I had a lot of fun trying the olive oil ice cream!!! I will never think olive oil and ice cream would work so well together. But they did!! They tasted perfect together with grape fruits. I can't wait to go back to get more deserts from Jaleo. They are to die for!!!!!!! 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#v9a5wds9zyCeiF-DaZZ5Tg

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#t6gWYCJB19U60cyQRKFA6Q
Oh, Jaleo... you are great for people watching...

At the table in front of us was what looked to be a call girl and her customer for the evening. We spent some time trying to decide if she was of the "high end" variety and decided that she was not. She definitely looked bored.  To our right was a man in his 40s and a guy in his 20s and a guy who looked to be in his teens.  We spent the majority of our evening trying to determine the relationship here - was it a love triangle? Was he their gigolo? Who knows.. but that's what makes Vegas fun.  Other than that you had the typical bachelor party, a table with 20 dudes, and a table of 4 women in their 40s clearly trying to relive their youth.  

We chose Jaleo because we were planning to go to Marquee after dinner and they are both located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  We called from the pool earlier in the afternoon and were told that a table for 4 wouldn't be available until 9:45 pm. It seemed late, but we decided to show up at 9 pm and have a drink at the bar and hope the table opened up sooner, which it did (small tip).

From what I can remember, this is what we ordered:

Croquetas de pollo - Traditional chicken fritters
Mejillones en escabeche - Mussels marinated in Sherry vinegar
Chorizo Palacios - A slightly spicy cured pork sausage seasoned with pimentón and garlic
Patatas bravas - A Jaleo favorite with spicy tomato sauce and alioli
Canelones tradicionales de cerdo y hígado de pato con salsa bechamel - Pork and foie gras canelones with bechamel sauce
Mejillones al Vapor - Steamed mussels with bay leaf, lemon and olive oil
Fricandó de carilleras de ternera y puré de patatas al aceite de oliva - Veal cheeks and morels with olive oil potato purée
Carne asada con piquillos Julián - de Lodosa - Grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit

Everything was pretty good, but nothing stands out as outstanding enough that I would say that you must order it.  The Patatas Bravas were - to warn you - just seasoned potato chips.  I chose the Canelones tradicionales de cerdo y hígado de pato con salsa bechamel because of the "foie gras" component (you may or may not know that it is illegal in California and I needed my fix) but you couldn't even tell there was foie gras in there, which was disappointing for me.

Food was good, not great, and pricing is what you would expect for a restaurant in the Cosmopolitan (overpriced but at the same time, reasonably priced for where you are).

Not a bad choice, but not the best one.
One of the best meals of my life.  My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday two years ago but I'm sure nothing has changed.

Place is very busy - so if you want it to be more intimate then maybe someplace else - but if you wanna go and enjoy people watching and enjoy amazing food come here!  My sister is moving to Vegas next year for two years at the Aria and so we'll definitely be here again!

We ordered cocktails - I got one with a sugared rim soo good! and boyfriend got a blood and sand.  Then we ordered about 15 plates of tapas!  I honestly can't remember everything we ordered but the lamb riblets and the monkfish were out of this world - the cheese and salads - the endive, goat cheese and orange salad were to die for, the sweet onions pine nuts and blue cheese! ugh soo good.

The bill was like $200 bucks but so worth it.  One of the best foodie experiences of my life! Now off the Bazaar in Beverly Hills.  Gotta save my allowance haha.
Love the flavors and the variety of tapas. Been there twice and would definitely go back. I had been wary of the veal cheeks, but it turned out to be my fave dish. It's Vegas, so it's a bit over-priced, but by Vegas standards it's fine for a good meal
Located in The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. this tapas place is not as good as its east coast counterpart in Washington DC.  That being said this place is still pretty great. The menu is in constant flux, and I mean that as a good thing, there always is something new, and sadly something great is no longer there. So the method is if you see something interesting on the menu order it, for it may be gone tomorrow. But fear not it will most certainly be replaced with something equally interesting, so make sure you come back and try that before it too is gone, such is the circle of life, or in this case the circle of tapas. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Loved it...everything about it!

We had five dishes which were plenty for two people...

-- Jamon Iberico- the most amazing charcuterie we've ever had and we've had a lot. The flavor was out of the world and it melted in your mouth.
-- Manchego cheese- always a delicious cheese
-- Chicken Croquettes- Very rich, creamy and yummy. The bechemal inside really makes these things rock. 
-- Tortilla- Nice flavors and texture. A must try if you enjoy tortilla. 
--Veal Cheeks- cheeks are always moist and delicious, and these didn't disappoint. So good!

Highly recommended!
We couldn't have been more fortunate to show up on a Sunday night.

Apparently every Sunday, they do suckling pig in order to boost restaurant volume.  The pig was INCREDIBLE.  Finished over a wood grill, served with aioli, garlic mayo, sea salt, and fire toasted bread, the pig was super tender and the skin crisp and flavorful.  Expensive at $25 / serving but worth every penny.  Apparently, they also roast a whole lamb Wednesday nights.

The quail was also very good.  Again, it was pretty expensive at $15 but delectable.  

Unfortunately, the dates with bacon were pretty mediocre.  The taste of caviar was also completely lost in huevo frito con caviar which cost a pretty penny at $16.  

All in all a fantastic meal.  Great place to stop before hitting the club!
Great food!!! Tell your server to take care or everything and the enjoy it..... We had a fantastic meal!!!
If your server's name is Mario, run for the hills.

I consider myself to be somewhat of a José Andrés fangirl so I was naturally looking forward to dining at Jaleo.  Needless to say, my expectations were not met.  The food itself was decent.  Not quite as inventive as The Bazaar's offerings but with the lower price point, that's to be somewhat expected.  Service, however, was horrifically below a restaurant of Jaleo's caliber.

When my party was seated, the waiter proceeded to give us the "key dishes you should try" shtick including the many varieties of paella that the establishment is famous for.  Okay sold.  We try to order the paella only to be told that we can't do so because we have a party of four and the menu states that you must have a party of six or more.  Uh, okay.  Then why did you just spend all that time raving about your paella?  We then ask if it would be at all possible to check if there were any other tables ordering any of the paellas that we could combine ordering forces with because we really wanted to try the paella.  Our waiter flat out rejects us without even bothering to check.  Now I understand that there's a certain protocol to be followed and I wasn't necessarily expecting an exception but would it have been so hard to double-check (pretending to check would have been more than sufficient)?  Oh and here's the delightfully irking kicker: OUR SERVER WAS WRONG.  While dining at é by josé andrés this past weekend, the infinitely more gracious and knowledgeable waitstaff notified me that every night, Jaleo makes a paella of the day for the entire restaurant to order individual portions from; the six or more limit only applies to parties who want to order a paella of their choice.  A waiter who's clueless about the menu at an upscale(ish) restaurant?  For shame.

Following the paella debacle, I excused myself from the table so I could surreptitiously notify our waiter that one of the girls in my party was celebrating a birthday and that I'd like to surprise her with a dessert.  I couldn't find the waiter so I told the busboy who had been helping our table who in turn said he would pass along the message to our waiter.  While giving us our dessert menus, our waiter proceeds to ruin the surprise by saying, "and are we celebrating a birthday today?"  I wouldn't expect this kind of a misstep from a T.G.I. Fridays let alone Jaleo.

Had service been passable, I would have rated Jaleo at a solid 3.5 stars.  Were it not been for my wonderful experience at é by josé andrés this past weekend, I would not have even considered returning.
Yum yum yum! I love this place. It's a little bit pricey but I love their tapas. They are all very unique and delicious. I really like the grilled quail (Codorniz con salsa de romero y alioli de miel*), the garlic shrimps (Gambas al ajillo) and the white asparagus. I also HIGHLY recommend the stewed squid (Calamares en su tinta). I can taste the squid ink, and it's so tender and flavorful. I also suggested to stick with the tapas and skip the paella. It's super huge and it lacks flavor other than tomato. 

Do not skip dessert. OMG, their flan is to die for--so rich and CREAMY! Oh, and order their rosemary iced tea--best iced tea ever!!
I was really impressed with this restaurant.  Every dish was good, and some were exceptional.  The real test for me is the gazpacho, and it is a 10.  So good and almost perfect they just nailed it.  The service is fine, a little hurried, but if your priority is the quality of the meal itself over all the other considerations, you should try this place out.
Very disappointed with everything but the veal cheeks and pan with prosciutto...head next door to Jose Serrano's at the Arria instead.
Food: I am a big fan of Spanish tapas and have enjoyed eating them at a couple well known tapas restaurants in DC. Since I've eaten at Jaleo back in my home state, I figured this Jaleo would either be of the same quality or better. I ended up feeling that the tapas back at home were better. Here's what I had:

1. Berenjenas con miel de caña al estilo Malagueño (Lightly battered eggplant Málaga style) - This was surprisingly good. It was lightly crispy and slightly sweet. The eggplant was had a great texture where it would melt in your mouth. Nicely done.

2. Ensalada de coles de Bruselas con albaricoques, manzanas y jamón S(errano Warm Brussels sprouts salad with apricots, apple and Serrano ham) - I am not a fan of brussels sprouts so I didn't enjoy the first couple bites. However, after that, I started to really enjoy this salad and how it mixed salty, sweet, and bitter flavors together. Nicely executed. The pieces of ham were delightful. :)

3. Vieiras con salsa de romesco (Seared scallops with romesco sauce) - This was my FAVORITE of the meal. It was perfectly seared, juicy, and fresh tasting. The sauce complemented the scallops very well. Too bad you only get two pieces. :( Also, lovely presentation.

4. Codorniz a la Catalana (Grilled whole quail with apple purée and pinenuts) - Great flavor. It was juicy but the breast was slightly dry. That didn't bug me though because I imagine it's quite difficult to cook a quail (such a tiny bird!) perfectly. Nice presentation too.

5. Arroz a banda con bogavante (Literally meaning, 'rice apart from lobster,'
made with lobster and cuttlefish) - We had the 1/2 lobster. The lobster was succulent (a little sad it didn't have much meat) but the rice itself was incredibly salty. Even in small bites, it tasted very salty. I think they may have accidentally seasoned it too much, but it was difficult to finish the plate. I was also too tired to complain and the dish had such beautiful presentation.

Service: Our waiter was a mix of aloof, aggressive, and somewhat helpful. lol. He really pushed to have us order 3-5 tapas per person and specific tapas that he preferred but we really didn't need to eat that much. We also accidentally spilled water over half of the table, and I was surprised that the waiter didn't notice that we had used all our napkins to wipe up the mess before assisting. Rather, someone else (I think busboy) swooped in quickly and helped us out. The waiter then came by with two napkins, gave my husband one replacement napkin while I stared in disbelief as he walked away with the other napkin. He then turned around after about 10 seconds to give me the other napkin in his hand. I'm not quite sure what happened, but I'm thinking maybe the loud music/business of the restaurant made him tired. *shrugs* I do think the busboy provided outstanding service. He was extremely helpful and attentive. I think he came by our table to sincerely check on us more often than the waiter. We also ordered the paella with cuttlefish, not lobster, but the lobster paella arrived at our table. o_O

Atmosphere: This restaurant is VERY LOUD. Mostly from the music that is playing which in turn increases the chatter level of the patrons. The ceiling speakers are everywhere, so there isn't a quieter spot. The decor was beautiful, modern, and festive, and I enjoyed the interactive nature of the restaurant with the few open kitchens. I loved watching the chefs/cooks prepare the tapas.

Bottom line: Although I had a great time dining at the restaurant, I am disappointed by the meal because I felt that the service and taste was much better at the Jaleo in DC.
Ended up here with a girlfriend from out of town, so glad we did. The tapas were each special in their own way, we split 5 between 2 of us. PLENTY. And had a couple of whiskey concoctions that hilariously reminded us of whiskey slush that our great aunts used to make & keep in the freezer. Maybe it wasn't so hilarious, maybe it was the whiskey but either way we had fun at Jaleo. People watching was fantastic, food was divine. Here is a twist, I found the seating pretty uncomfortable throughout, the wood bar stools are a nightmare with sharp pointy edges, the banquettes are too low on the back to provide any support or comfort and the dining chairs have a wood bar that hugged my hips in all the wrong way. Perhaps this is their way of keeping chubby & older people out... or maybe they should have just went with another design team....
The food here is amazing! I love tapas in general and this place didn't disappoint. 

I came here with a colleague when we were in town for business and we split 5 dishes which were unique and delicious! Two dishes which were prepared in a really unique way were the brussel sprouts and the beet salad. I've never had brussel sprouts where the leaves were taken off and presented like a salad. In the beet salad there was also an assortment of cubed beets and shaved beets. 

This place was a bit pricey but what do you expect at a nice hotel in Vegas? Glad that I wasn't personally paying, but if I were back at the Cosmo for a personal trip I'd totally go here again. 

Food: Great
Location: Great (on the restaurant floor of the Cosmo)
Service: Great
Value: Good
Ambiance: Great
We went there with high expectations and they were all met with flying colors.  We ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce.  Yum yum. That's the best dish. The endive with orange and nuts were great.  The skirt steak was excellent.  The pork sliders were awesome.  I'm not a burger fan, but it left a sweet and savory taste on my palate that made me want to come back.  The paellella of the day was with duck....too salty.  I wish they had the seafood paellella, but you can only have what they made that day.  The flan has the right balance of rich creamy sweet and citrus from the ice cream and orange.

I would definitely come back to try a few more things on the menu.  The service was nice with the right amount of attentiveness.

The bill came out $126 for 2 people that makes me smile.  It's very decent for an upscale restaurant.

Highly recommend this restaurant
The food was just OK. Our expectations were high since we've dined at Jose's restaurants in DC and other tapas restaurants in NYC (Tia Pol, Boqueria, Casa Mono).  
-Patatas Bravas - Dericious!
-Chistorra envuelta en patata frita - Ok
-Setas al ajillo con La Serena - Bland
-Ensalada de coles de Bruselas con albaricoques, manzanas y jamón Serrano - I'm not a salad person but this was pretty good.
-Gambas al ajillo - Good. Make sure you ask for toasted bread to dip in the garlic sauce.
-Pulpo a feira Maestro Alfonso - Bland
-Dátiles con tocino 'como hace todo el mundo' - Ok. The bacon was overpowered by the dates.
Some very inventive items (liquid olives), some very tasty items(chicken fritters), some just ok items (mushrooms over puréed potatoes) and some items that were a miss (Brussels sprouts- odd mix of very sweet orange and barely cooked sprouts). Knowledgable and friendly wait staff. Would go back but not so extraordinary that I NEED to go back.
Finally got to try a Jose Andres restaurant.  The wife and I have had reservations at The Bazaar, E, and Jaleo before and each time we had to cancel for various reasons.  We finally made it to Jaleo this time in Vegas.  We were seated almost right away and the had a pretty casual atmosphere for such a highly touted restaurant.

We started out with the Pan Con Tomate which is pretty much a bruschetta.  I was like its just tomato and bread but I gotta admit that it was pretty tasty.  So far so good.  

Next came the world famous Jamon Iberico Ham.  Nicely cured ham, similar to a proscuitto, but for $18 we got 3 small slices.  Good stuff but not worth the price in my opinion.  

Got a good review of the paella from a buddy so we had to try.  The paella for the night was the Iberico Short Rib Paella.  The wife thought it a bit salty, but it was very good.  Wild mushrooms gave it a great earthy flavor and the Iberico Short Ribs were awesome.  

Then the bacon wrapped dates fried in a batter.  I guess it was okay but its not something I would order again.  Nothing special here.

The Calamares Tinta was pretty much the best squid I've ever had.  Squid usually ends up overcooked and tough or chewy.  This squid was sooooo tender.  More important, the squid flavor was not masked by some overwhelming sauce.  It comes with squid ink as the sauce and is just a great squid dish.

Last, but not least, the Carilleras which is veal cheeks.  Anyone who has had veal cheeks knows that they are just so tender, melt in your mouth good.  This was no different.  Served on creamy, fluffy, mashed potatoes.  

As an aside, the wife as very impressed by the Spanish Red Wine that she ordered.  It is called Montecastrill.  Nice and smooth, medium bodied, and that's about all I can say because I'm not a wine conissoeur.

In short, I was impressed by Jaleo.  It is quite expensive for the small portions of food that you get but although I wasn't stuffed by any stretch, there was enough food to satisfy me.
Our reservation wasn't until 6:45pm but after a helicopter ride to Grand Canyon, we were famished so, we asked the hostess if we could get a table much earlier.  After 10 minutes of waiting in front of the empty restaurant, we finally got seated.  This is why I'm only giving Jaleo 4 stars.

Our table was right next to the kitchen and I loved it.  I watched the chefs prepare food, slice the Iberico ham and brush tomato on rustic bread.  We ordered a lot of tapas (pan de tomato with Serrano ham, sambas al ajillo, pollo al ajillo con crema de queso, salmon crudo, bacon-wrapped dates, carne asada, mini pepito de Iberico) and they were all delicious.  The tapas came quick but the desserts (manzanas Carlota, pan con chocolate and pastel de chocolate y avellanas) took a long time.

The seats are great.  It was like sitting on and being surrounded by purses.  It's a pretty place.

My sister has been to Spain and she brought home some Spanish goodies and she has learned to make some tapas.  I can say that whatever she brought home and has cooked are pretty comparable to what we had at Jaleo.  I'll be taking a trip to Spain in a couple of months then come back to Jaleo when I'm having Spanish tapas withdrawals.
My wife and I went to Spain in May and we saw Jaleo as a chance to revisit some of the culinary magic that is Spanish food.  They delivered.  Iberico jamon alone brought it all back, but everything was superb.  The endivias con queso de cabra y naranjas are INSANELY delicious, as are the dátiles con tocino 'como hace todo el mundo' (FRIED.  DATES.  WRAPPED.  IN.  BACON.).  The chicken croquetas were very good but left me wanting pork croquetas instead.  The restaurant is located in the stylish Cosmo casino resort and is visually very appealing.  The customer service is impeccable.  A fantastic dining experience and the perfect choice for our romantic night out in Vegas.

I'll give 'em one more star if they lose the shoes.
- disappointing ambiance (a bit "mall" food court -like)
- poor service from hostesses
- all around a disappointing experience

At the suggestion of a friend, I booked this restaurant to celebrate a friend's 40th bday.  

We thought the ambiance was disappointing -- it felt a little exposed and like a mall food court.  Despite our open table reservation, there was No table ready for us.   The hostesses were obviously holding a table for some VIP group and wouldn't seat us there even though it was sitting empty and we were on-time for our reservation.  

The hostesses were rude.  We could tell they were talking about us after we complained about being seated in the bar (felt like being in the middle of a mall food court!)   Our waiter was wonderful, but the hostesses and bartenders all seemed cranky/unhappy.  

The food was good, but not exceptional.  There are a lot of great restaurants in vegas and I just cannot recommend this one. 

 If however you find yourself there, we loved the mushrooms, the traditional potato/egg dish, both the asparagus and the potatoes in maresco sauce.  My absolute favorite was the flank steak-- fantastic.  My advice?  Keep looking and eat somewhere else!
Exemplary tapas inspired from many of Spain's different regions, including Basque and Catalan dishes. The paella was exceptional, along with the many exciting items on the menu - Jamon de Iberico, the Jamon Iberico sliders, Manchego, Idiazabal and Garrotxa cheese, octopus with olive oil and dried pimento (a Madrid classic), veal cheeks, Spanish-style pork sausage, stuffed peppers, salads, bocadillos, and on and on....only the fried dishes I didn't particularly enjoy.

If you've seen Jose Andres's Made in Spain regional cooking series, you have a pretty good idea of what to expect.

The service was very good and knowledgeable, although the wine markup was absurd, $52 for a Borsao Tres Picos that can be had for $15-$18 retail.

All in all a great experience.
Excellent food. We had probably 12 to 14 dishes and some were as good as anything I've ever had. It is a very unique menu and you can easily stray outside you culinary comfort zone and be pleasantly surprised at every turn. The veal cheeks, jamon iberico and spinach salad were off the chart good. There wasn't anything I wouldn't be willing to try here (High praise).

The service was good and the waiter's recommendations were all spot on. The only lag was before dessert and it was unnecessarily long. It was "can we go and just skip dessert" long. Glad we didn't because dessert was great too.

The biggest knock was where they sat us. We had a large party and they sat us outside the restaurant in a foyer area. The people watching was great but it was really loud and you felt like some drunk stranger was going to walk up and grab something off your plate.

Other than that, this was a 5 star experience.

Big smiley face.
Probably some of the best food I've eaten ever. Seriously. There were 4 of us and we indulged by ordering probably close to 20 different tapas dishes. The bill was outrageous but worth every penny. 

A few highlights: 
- The croquettes were served in a sneaker. Yes, a running sneaker. Not sure why, but it was cool all the same.
- This place is in the Cosmopolitan which is a hip hotel in Vegas. This place may be trying to be a little too hip. It was too bright and felt like it was in the middle of a mall. You could see everyone walking by outside. Granted, it's in a Las Vegas hotel/casino so we knew there'd be some level of loud excitement surrounding us, just not so much. 
-   Service was good, but odd. We never really knew who our waiter was. It kept changing. 
- We did not eat one bad dish. Some were better than others, but none were bad.
- Bread was hard to come by. Tapas often had incredibly delicious sauces (the "mojo" for example) and it's a shame to waste that sauce. We asked for bread to dip and got 3 little tiny pieces (for $3). It was not enough bread, at all. We ordered a few more of them. This did not spoil our appetite one bit. 

A few of my favorite tapas: 
- Grilled asparagus with Romesco sauce - the Romesco was incredible
- Croquettas de pollo (my Cuban mother-in-law makes really good croquettes but these blew hers away!) Creamy inside, crunchy outside, so much flavor  
- Papas arugas - The mojo made this dish! Without it, this is basically just salted, boiled tiny potatoes.  Thanks to a duo of mojo's (verde and rojo) this dish delicious
- Warm Brussels sprouts salad - this had a really nice citrus flavor to it and was like no flavor combination I've ever had with Brussels sprouts before 
- Fried dates in bacon with an apple mustard sauce - like candy. Seriously. 
- Seared scallop with pine nuts - melt in your mouth good 
- Mussels vinaigrette - plump and juicy mussels with aromatic broth - another reason we needed all that bread! 
- Grilled hangar steak with mustard sauce and blue cheese - incredibly tender and great combination of flavors 
- Shrimp sautéed with garlic - it's a traditional tapas dish but it tasted better than any other version of this I've had before 
- Oysters gin & tonic - I can't eat raw oysters for a few more months but my tablemates raved about the gin & tonic sauce 

Just ok: 
- Pan con tomate with manchego cheese. Not bad at all, just not earth shattering 
- Jamon Iberico - it was from some fancy black footed pig in Spain. It wasn't bad but it wasn't all that great either. It was the most expensive thing we ordered that night  
- Homemade grilled pork sausage - I'm not a huge sausage fan in general (get your mind out of the gutter, THAT's not what I mean). This was not bad at all but just not one of my favorites  

I know there was more but this is all I can remember. We had no room for dessert. The 3 folks at the table who aren't pregnant polished off several carafes of Sangria and seemed very please with it, and with themselves.  We finished with coffee and each one came in it's own little press (Spanish press, not French I guess) and a timer to tell you when to "press". The concept was great but servers came over and pressed for us before the time was up. We were all disappointed that we didn't get to press our own. Silly for us to care, I know - but why bother giving you a timer and telling you what to do if they're just going to do it for you!  Damn good coffee though - even my  decaf (booo) had nice flavor.
Snobbish foodies who contemplate with furrowed brow, the intricate flavors brought forth by the deft hand of the chef, EAT ELSEWHERE!!!  Jaleo is about great traditional and modernist tapas, and a fun experience.

The long menu of unfamiliar sounding dishes can be intimidating.  Just remember, more = better.  

The menu is cohesive.  Each dish compliments or contrasts with others building layers of flavors or creating flavor explosions.  You can throw darts blindly at it and every selection would work together.  Don't get caught up in the details.  Dining on tapas should be social and fun!

After multiple visits, and tasting almost the entire menu, lets just say, my taste may not be the same as yours so rather than making specific dish recommendations, here are some general guidelines:

- Follow Andre Zimmern's maxim:  if it sounds good, eat it.  Try, try, try.  

- Do not pass on the jamones produced by Fermin (Spanish hams).  This is one of the few places that you can eat the real deal in the States.  The acorn fed, black footed pig has a very unfamiliar taste and might not be for everyone but try, try, try.

- Spanish wines and sherries pair perfectly with the tapas (mixed drinks, beer, and new world wines don't).  Unfamiliar with wines Spanish wines?  Ask for a recommendation.  The restaurant has a great selection by the glass.  Try, try, try.

- Keep it social.  Eat, drink (pass around a poron - just stick to the cava if you never tried it before so you don't stain your clothes), and enjoy!

Note:  Jaleo houses the incredible E, restaurant in a restaurant.  It's Jaleo on steroids.  See the reviews

Dining is an experience.  At Jaleo, your experience depends on you.  Live, love and enjoy!
Plenty of great restaurants in Las Vegas take themselves way too seriously. I loved Jaleo because while they serve excellent food they do it in a playful way. You're not going to find food served in sneakers (yes, I said SNEAKERS) at the new Gordon Ramsay Steak.

Located on the 2nd floor at the Cosmopolitan with a bunch of other restaurants (STK, China Poblano, etc.) the decor is modern Spanish with a mix of hightop, lowtop, and booth tables.

To order drinks you the waiter gives you an ipad to look up all their selections. The app was very easy to use and ended up being handy versus gimmicky. The Cuba Libre was one of the best "rum/coke" drinks I've ever had. With a cinnamon stick, bitters, and a giant sphere ice cube served in a red wine glass it was as beautiful as it was tasty. My date had the Jaleo bramble which because of the cucumber water and berry puree tasted very fresh.

On to the food!

Patatas Bravas (fried potatoes): A simple dish, but one of the best. Nicely fried with a delicious red sauce and aioli . These disappeared very quickly.

Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic sauce): The sauce on this dish rocked my world. Garlicky of course, but with a very deep flavor. We both wished for bread to get some more of the sauce. 

Rape Donostiarra (monkfish with sherry): Very thinly sliced monkfish, which tastes similarly to lobster. Light sherry/olive oil sauce which was mild to let the taste of the fish through.

Mejillones Vapor (mussels with lemon and olive oil): Mussels were very little and the ones that weren't gritty tasted excellent. Sauce was very buttery, but went well with the mussels.

Setas al Ajillo (wild mushrooms): Hen of the woods mushrooms with a side of mashed potatoes. Really liked the potatoes, but the mushrooms tasted like mushrooms with nothing on them.

Overall a wonderful meal, made excellent with a few drinks and a beautiful date. It's a great first stop before heading out to Marquee!
Debbie and I had a rocking time at Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.

We were seated promptly and courteously and the open room was a pleasure.

David, the Assistant General Manager, made our nite....showing us the Paella Pan seated over a glowing, orange open fire....close up....and then we couldn't resist the aroma of that wonderful seafood flavored rice.

Two server gals were right on the money.....and gooood natured. They gave us just the table that we had asked for....looking out at the crowd and the hip, Cosmopolitan Hotel decor.

Debbie marveled at the black garlic soup (with egg) and we both devoured the patatas bravas, flavored with a wonderful red sauce.

Spanish tuna tapas (on crisp flouta) and bacon wrapped chorizo kept the sangria fueled tapas orgy going.

Having just returned from Madrid (tapas at La Chata), the Bourne District in Barcelona....and the "No. 6" tapas charmer in Sevilla.....we were not expecting to be bowled over in Las Vegas.

But, we were......and are looking forward to visiting Jaleo once again...and smiling all the way thru.
When I first walked by this place, I thought it was called "Jaleel" and I was excited that "Family Matters" star Jaleel White (aka Urkel) had opened his own place.   I just imagined finishing a terrific dinner, looking down at my empty plate and saying "Did I eat that?".

Alas, it's actually called Jaleo but it's still a terrific place.  So while staying at the Cosmopolitan, a friend and I at here.  Here's some of what we had....

Cheeses, all very good:
Idiazábal
Pasamontes Manchego
Caña de cabra

Other food items, all very good:
Patatas bravas
Lomo de buey con Valdeón (hangar steak)
Pulpo a la Gallega 'Maestro Alfonso'(octopus)
Garlic soup

For dessert, we also had the gin & tonic fizz sorbet (very good) and a tasty flan.  I had some drink that was called "blood and something" but I can't remember what the something was (it was in Spanish) and my pal had wine which he enjoyed. 
 
It's a lively place that's kind of loud, but very fun.  Service was excellent so that's what pushes it to four stars for me.  To be honest, the food was fine but at the price point, I should have been blown away.  The service makes up for that small bit of dissonance.

In closing, did I eat that?
JALEO (at the Cosmopolitan)
September 2012

Jaleo is part of chef José Andrés' Washington, D.C.-based empire, and the second of his restaurants with that name. His Las Vegas offerings also include é by José Andrés (a paean to molecular gastronomy) and China Poblano (Chinese and Mexican).

***The Menu***
There are pages of tapas, so take your time perusing the list. When I went, there were a couple of specials; check with your server. Paella is available, either as a single serving of the daily special, or as one of several available if ordered for six or more people. Lastly, a caveat: while a few of the tapas are small, many are nearly entrée sized.

***The Atmosphere***
It's a large, open space, brightly lit. There are many hard surfaces, making Jaleo a fairly noisy place; contributing to this is moderately to loud music. All in all, pretty much what you'd expect from a restaurant located in the Cosmopolitan. I ate at the bar. It seats around 15 people; the full menu is available. The bartenders, dressed all in black, are very friendly; my bartender was glad to discuss not only the drinks, but the menu.

***The Food***
I asked the bartender whether I should order a couple of items at a time, or everything at once. He suggested I might as well order everything at once; since there were several cooking stations, dishes would tend to appear slowly, over a period of time. That's what I did, and that's what happened. In no particular order, here's what I had:
**Ensaladilla rusa con atún en conserva, with optional trout roe. Yeah, this is just glorified potato and tuna salad - but it's really good potato and tuna salad. The chunks of tuna were a lot firmer and moister than Starkist; dollops of flavored mayonnaise were a nice touch; the optional trout roe was tasty. This was one of those entrée sized tapas.
**La Serena con membrillo (La Serena cheese and quince paste cone). Think of this as a tiny ice cream cone (one large or two small bites), filled with a creamy cheese and quince paste. If you're familiar with mango paste, quince paste is very similar - perhaps slightly less sweet with a slight amount of bitterness. I'm not sure why, but I really enjoyed this one.
**Fricandó de carilleras de ternera y puré de patatas al aceite de oliva (veal cheeks and morels with olive oil potato purée). Two large chunks of cheeks were soft and rich - just the way veal cheeks should be. Just as rich were the whipped potatoes. I liked this dish a lot, but you have to like meat that is soft and fatty.
**Bacalao (salt cod; off menu special). My bartender recommended this dish. It was a special they started serving the night before. The dish consisted of a generous chunk of salt cod. Slightly chewy and salty, I liked both the texture and flavor. Accompanying it was some rich mayonnaise or aioli or some such thing. If this is still available, it's worth ordering.

***Summary***
The Strip now has two high quality tapas bars: Jaleo and the nearby Julian Serrano. I've only had one meal at each, so it's difficult to say which is best, but I'd give the nod to Jaleo. I enjoyed my dishes slightly more, and the atmosphere is a little more upbeat. However, they're both winners.

***The Bill***
The meal was about $60, plus drinks, tax and tip. This will vary a lot, depending on what, and how much, you order.
I'm in Vegas 3 or 4 times a year for work or vacation and I'm always looking for new places to eat. On vacation with my wife in September (2012), we went to Jaleo and had our minds blown!! This place is pricey, but worth it.The whole experience was amazing - the food, the service, the big open kitchen, the drinks - I can't wait to go back. Highest quality ingredients and cooked in a very unique way. Both of us are thinking we'll have to go at least 2 or 3 more times to try all the amazing dishes we saw on the menu.
Jaleo is pretty attractive with its red decor inside Cosmopolitan. 

First time trying Spanish cuisine so I didn't have much expectation. The place serves tapas style dishes, so it's best if each of your group orders 1-2 and all share. They have their paella made in the middle of the restaurant, so you can look at the whole process like a show. They only serve one type of paella for the day. We were pretty lucky to go on the day they served lobster paella.

Their lobster paella which was very delicious. Not overly salty or burnt like I've had at other places. The plate set up was vibrant in colors making my tummy growl. We also ordered their veal cheeks, which was very tender and juicy. I had this caviar and yolk bread spread too but it wasn't extremely impressive. It lacked flavors and textures.
Part I : Cosmo Food Crawl

Being a resident in this surreal city, (think adult Disneyland) we have so much available at our fingertips; it can be overwhelming and after a while, one can get jaded over the constant barrage of overstimuli pounding at you like a sobakawa pillow repeatedly beating your face.  But, you gotta take advantage of what's available to you, so we regularly don our armor, spray ourselves with tourist repellent and trek on over to the strip (consequently we have to burn our clothes from all the smoke)... We don't normally drink so we come up with other amusements...
So instead of a Pub Crawl, we do a Foodie Crawl; where we go to several restaurants, dine on their signature dishes and enjoy multiple ambiences... which turns out to to be an entertaining nite!!

The Cosmopolitan is the perfect destination for such a night; there's dedicated restaurant floors so each venue is in close proximity, they are as diverse in cuisine as well as ambience and there's exists a perennial, 'hipper than thou' vibe that makes it conducive people watching and casually hopping in and out of venues sans guilt...

JALEO

Jose Andre's Jaleo has to be the BEST restaurant on the Strip; with Tapas cuisine winning an all-time, hipster popularity contest (probably due to its small portions so they don't overeat..those thin emaciated waifs and emos) the food served here is bar none the best Spanish cuisine you'll find anywhere (LA has the Bazaar which we love too, but Jaleo has a more casual upbeat ambience that suits us so well).

And it's our first stop at the Food Crawl, where we parked ourselves at the Bar (no reservations necessary) and thus started an evening of debauchery and culinary mayhem....

The first to do upon arrival arrive is to get a carafe of their Sangria, it's the best ever- it's got hints of Cinnamon and even Apples in it!  It's lighter than most and has just a clean finish to it (Sangria has a tendency to be either sickenly sweet or harsh from the cheap Wine) neither which you will get when you order Sangria form Jaleo.  It's memorable and quite addictive; forever ruining Sangria ordered anywhere else..

Pan con Tomate y Jamon Serrano: A classic Spanish dish and great way to open up your taste buds is the Toasted Bread with Tomatoes on top with Serrano Ham, drizzled with a touch of Spanish Olive Oil. The heavenliness is in the crunchy carbs married with soft, acidic texture and creaminess of fat. it sates all senses and leaves the appetite wanting more...

To balance the meal a bit, we ordered a Salad, the Remolacha con Citricos: Salad of Red Beets + Citrus +La Peral Cheese + Pistachios + Sherry Dressing.  The salad was balanced and harmonious with that unique flavor that Beets have with a mild acidity that was pleasant.

A great little dish to get at Jaleo is the Mixed Olives, Aceitunas Rellenas y Aceintunas Ferran Adria:  Olives stuffed w/ Anchovy + Piquillo and Ferran Adria Liquid Olives.  This little number is awesome with drinks; salty, briny and bathed in luxurious Olive Oil, both traditional and avant grade version entertain the palate, as wells the mind.

There are so many dishes at Jaleo that are so awesome and deserve special recognition; the Sunday Roasted Pig and the Lobster Paella to name a few.  But due to timing issues, we weren't able to order those, so the highlighted dish is a special favorite in the seafood category, Calamares en su Tinta: Basque style Squid Stew with Ink.  I'm a firm believer that that this may be the best, softest Squid that I have ever had; the Ink sauce was so savory in conjunction with the lime colored concoction which I wasn't' able to recognize, but relished it with fervor. I can't say I remember it with Ramps and Micro Greens but it's added value in any case.

It was truly hard to tear ourselves away from Jaleo, but we were on a mission to explore and more needed to be done.  So down the hatch with our last sip of Sangria and moved On To The Next One (Hold up freeze. Somebody bring me back some money please....)
This place is ridiculously good. Our waiter Donnie did all the ordering for us. Everything was just as delicious as the next. Mouth watering flavors and textures. The veal cheek was to die for.
It's safe to say that this is the best tapas restaurant I have been to. While the quail was nothing special, the almond and garlic cold soup was superb. If you are in Vegas, be sure to go here. The setting is hip and trendy and the menu is packed with good choices. I didn't try the g&t but it claimed to be great. It's above the chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan. Be sure to stop by for a great meal in Vegas.
We arrived this past Sunday night at 615pm and it was half full...30 minutes later the place was packed and the dining scene was on. Jalmon Serrano as an opener was smoothly cut and the taste spoke for itself. Brussel Sprout salad, seared scallops and some Pappas Argula were all nicely presented and tasty.
Carne Asada in nice thin slices and shrimp in some garlic sauce were outstanding too. The quality of the ingredients used here at Jaleo are simply superior to Spaniard restaurants I've dined in around the Socal area. Service was rapid and helpful..we'll be back.
After years of seeing Jose Andres on TV, I finally got to try some of his food and I was not disappointed. My wife and I ordered the chorizo with papas, 1/2 carafe of sangria, jamon of the tomato garlic toast, tempura shrimp, onion tortilla espanola and a spinach salad. All of the dishes were balanced and well executed. I really enjoyed the shrimp and the toast tasted exactly how I've had it in Madrid. The sangria was perfect for me and light enough for my wife to enjoy it. The only bummer was that the chorizo was a tad spicy and it caught you off guard, since I don't see Spanish food as spicy. Overall it was a great experience and I would highly recommend it to my friends.
Went to Jaleo Friday night with a group for dinner before going out.  We ended up at one of the tables outside of the restaurant, which I'm sure started us off with a completely different experience than we would have had if we had dined in the restaurant.  

Our group was 7 girls and none of us were particularly hungry.  We ordered 8-10 tapas plates.  Each one that came out lacked in presentation (the chorizo looked like sausage I could have bought at the grocery store, cut up, put on a place and set out at home), was very small (and that's coming from someone who lived in NY for years), and really, nothing we had was exceptional.  The food was alright, nothing to write home about or bother going back for and I didn't like the sangria at all. 

They also didn't have the lobster paella, which we knew we wanted to order.  They didn't have any of the paella, but said if we wanted one we could order an entire pan, which was 6 servings ($30-56 a serving).  Oh, and heads up, the paella takes 45 minutes, so if you want to order it, know that right off.  

All in all, we just expected a lot more.
4.5


  1 star for trying to scale and find this spot in the clusterfuck of the Cosmo in HIGH heels!!!!!

 So I've been wanting to come to a Jose andres establishment for a long ass time! We made last minute rsvps and they told us the place was booked by one party and if it was ok to dine in the "lounge" area. Were like sure  no problem.  So we get to the Cosmo and this whole fuggin place is CF! The valet area sucks because the signage confuses the ish out of you. Anywho there was a concert going on and this meant more of a crowd than usual, im assuming. Finally we found the place. One thing im not feeling about these hotel eateries, is the feeling of being in some high end food court. All these places next to eachother and you can people watch the hell of whats going on. Its like a mall for real.

  So tip toe over to the hostess desk and they tell us to wait a little and the wait was a little to much for me but the hostess was soooooooooo nice. I must say the staff here are top notch! When we were seated at first I was not feeling this area with straw type chairs and large wooden communal table. It was so uncomfortable but it was what it was. My inner prayers were answered because one of the lovely hostesses told me about the rich folks that booked the whole damn place were leaving YAY! She walked us to our new table and walking there she said we were nice people, im thinking no you guys are!!!! They were so nice and sweet. The best hostesses I've ever encountered!

 So now were in those comfy booths. Im sippin on an adult shirley temple and pic a rum and coke with an ice ball. We start scaling the menu and some of the things I wanted the PIC didn't , like the Bikini De Jamón Ibérico, Queso Manchego Y Trufas , he basically called that a ham sandwich and why should we get that LOL. Ok find we didn't get it. So we started with the goat cheese stuffed peppers.  Those were so BOMB but I wish they served 4 of those crack peppas instead of two. Grrrrrrr.  Next dish was the veal cheek with these CRACK mashed potatoes. The potatoes were like silk! Not one lump. Just velvet.  Ordered the garlic shrimp and those were tasty but didn't look like the pics I've seen of this dish but who cares this was good. Next dish was this sausage mushroom stew type dish and that was tasty as well. Very good sausage dish and I love mushrooms!!!!!  One dish that was a lil iffy was the fried chicken wings with this black ink moussey thing brushed around the inside of the dish. That ink stuff was salty blah!  The fried chicken was good but not black peeps good hehe.  One downer is not being able to order the paella of your choice for a small party. You can order what they're making that moment which sucked because I wanted the lobster paella!!!! Not the chicken rabbit one!  Next time I'll show up with a party of 5 and Ill get that damn lobster paella!!!!!!! 

  We ended the night with the flan. The BEST flan I've ever had NOM NOM NOM NOMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!! I don't want to share that next time :D Damned good and went well with my dessert wine! I will be back here because I want to try more dishes and that amazing service!
So far, this is one of the best tapas restaurants I have ever eaten. It is more expensive than Firefly. The atmosphere is not better than Firefly. But food is much better than Firefly - and yes, it should be because Jaleo is more expensive.

You kinda have to know what to order to enjoy this place. I go there a lot, so I know what to suggest.


Gazpacho (classic chilled spanish soup made with tomatoes, cucumbers, peppers and bread)  - very smooth and tasty. Refreshing! One of the best gazpacho I have ever eaten.

Ajo Blanco Con Cangrejo (chilled almond and garlic soup with crabmeat and green grapes)  If you like different stuff, you MUST get this. My favorite soup. I get this all the time. Yummy!

Mejillones A La Vinagreta De Miel - (mussels served with pipirrana, sherry dressing and honey)    This item is OK. You kinda be careful when you bite - if you feel it's bad, you should spit it away - because one of 10 mussels could be bad, even rotten. Nobody can tell if it's good or bad - Only your taste buds can tell. So, just be careful. My girl got sick eating one of them. 

Pan De Cristal Con Tomate Fresco (toasted slices of uniquely crispy and ethereal bread brushed with fresh tomato) - Start your dinner with this one. Pretty good.

Aceitunas Rellenas Y Aceitunas 'ferrán Adrià' (olives stuffed with anchovy and piquillo and 'ferrán adrià' liquid olives) -    Good stuff! Perfect pair with wine!

Salmón Crudo Con Huevas De Salmón (salmon tartare and salmon roe cone) -this is an unique, small stuff that you can eat as if you are eating snacks or candy bars. Interesting. Pretty OK. 

Ostras 'gin & Tonic' (five oysters with lemon, gin and tonic) - one of the best oysters you can get in LV. Much better than Joe's seafood at Caeser's.

Jamón Ibérico Fermín (cured ham from the famous, black-footed ibérico pigs of spain) - If you have never eaten iberico pork, you should try this. Iberico pork is something that you can eat medium rare even if it is a pig!

Chorizo Ibérico De Bellota Fermín (a dry-cured chorizo made with ibérico meat) - I thought it was OK. To me, it tasted too much - I am not a fan of chorizo. If you like chorizo, it should be fantastico!

Santa Gadea Con Albaricoques ((burgos) a soft-ripened organic goat cheese paired with dried apricots) - this is one of my favorites here. You will be amazed how good goat cheese could be! Very tasty and sensitive at the same time. 

Huevo Frito Con Caviar (a fried organic egg topped with caviar) - they use good caviar for sure. I'm sure it's the same kind of one they use for "e" restaurant, hidden place in the back (I've eaten there as well - fantastico!)

Endivias Con Queso De Cabra Y Naranjas (endives, goat cheese, oranges and almonds) - one of their BEST appetizers - very refreshing - strongly recommended.

Costillas De Cordero Con Romesco (grilled lamb ribs with romesco sauce and green onions) - this is the only thing that I don't recommend. Not impressed at all. Get something else.

Paellas - all paellas are good - but the traditional paella is so popular that it sells out pretty quick. They sometimes have special seafood/lobster paellas for 45 bucks or so - kinda expensive but it's the best.


If you see my other reviews, you will find that I am a hard rater - I hardly ever rate 5 stars. This place surely deserve 5 stars if you know what to order. I don't care about the dim-lighting for atmosphere at other restaurant - this place is very open and bright so you can take a picture of your loved one! This place (well, entire Cosmo) is pretty loud, but it's worth checking out. 

BTW, if you are very conservative on what you eat, then, maybe this is NOT the place. If you like to try new things, if you like to try the best goat cheese, if you like ethnic food, if you are not a grumpy old man, if you are not racist, if you are open in your mind,,, then, this is the place!

Service is very friendly and they are super nice. 

My average check is 150 for two including 2 drinks, tax and 20% tips. I've paid only 100 one time including everything. It's all up to your stomach. Not bad for the Cosmo, AT ALL!

You won't regret it if you read my suggestions above!!
i REALLY liked this place. i love tapas so that may be it. 

i LOVE the diverse menu and all the great ingredients. i can't tell you everything we had since we ordered a TON of food. 

heres my best attempt to recall everything ordered:
-sardines on sliced toasted french bread - great
-chix croquettes served in a shoes - bleh
-paella which was beef and mushrooms - superb
-lamb ribs - im not a big fan of lamb but this was phenom
-i know we got like 3-4 more dishes but i can't remember. the paella was awesome though but ask for it ahead of time as it takes time and it varies. i also love the seating and lay out of the place. not stuffy at all

i really wish i got dessert so i could see what they did with that but i was sick. wait did i get dessert? i can't remember

JEANS: OK by far
ORDER: wait staff

michelle provided great service
This is a place to fall in love with modern Spanish tapas.  It it's your first time, ask the waiter to suggest some of the signature dishes.  The veal cheeks, (I know, doesn't sound exactly good) are amazing.  Paella also.  Pricey, but worth it.
My tapas experience went only so far as Filipino tapa at home.  Did you know that it's not the same thing?  I didn't until I moved to Vegas. The tapas at Jaleo were culinary creations.  We tried the bacon wrapped figs, the shrimp, the ham, the bread, something else I cant remember, but they were all great.  My friend ordered everything for us because I was new to tapas. She's been to Spain - I didn't even know tapas originated from there - and she said that Jaleo served authentic tapas. Makes me want to go to Spain.  We also ordered sangria which was like fruit punch - I wanted bottomless refills. 

I often find that the best food is often not listed in the menu, and such was the case when we were given a complimentary special dish from the chef.  It was this mushroom/mashed potato dish that is now on my list for one of the best things I ever ate.  

The best is the scent of the food diffusing into the air from the grill and cooking station in the dining area.  We wanted to sample everything cooking on there, but I wouldn't have been able to eat out for the next two weeks had we done that. Jaleo is pricey, but everything was well worth the price.  I definitely would be coming back here next time I'm in the mood for authentic tapas (not the Filipino kind) and some gooooood sangria.
I came here to celebrate my new job after ice skating at Cosmo and wasn't sure what to expect. It was the only place I could get a reservation at such short notice and nothing on the menu looked THAT amazing. It was also a little pricier than I wanted. While this sounds like the makings of a terrible review, I assure you, it was amazing. Our awesome server Janie was extremely helpful and friendly. She helped us pick out a few things- Croquetas De Pollo, Gambas Al Ajillo, and the Rossejat. They came out in that order and each dish just got better. While I wasn't crazy about the texture of the Rossejat, the flavor was great. My friend and I split the flan for dessert and it was possibly the best flan I've ever had. The sorbet that was served with it provided a great contrast of flavors and really complemented the dessert (as pretentious as that sounds, I can't find another way to describe it). I also had an Open Table check which took $20 off the bill and the manager actually knew what it was and didn't hassle me. Sweet!! One of the best dinners I've had in a while.
COMPLETE DISSAPOINTMENT...RUINED MY BIRTHDAY!

I was in Las Vegas celebrating a significant birthday and was looking for a special place to have dinner. Upon reading the multiple positive reviews of this restaurant, I was completely fooled into trying it out. Had I known the quality of the food would be inferior, the customer service would be extremely poor and that I would have to fight with the manager to get a burnt paella dish off of my bill, I would have NEVER EVER visited this restaurant. I wish that I could have gone with my 2nd dining choice of TAO or for that sake, anything else would have been better than dining at Jaleo since I was very dissatisfied and they totally ruined my birthday dinner.

The night was off to a good start with our drinks. We ordered a variety of tapas including Gambas al ajillo, patatas bravas and croquetas de pollo. Though the portions were extremely small for the price of each dish, they were savory and had good flavor. My expectations were high for the grilled skirt steak (carne asada con piquillos) and the black noodle paella with shrimp (Fideua Negra on Calarmares y Gambas). I was hoping these dishes would be heartier because despite having enjoyed the other dishes I was still feeling very hungry. I was disappointed when I saw the small size of the steak that was cut into 4-5 small pieces) and at this time I started to get upset with the small portions and the price for each (just the small steak was $16). I was even more disappointed with the paella because again, not only was the portion small (and $25), the shrimp turned out to be bite sized pieces (like they'd taken a regular size shrimp and cut it into 4 smaller pieces), but the dish was also burnt! We discovered the dish was burned at the bottom because we were all so hungry from not getting our fill from the small portions of the dished we'd already eaten and were digging into the paella trying to eat as much of it as possible. We were only able to eat about half of it because the remainder of the dish was a crusty, burnt mess that was stuck to the bottom of the pan (similar to what would happen when you make rice at home and you don't add enough water and it sticks). When we brought the issue up to the waiter he said "I do apologize, but we have some new apprentice people in the kitchen" and asked if we wanted a new dish. We said no because it would take about a half hour to make and by this time, it was close to 11:30 pm. Plus, I was already extremely disappointed with the food and wanted to leave. I told the waiter we were upset by the quality of the food and a few minutes later a manger came to our table to ask if everything was OK. I told her (I believe her name was Andrea) that I was surprised and disappointed that a restaurant of this caliber would be serving food that was burned and of inferior quality. Rather than accepting fault for the obviously burned paella which was at the table, she chastised us and said we should have brought the issue up sooner and that we had probably enjoyed it because we got to the bottom of the pan and that's where the burnt part was. I couldn't believe she was actually making us feel guilty for eating the dish and not bringing it up sooner. She tried to make up for it by bringing me a dessert, however I was celebrating my birthday and in most restaurants, a dessert is complimentary, so I was still not satisfied. 
When our bill came I was furious to see that they were still charging us the $25 for the burned paella. I brought it up to the waiter and he was flustered and didn't know what to do. Again, Andrea came to the table and said she thought they had made good on the burned dish by bringing out the dessert. I told her that I would absolutely NOT pay for the dish that was burned and that I was extremely upset for having dined at this restaurant which I thought would be of much higher quality given its inside one of Vegas's new hotels. After practically having to fight to have them take the dish off of my bill, they did indeed remove the charge, but I was already very upset and felt we had not been given the good quality service we deserved, especially for celebrating my birthday.
Bottom line, I will NEVER EVER return to this place or recommend it to others. Prices are high, portions are very small, customer service was bad and they completely ruined my birthday dinner!
First i want to say that this place is a toss up between 3-4 stars.  Me and 2 other friends ordered around 10 dishes between us and i'd say 2 of them were not very good, 2 were exceptional and 6 were pretty good.  Overall i think that's a win

The seared squid with ink sauce was tender and not chewy,  the mushrooms with mashed potatoes had this blue cheese puree in it that i thought was genius.  

The braised veal cheeks were not bad,  the pork and foie grais canellones could have done with more foie gras flavor,  the 3 cheese platter i selected was very sub par (maybe i just picked the 3 off the list that sucked? :P ).

The beer selection is extremely limited

The service was prompt, polite and overall 4 star worthy

The price was not too bad with it coming out to around 90 dollars a person for a total of 10 dishes and 6 beers.
Do yourself a favor and order the bacon-wrapped figs, some Serrano ham and a selection of cheeses. This is a terrific way to start out your evening and all go great with a terrific selection of beverages. Their house gin & tonic is made with Hendrick's. Enough said!
From a vegan perspective is this place is an excellent option on the strip, the waiters are very knowledgeable about what menu items are vegan as well as which can be modified to be vegan - they were even careful to give us the right bread.    Everything was an absolutely delicious culinary experience and there was more than enough dishes to choose from.  The line and crowd in front made us concerned that it would be uncomfortably packed and too close for comfort inside but that was not the case at all - its busy but very comfortable and great service.  Extra tip - definitely get the gin and tonic.
incredible experience.  most of the tapas were superb; a few were ok.  but the vibe, waitstaff, great tapas and wine motivate 5 stars.  i will 100% be back to this place during future vegas trips
An ok dinner experience.  The food was good, but...  I'm a big fan of tapas, but the portions are extremely small.  We were all hungry after dinner.  Sangria is good here.  With all the other Spanish and tapas style choices in Las Vegas, I would not return.
Three visits to Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan and each time I've left more impressed than the last time. This past visit was with a party of six. Their menu is always intimidating because of the number of dishes available, so instead of debating which to order we opted for a tasting menu. Similar to an omakase, we left the decision making in the hands of our waiter and the kitchen, although we mentioned a couple specific items that we wanted. Our waiter said it would be about $50 per person for the food.

What followed was a gluttonous feast of about 13 dishes plus two desserts that were almost all amazing. Our meal consisted of:

Pan con tomate (2 orders) - toasted slices of crispy bread brushed with fresh tomato
Three queso (2) - cheese platter
Jamon serrano (3) - 18-month salt-cured ham
Espinacas (2) - sauteed spinach, pine nuts, raisins and apples
Bruselas de jamon (2) - warm brussels sprouts salad with apricots, apple and serrano ham
Gambas al ajillo (2) - shrimp sauteed with garlic
Pulpo a feira (2) - boiled octopus with potatoes, pimenton and olive oil
Mejillones al vapor (1) - steamed mussels with bay leaf, lemon and olive oil
Calamares tinta (2) - seared fresh squid with squid ink sauce, artichokes and pearl onions
Carne asada (2) - grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit
Codorniz Catalan (2) - grilled whole quail with apple puree and pinenuts
Ensalada Malaguena (1) - traditional salad from malaga of Spanish cod, oranges, potato and black olives
Paella Iberico (1) - made with the ribs of Iberico pigs
Flan (1) - classic Spanish flan with espuma of Catalan cream and oranges
Pan con chocolat (1) - chocolate cake with hazelnut praline ice cream and salted caramel sauce

The spinach dish sounds simple but the flavors that they were able to coax out of those common ingredients was unforgettable. Even if you're not a fan of those leafy greens chances are you'll love it. Other favorites were the mussels (much better than the previous time I had them), quail, and the squid, a dish as beautiful as it was delicious.

I could probably list all as my favorites because each was well executed. Some caught our attention with bold and complex flavors while others were more subtle, yet just as refined. It was an excellent mix that showcased the ingredients and the chefs' skills. The relaxed pace of the meal (about two and a half hours) gave us plenty of time to appreciate each dish and try plenty of cocktails and sangria.

After it was all said and done, we walked out spending about $120 a person (including alcohol, tax and tip). For an outstanding meal on the Strip that's more than reasonable.
After winning a small jackpot at cosmopolitan we dedicated our prize to this amazing dinner experience on Christmas eve dinner. We had their bellota paella, patas brava, white asparagus, shrimp in garlic tomato sauce, and the lamb ribs. Everything was made to perfection and tasty. Our server was amazing and very helpful in helping us ordering and accommodated us with two of the best desserts I have ever had on the house because according to him some of our dishes took a bit longer to come out. Will definitely go back and try more dishes.
We had been to E inside Jaleo so we had high expectations for this meal, It did not disappoint. We had all kinds of stuff, the ones that stood out were the mini sandwich with the ham and cheese, the fried bacon wrapped dates. Those were so good we ordered a second one. We had about 10 dishes a cheese plate with three cheese and ginger ale the total came out to 145.00 before tip.
What a disappointment... In terms of food and service.  We also did "è" a few months ago so we knew the gin and tonic would be good...which it was with its cool globe shaped ice cube...

Now food... The only things we thought were really good were the veal checks.. Very tender and soft.. And also the cannelloni noodle with the pork filing.. Very rich but good.  

The tomato bread seemed soggy.. The croquettes (while served in a playful shoe) were only ok... The bacalao empanadas were like fried greasy wontons.  The asparagus was tender but only tasty if u dipped it in the sauce it came with which wasn't enough Togo around. We had a sample of the lobster paella ... The rice was dry and tasteless, lobster was overdone... So glad we didn't order it.

Now service...there was some major disconnect between the server and other servers as well as with us.. Moreso than I have ever seen before at a restaurant.
Our first round of ordering I ordered a dish that never came.. So when we asked about he he was like "oh, I wasn't sure if you wanted me to put it in"... Then when we said "yeah.. We do"..  He was like "oh actually, well the chef wasn't happy with this dish tonight so we suggest you try another dish similar to that".... Ok.... But it was weird he never told us this.

Next time he said "we have lobster paella now but later they are making shortrib paella". We said we would like the short rib paella when it comes out..and then ordered some other dishes. Meanwhile a waitress comes by 15 min later with a plate and says "the waiter said you were interested in the paella so here is a sample of the lobster paella". We tasted it and thought "meh, glad we ordered the shortrib cuz this isn't that good". Meanwhile other small plates come out and we said "oh is the short rib paella coming still?". Then he was like all "oh I wasn't sure if you wanted it" and we were like yeah we ordered the shortrib... He's like "oh but didn't the waitress give you a sample,". We were very confused.. He said "oh the chefs decided to go with lobster all night and not do the short rib"...  Ok.... Why didn't you tell us this when we clearly ordered it?? 

So much confusion... So awkward... And so overpriced. The dishes were not that well executed and staff seemed not well-meshed. I thought maybe when we were seated at the bar before our reservation at "è" that it was awkward that they forgot about us and we got seated to "é" late (even though we were very early).. But apparently staff disconnect is a common theme here....
Very fun joint and menu. Lots of options for vegetarians.  Loved the endive con queso and the papas arrugas.  And a bit of sherry as well.  Yum!
This was my favorite restaurant of my Vegas trip.  I've always loved spanish food since a family vacation when I was 14, so when I saw there was a tapas place in the hotel we were staying at, I knew we had to go.  We didn't have a reservation (story of my life) so we ended up at the little bar in front of one of the prep areas.  This ended up being really cool since I actually saw one of my dishes being prepared- more on that later.  
         Our server was great- she had a lot of solid recommendations, including the gin and tonic.  It's my boyfriend's favorite drink, so we had high hopes which were completely met and exceeded.  Delicious!  The sphere of ice was awesome too.
    We started with the salmon tartare and salmon roe cones, which were reminiscent of those we had at The French Laundry- not as good, and slightly fishy for my taste, but my boyfriend enjoyed them.  Next the spanish omelette and gazpacho.  The spanish omelette was good, but only average.  The gazpacho was AMAZING though.  While we were waiting I noticed the cook in the prep station in front of me delicately placing tomatoes and sprigs of something green- using tweezers(!)- into a dish.  I commented on how cool that attention to detail was, and two minutes later that dish appeared in front of me, ready for cold soup to be poured over it!  The soup was fantastic, the perfect melding of all the flavors, not too spicy and salsa-y, not to greasy and oily.   I would have been totally happy eating several bowls of this the entire meal.  We also got the shrimp sautéed in garlic, grilled asparagus and raw salmon.  The shrimp and asparagus were as expected, good, but not incredible.  The salmon was my boyfriend's favorite part of the meal.  It was sliced paper thin and spread across the plate.  I have no idea how they sliced it so thin but it was wonderful.  
     All in all a great meal- I wish I had been hungrier so I could have tried more things.
On my Blog, http://shineandsparklereport.blogspot.com/   I just posted about how how to achieve those weigh loss resolution goals.  I should have mentioned Jaleo as one of those ways.

High quality, fresh, and tasty food is abundant here.  The egg tortilla was simply the best egg dish I have ever consumed in my life.  But the prices are pretty high for small portions.  I know you are supposed to share multiple dishes, but there isn't a whole lot in each dish to share.  Splitting with two people is ok, but with a larger group?  Forget about it.  Each dish really just has enough maybe 2-3 bites. 

I'd say that this place is great if you are not that hungry and want some tasty bites or want to lose a few pounds.  But if you are any normal level of hungry, your money is probably better spent somewhere else.
I have no idea how others have rated this so low...

Visited Jaleo this Friday night during my yearly trip to CES.  My wife and I were seated promptly with our reservation, with Erik being our waiter.  Erik took our order, and offered his recommendations on our ideas, including recommending a fantastic beer, and some additional/replacement food options to our original ideas.  He wasn't pushy...just offered some alternatives that he thought we would enjoy...which we did.

The food is fantastic.  We had croquets, roasted peppers with goat cheese, hamon, bread with tomato, vermicelli with seafood...all were fantastic, even the peppers (which I am usually not a huge fan of).

The entire staff was hyper-attentive all night, including constantly clearing spent dishes, wiping the table of any small spill.  Special kudos for allowing us to enjoy our meal, at our own pace, even though the place was absolutely hopping.

Big, big thumbs up.  We'll see you next year!
In Top Chef Seattle (Restaurant Wars episode), Tom Colicchio mentioned that diners try a restaurant for the food, but return for the service. This is one of the cases. The food here isn't outstanding or the best I've ever had. It's good, but the atmosphere & people make it memorable.

Everyone that worked at Jaleo was super attentive, friendly, & joking around with us (I mentioned that I'd like the whole garlic bulb when they brought out the giant paella pan, and one of the waiters ended up bringing me all three of them on a plate!). Gazpacho shooter was a highlight. The croquettes were yummy. The paella needs some work. 

Food presentation was definitely a highlight. Check out how they serve the croquettes!
Came here thinking it was China Poblano (oops), and sat at the bar since I was by myself. I asked the bartender for some recommendations on non-seafood items and he pointed me to two dishes...

Canelones Tradicionales De Cerdo Y Hígado De Pato Con Salsa Bechamel (pork and foie gras canelones with bechamel sauce) - this looked like two enchiladas when they came out covered in cheese. It didn't taste anything special and the meat just tasted like random meat with no foie gras in it. Boring dish in terms of flavor

Setas Al Ajillo Con La Serena (sautéed wild mushrooms with la serena potato purée) - This could have been a MUCH better dish if it wasn't over seasoned. Way too salty.

Overall, very unimpressed with the two dishes I ordered. I might come back to try something else, but definitely not those two dishes.
While in Vegas for CES week my hubby and I decided to mix business with pleasure and had date night.  I chose Jaleo as I was in the mood for tapas. 

We started with a carafe of their featured cocktail - Sangria, of course!  The sangria had a nice blend of fresh fruits and it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. I don't particularly like sweet sangria so this was very easy to drink.

For food we started with a Manchego Cheese Bocadillo.  It reminded me of the baguette sandwiches in Paris.  The flauta bread wasn't too tough or crunchy which was great but this was my least favorite item of the evening.  We also ordered Patatas Bravas and it was 5 stars all the way!  The potatoes were crisp yet soft.  The spicy tomato sauce and alioli complemented the potatoes nicely.  Next came the Gambas al Ajillo which was basically shrimp sautéed in garlic. Great tapas dish!  We were still hungry so we decided to order 2 more dishes.  After perusing the large menu we went with Carne Asada and Chistorra Envuelta en Patata Frita.  Sounds fancy but it's chorizo wrapped in crispy potato.  These final 2 dishes were amongst our favorite!  I also adored the presentation of the wrapped chorizo. (see pics)  Our top pick of the evening was the Carne Asada which arrived last.  Our server didn't ask how we wanted it prepared but it came out perfectly to our liking - medium to medium rare.  The skirt steak was extremely flavorful and juicy.

TIP: Make a reservation as it can fill up quickly!  We went on a weeknight but being that it was CES week they were very busy.  Lucky for us, I made reservations on OpenTable so we were seated quickly.
When you want unique tapas, this is the place to go!   We enjoyed

1) Ajo Blanco Con Cangrejo - chilled almond and garlic soup with crabmeat and green grapes    This coarse soup is very tasty; the grapes were thinly sliced instead of just a whole grape.  Highly recommend.

2)  Ostras 'gin & Tonic' five oysters with lemon, gin and tonic 
Be sure to slurp the wonderful tasting gin sauce before enjoying the oyster.

3)  Remolacha Con Cítricos
a salad of red beets, citrus, la peral cheese and pistachios with sherry dressing 

Tasty and a nice pallette cleanser between tapas....

4) pork and foie gras canelones with bechamel sauce 
Unique way to serve foie gras - and enjoyable.  Since we live in a state where foie gras is illegal, it was so fun (yet naughty) to enjoy such a fun dish. As mentioned by others they are like foie gras cannelonis.

5)  Bikini De Jamón Ibérico, Queso Manchego Y Trufas
pressed sándwich of ibérico ham, manchego cheese and truffles

The truffles makes this a unique smooth and enjoyable dish.

We enjoyed sangria with dinner.....

and then we had their wonderful cappuchinos and desert of 


    Pan Con Chocolate

    chocolate custard with caramelized bread, olive oil and brioche ice cream

Olive oil ice cream - yum, the best.  

This is our second visit to Jaleo and the food was as good and as unique as our first visit.  Our server was good, but not as wonderful as our first visit. Our first visit the server went out of her way to recommend and delight us with her recommendations for both alcohol and tapas to order.   

As such, we saved about $70.00 this 2nd visit......as we ordered fewer drinks and left with a little less alcoholic buzz.    We would have gladly paid that $70.00 for the same sever in the future....however.  She was amazing.
Prices are very high and the plates are small- but it is so good!
My favorite thing by far is the Pan De Cristal Con Tomate Fresco, which is toasted bread with a very flavorful tomato sauce on top. It's addictive. The best place to sit is at the island bar, where you get to see them make appetizers and most seafood plates.
If you are really hungry and want a lot of food, but don't like high prices, this is not a place for you. But, if you want a small meal full of flavor and don't care about the price, then you should seriously consider coming here once in your life.
Overrated, overpriced, and at best, an average tapas place. Good things: The atmosphere was terrific, and the service was very good. bringing food in a sneaker was a turn off.
Chicken in the shoe is the best dish there.  Hands down.  No I don't like feet.
Very suprised at Jose Andres , not that I expect him to be overseeing things but it could be much better. 
I liked the layout of the restaurant, that's about it. 
The Sangria was watered down red wine. The "Jose's gin n tonic $17" was nothing special. Pulpo $12 for 10 nickel-sized pieces was served with no seasalt at all, I would've added my own if there was salt around anywhere. I asked for some bread and got three triangle pieces, ok . Then I saw $3 on the check for bread ???? 
The Paella Iberico was extremely salty $36 for a Tapa. 
Two people $251.00 plus tip. 
Very overpriced for what is served.
Back again and although I was really jonesing for E in the back, it was short notice and once again Jaleo was great.  

Started off with one of the best gin and tonic drinks I have ever had.  We then ordered a series of tapas and was once again delighted course after course.

One slight criticism, we ordered the Jamon Belotta Fermin and it was sort of a dump of sliced jamon all mangled together. Still tasty but the slices should have been laid out for easy eating. No big deal but worth mentioning in case management is reading.

My favorites remain the salmon roe cone and Jose Andrea's mother's recipe Flan for dessert.
I'm sorry, but I was very disappointed.  Although the decor and atmosphere was very nice, the food was mediocre at best.  Tapas portions ranged from minuscule to fair.  It just screamed of tourist trap dining.  We went to firefly (inadvertently) the next night and the difference was unbelievable.  If you are in the mood for tapas, do yourself a favor and skip Jaleo.
Honestly, not my fav. The portions are beyond small. They're tiny!

The mussels weren't great. No extra broth at all so they weren't moist. Comes with one slice of bread and if you ask for more they'll charge you. Really? Yes, really. 
This restaurants took small plates to a whole different level. I'm talking bite size small. 

My favorites were the Garlic shrimp and Pan De Cristal Con Tomato Fresco.
I really have mixed feeling about this restaurant.
I loved some of the items such as the Almond soup which is out of this world.
However the tomato covered bread is just not good!!
The portions are way too small.
Our first server was not good at all. He had failed to really go through their protocol presentation.
It is only through chance that we found out how they normally like to serve the guests.
Our temporary server whom we asked to stay on really was amazing. she took her time to explain how they guest will experience the dishes and the history on the chef.
This made everything make so much more sense.
Un-effin-believable! Fantastic food! Some of the best dining I've ever had. Quite expensive, as far as tapas go. However, the menu is extensive, and the quality of food is top notch. The service was good, and the atmosphere is nice, as long as you aren't on the extreme exterior of the restaurant. LV is very expensive for quality dining, but this place can be cheaper, if you limit the # of dishes you order. If I ever go back to LV, I will certainly come back to Jaleo.
Another restaurant in the cosmopolitan that is overrated and overpriced! 100.00 per person and we left hungry. tiny portions and less than special paella!
This might be the favorite of the many great restaurants I ate at in Vegas. The space is beautifully appointed, the food was perfect and beautifully presented and our server, Andrew, was the best. He was especially helpful when it came to making suggestions. 

We started with a pitcher of the sparkling white sangria which is prepared table side and has fresh raspberries and blackberries along with some citrus fruit in it. Only the berries find their way into your glass which was nice. 

We had chicken croquettes served in a sneaker, quail, chicken with a garlic sauce, patatas bravas, and empanadas for the table. All were good, the empanadas being the only one we wouldn't have reordered had we gone back. They were good, but everything else was better and we'd swap out to try something else. 

Andrew was fun and attentive and made sure to pop a candle in our exchange students chocolately good dessert; we were celebrating her 1/2 birthday.

Awesome, awesome, awesome.
Second time in Vegas and a friend and I choose Jaleo to have a 
Late dinner after work.  Great food and a great time!!!
Love the ribs am soft cheese!
Ok dishes... The tiniest portion size (and yes I know tapas... that wasn't even a sample!) and service was nil.  I've never felt so ignored and neglected at a restaurant in my life... We brought a group of 9 people with us... so it's not like it was the largest party either... It wasn't that busy considering it was a Thursday night and on top of that when someone orders sangria for 4 people, that means only 4 will want it... so please don't bring cups and enough for all 9 guests and charge us for 9 when only 4 was specified... We even gave you 5 cups back
Best sangria I've ever had at a restaurant, hands down. Excellent paella with a wonderful selection of styles available. Service is great. Very lively place to eat. I enjoy sitting at the bar and people watching. Highly recommended.
The steeper the bill becomes, the better the food is ??? 

In this instance, it is correct. With the bill coming out to about $250 for four people. We sure got our monies worth. We ordered a plethora or goodies. Everything was great in its own righteousness. We also shared a carafe of sangria which wasn't too bad and topped off with the olive oil ice cream.. yumm.

It's a tapas place so everything comes in small portion, though each plate is an average of $12/ea. It's worth it. You have to try the chicken frittatas that comes in a shoe!

Worth the experience. 

A more detail list of how everything went will follow.
Okay, if you have read my reviews of Jose Andres' other restaurants, you know I consider him some sort of crazy, manic food genius.  So it won't come as any surprise that we thoroughly enjoyed our meal at his Vegas outpost.  Much better atmosphere and vibe than his DC restaurant by the same name, although nothing can compare to the culinary madness of his Hollywood outpost, Bazaar.

As other reviewers have commented, the plates are small, and the prices are a tad on the high side.  But as usual with Andres, the dishes are creative, the presentation is beautiful, and the ingredients are outstanding.

The pan con tomate was very authentic and the bread was great.  The seleccion de embutidos (various Spanish hams and sausages) was of course amazing (you can't screw up good chorizo or jamon iberico de bellotas).  The bacon wrapped dates were a very nicely done rendition of this Spanish classic.  The olives two ways (a la Feran Adria) are always a delight, especially the molecular liquid olives, and this version featured a black olive, very different from the green olive versions we have had before.  The high point of the entire meal may have been the veal cheeks, slowly braised until they were fall-apart tender, and served with some creamy mashed potatoes and a couple of lovely home-made potato chips.  The gambas al ajillo was the only dish we didn't enjoy - too much tomatoes (we prefer just garlic and oil).  The wine list is outstanding, and we had a couple of excellent Spanish reds with our dinner.

As always with Andres, an outstanding meal and a wonderful experience!
A little pricey for tapas, it was $440 for 4 people (including tip, 3 bottles of wine and one cocktail - the wine was $117). The cooked tapas were delicious and so was the desert. The items that were NOT worth it were the chorizo, 8 tiny rounds, and the Jamon Iberico of acorn fed pigs, 4 thin slices at $24, total waste of money, didn't even taste good. If you stay away from the cheese plates and charcuterie you will probably be very happy with the selection.
I came here with my co workers for dinner and it blew my mind. We started the night with a bottle of red wine and a flask of sangria. We ordered the chef's choice. I don't even know half the stuff that came out but everything was amazing. One of the exotic food that blew my mind was the chicken liver? It looked like they melted cheese on top of it or something but it was really tasty. Tiny portions but somehow I left really full. I felt like I've tasted a little bit of everything. I would definitely love to go back to this place.
sorry, this place is all about nothing...the girl at the desk is not nice...had a reservation for 830 showed up at 810...was seated at 840...the food was terrible!!!! the shrimp in tomato was awful, the sauce was equal to that of chef boy ardee....the brussel sprout salad was awful, the bread with cheese on top was just that...the skirt steak was awful...the waitress was miserable...seriously dont recommend!!
Prices are high but these tapas are well-executed, inventive, delicious little flavor bombs in a pretty restaurant in Vegas. 

Cocktails are excellent - I had a negroni made with tomato water. We were a large group and asked the waitress just to feed us, for about $50 per person. She was great - we had a few DUDES with us so in addition to the tapas she also brought out two massive steaks, which finally got everyone to their food tipping point. 

Winners: pan con tomate with manchego, croquetas (though why they serve it in a shoe is beyond me), garlic shrimp, patatas bravas, poached lobster salad, fennel with apple, flan.

More detail and photos here: http://www.eattalk.net/2013/02/postcard-from-las-vegas.html#.USfVZOgRQtU
Dear Jose Andres,

Please stop making such delicious food. My bank account hurts.

Jaleo has one of the largest menus I've ever seen. Factor in my inability to settle on just a few items, I will get just about everything that peaks my interest... Which unfortunately for me is everything on this massive menu T__T The food here is fabulous. It's not just delicious but creative, innovative and exciting!

Jaleo has a 5-star selection of cured meats. I personally like to start my meal with these items. I consider the embutidos to be the money-waster section of the menu. Portion sizes are small. Zero bang for your buck but oh so totally worth it. If you're feeling frisky, opt for the kobe of pork products. You only get like 5-6 slices but the cured ham from the magical unicorn pig from the isles of... gotcha! In all seriousness, get the black-footed Iberico just once. It's supposedly fed only acorns and results in meat that makes your mouth water just looking at it.

Vegetable-wise, Jaleo makes an amazing warm brussel sprouts salad with apricots, apple and serrano ham. They only use the outer leaves and they're cooked to perfection so they still have a bit of bite. Its a good enough portion for 2 but you'll want the whole bowl to yourself. Also noteworthy is their sauteed spinach. And where else can you get Liquid Olives? These little suckers are a result of some sweet molecular gastronomy. Little blobs of deliciousness that emulsify on the  palate. Sounds weird but I swear they're amazing. They're served with 'real' olives too. I'm a beet addict and always looking for new ways to prepare them. Their Beet Salad prep is 1. different from every place else (no generic roasted beets with goat cheese) and #2 has pistachios in it--the junk food of nuts.

Some of my favorite fried items include the Bacon-Wrapped Dates (nothing special but still delicious), the fried eggplant, and the Cod Empanadas (they're served with honey which makes these totally addicting!)

Seafood: Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp & garlic) and the Squid w/ Squid Ink. If you're craving mussels, order them elsewhere. The ones here are pretty uninspired.

This review is getting a little lengthy so I'll just finish the food stuff by saying the carne asada needs to be ordered. :)

How much you spend is entirely dependent on how much food it takes to satiate your appetite and how much meat you order in comparison to the potatoes.  I mean that literally and figuratively. We generally spend $50-80 per person when we come here. Most dishes run $10-20 but of course there are the outliers (like the ham and paella). And drinks are pretty pricy here too. When you have that WTF moment when you see Jose's $17 gin & tonic... trust me and Jose when we say it is THE BEST gin & tonic you will ever have in your life. Juniper Berries are the business. Plus, be endlessly entertained by the ice sphere (which I like to obsess over every time).
Best spot in the Cosmo. I tried China Pablano before and was impressed by Jose Andres. It was on the salty side for me, but I thought the food was good. A year later, a friend invited me out to Jaleo. Now this is where the celebrity chef shines. 

The wait because of Magic was ridiculous. Even with a reservation, we waited half an hour at the bar before our table was ready. That will not be a problem, because we were at the bar. Jose Andres restaurants are known for one drink and that drink is the best gin and tonic ever. This beverage has converted many who swear to not be gin drinkers. It is just that good. 

Once we got out table, it was an ordering frenzy. I will not even be able to name all of the items that hit our table, because we were flooded from the time the cava punch bowl was set down until it was time for desserts.

The highlights were the chilled garlic and almond soup, grilled octopus, iberico pork risotto, rack of lamb, and any dessert with the olive oil ice cream. By the end of our meal, we were ready to be rolled out of the restaurant. Self control was not even an option.
Ate here in Jan 2013.  

I'm giving 4 stars because it is REALLY loud and pricey.  

Food is delicious.  We didn't have one thing that we didn't like.  Loved the gin and tonic oysters as well as the mussels.  The best mussels I've ever had.  (the ones with broth)

Drink menu is interesting as well.   

Don't think you'll be able to have a nice quiet chat with your dining companions.  CRAZY loud in the restaurant.
This is a fun restaurant to go to with a large group. The ambiance and service were great and the food was imaginative.  I liked all the small dishes to share and for the most part everything was delicious.  We asked the waiter to bring us a variety of tapas so we tasted a lot of items and most were very good.  The presentation of one item in a shoe was very unappealing and the pork was tough.  Otherwise fantastic,  colorful and fun.  Our bill with drinks was over $100 per person so be prepared.
Drinks were great, atmosphere was ok and service was fine but the food was horrible--way too greasy and expensive.  Very disappointed in this Jose Andres restaurant.
I've been doing research and such for my upcoming honeymoon to Spain (brag brag brag), and part of that has been watching lots of episodes of Made in Spain. It was on Hulu, so why the hell not, right? I'd been aware of José Andrés for awhile, but in watching his show I've discovered that he's kind of freaking awesome. So perhaps this was the motivation for me finally trying one of his restaurants on my most recent trip to Vegas. Or maybe it's just that I really, really like Spanish food. Or both. I think it's both.

Anyway, I rounded up five food-loving dining companions and together we ventured into Jaleo on one fine Saturday night just after my 30th birthday. We were seated quickly and given iPads on which to choose drinks. I see the reason for doing this (because the wine list we were presented was a lot different than the one on the web site, so it seems they do a lot of updating), but none of us could really get it to work right (and at least half of the folks at the table own their own iPads). I think I accidentally turned the thing off two or three times. But after some fumbling, we successfully ordered our wines. I wish I could tell you what I shared with my fiance, but it is not listed on their website. So I can tell you it was dry, white, and awesome. 

Next, onto the food! We were six very hungry people and we ordered many, many things of supreme deliciousness. The canelones were the highlight for me, primarily because of the perfectly browned manchego cheese on the top. Heavenly, you guys. Some other things that were particularly ASTONISHING:

- the veal cheeks
- the bacon wrapped dates (I know this is on every menu, but the fact that they were fried made them at least 50% better than any others I've had).
- the stuffed piquillo peppers (though the ones at Julian Serrano are still better; don't tell José I said that)
- the sliders (get the Iberico bacon!) 

We ordered the olives and one of my friends really didn't care for the liquid olives, but the rest of us approved of the FLAVOR EXPLOSION. Nothing else missed for anybody. 

Service here was just fantastic. Our waiter was super helpful with lots of recommendations, and was able to help us figure out how many orders of each thing to get. I really liked how they paced out the tapas. At a lot of other small plates spots, I sometimes feel inundated because everything seems to come out at once. Here they made it so that we were able to enjoy one or two dishes at a time, and I really appreciated that. 

Yeah, everything is expensive here, but you're on The Strip. We were all quite full for about $80/person, which is well into special occasion range, but totally worth it. And some have said it's too loud in here, but the place was packed and none of us had any trouble hearing each other at the table. Maybe we're just loud. 

Oh, and José totally replied to a tweet I wrote about the restaurant while we were still in the restaurant, and I am easily impressed so it was the coolest thing ever.

With all of this in mind, I would officially like to give this restaurant a Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
Food tastes great, but when the say "small plates" they mean it. Bring your wallet or don't bring an appetite.
Excellent food, wine and service. However, if you do not like Spanish cuisine, then this is probably not the place for you. While it is not traditional, it's still Spanish enough; which for us is Heaven! Jose Andres is a genius and Jaleo is a masterpiece. We dine here every time we are in Vegas.
This is one of the best places in Vegas.  I've been to way too many big famous chefs' restaurants, and MOST of them were terrible: under deliver, and over priced.  I don't mind spending more, but it must be worthy the price.  I think Jaleo is so far the BEST restaurant in Vegas when it comes to food and drinks.  Service is another story.  But anyway, for the food, I can give in a little for the service.

1st of all, we ordered "Jose's gin and tonic".  Because it was labeled "It's the best gin and tonic you will ever have..." on the menu.  Personally, I HATE gin and tonic, but since 'it's the BEST", I had to try it.  
They literary "MIX" drinks.  They used long skinny tweezers, carefully pick and put the ingredients in the glass, followed by a 2" diameter clear ice ball (perfectly made ice ball, with no bobble and all clear, trust me, it's NOT easy to make), then they added gin and tonic. 1st sip was "WOW, it's refreshing!"  There was no strong nasty gin taste to it, you could taste the gin, just not the overwhelming nasty one.  $16

Usually, most Vegas restaurants take average 15-30 mins to bring food to the table.  But this place was impressively FAST!  The 1st dish was brought to the table within 5 mins, then within 10 mins after the 1st dish, we received all 6 plates of food!  WOW!!!!!

The cod empanadas was AMAZING!  Same technique and concept as the Philly cheese steak from Bazaar in SLS Beverly Hills.  It was light and airy, but with a nice concentrated cod favor, not too strong, it was perfect!  And it was well priced at $10.  This is a MUST-TRY.

The grill skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit was my favorite!  Perfectly cooked steak, evenly sliced, the pepper was well seasoned.  Actually the pepper taste EXACTLY the same as the Spanish pepper from Rivera downtown LA.  

Paellas were good, touch too salty for my taste.  We ordered both the rabbit one and the lobster one.  The rabbit was slightly dry and overcooked, but over all, not bad.  The lobster was EVERY FRESH and PERFECTLY cooked through out!  And you actually get the whole entire lobster!  Great price!  

Now I'm really looking forward for my chef's table at Jaleo Washington DC.

Most famous chefs opened one restaurant after another, they stopped caring about the food.  I think Jose Andres is the next Wolfgang Puck.  (I've been to a few Wolfgang restaurants, most of them were VERY disappointing: the food was not even good, slow and bad service, the drinks were not special at all, and the prices were way too high for the quality, expect WP24, but it's still a little over priced)   Just hope that all Jose's restaurants will continuing stay consistent.
This place is really an amazing stop.  I was in Vegas for a bachelor weekend with my best friend and 4 other guys.  Be stayed at the Jockey club attached to this place.  After some careful planning prior to our trip to Vegas, we came across this place for dinner.  The food was amazing.  The chicken is so tender, and the staff seems very enthusiastic.  I have eaten a lot of tapas at different places across the country, but this is hands down the best I have ever had.  If your in Vegas in the cosmo or near bye.  Check this place out.
Hearing all the hype really put my expectations high for this place, but I ended up being disappointed. The staff, ambiance, and location is great! The food...not so much. I ate about $200 worth of food and the only thing I liked was the deep friend dates wrapped with bacon. Overall, not worth it.
Wow this place was absolutely amazing! All the food just melted in your mouth to perfection! I was super impressed. One place with great service great drinks AND superb food?? Yes, they had it all!

I would definitely recommend this place for good drinks and snacks...(I say snacks because the portions are all smaller then appetizer size) but totally worth it.

It was fun it was a very social place and I might hit this place before I go clubbing from now on ;)
I swore off Jose Andres establishments after our disastrous experience in Miami, but my wife and brother talked me into it.  I am glad they did because the meal awesome.  

Surprisingly Jaleo was the best meal of our trip.   Every dish the server brought out was great.  Service was spotty at times, but the awesome food made up for it!   Go here for your pre-Marquee meal.
NASTY OILY GREASY. I will NEVER be back. It only gets two stars because the waitstaff was attentive and pleasant and the drinks were very tasty. It was clean but the food was just terrible. Minus points for being in the Cosmopolitan. The tackiest place on earth with the trashiest women walking around in dresses that look like they're about to burst. Like a potato in a microwave.
Lord of the Flies sprang to mind when I first walked in.  A pig on a spit turned over an actual wood fire burning in the restaurant.  It smelled like the autumnal bonfires I used to attend in East Atlanta.  But it's not overwhelming.  

Cast (In order of appearance)
-toasted slices of uniquely crispy and ethereal bread brushed with fresh tomato with Pasamontes Manchego
-fried dates wrapped in bacon
-scallops in a romesco sauce
-veal cheeks and morels with olive oil potato purée
-a dry-cured chorizo made with ibérico meat
-pressed sándwich of ibérico ham, manchego cheese and truffles
-a jaleo favorite with spicy tomato sauce and alioli
-pressed sándwich of ibérico ham, manchego cheese and truffles (Yes, we ordered this again right away.)

Everything was my favorite.  Don't waste your time on dessert.  Also, the Manhattan is smooth.  It's at the Cosmopolitan Hotel along the strip and you must take two or three escalators to get there.  If it feels like you're getting close to heaven, you are.
Loved this place! Visited it with a reservation while in LV at a convention. We were there on a Monday night and it was PACKED! They specialize in Tapas and everything we had was good, or better. The food tasted very fresh which is huge for me. I also want to add we had great service. Check them out.
Everything here is great. I ate here 3 times in one weekend. Better Spanish food than anywhere I've eaten in Spain.
we had a veritable feast at jaleo during my last trip to las vegas. 

the experience was lovely! i had been to jaleo in dc and not been particularly impressed, but the vegas restaurant is a whole other story. i loved our experience.

it felt like we basically ate and drank our way through espana! yum. we started, por supuesto, with the sangria. which was wonderful. not overly sweet and filled with lots of fruit! we ate...well, alot. we opted for one of the cheese plates, which turned out to be an excellent choice- the cheeses ranged from hard to soft and in taste. we then moved to several of the small dishes, including a chorizo wrapped in a potato (!) and a paella tapa that really stood out. we left stuffed, slightly tipsy and happy. 

i have to make a special point to say that our waiter was awesome- he totally catered the meal to us, making great suggestions based on what we had previously. he was right on the money with all of his suggestions. though the atmosphere is a little lacking...it sort of feels like a mall restaurant, the food more than makes up for it.
What do you think was the best part of my trip to Vegas?  Was it the gambling?  The constant ability to find something to do at any time of day?  The lights and people of the strip?

While all of these things make Vegas what it is today- the best part of my recent trip was dinner at Jaleo.

On a friend's recommendation, I made a reservation before I got to Vegas just to ensure we could get in.  Getting in didn't seem to be the problem on this Tuesday night as we went early- but by the time we left- every table was filled.  Also know that Jaleo is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel at the top of the bank of elevators.  If you come in on the cab side- you will have to walk all the way through the casino and then head upstairs.

We were seated in some funky clear acrylic chairs that had us wondering all night if our "butts looked big in this?"  Kidding . . .but those are some funny chairs!

Our server was great making plenty of suggestions and finding me a Spanish wine that would equal my beloved Cab.  They do the ipad thing with their drink selections listed on it- but for this girl- sometimes just asking is the best way.

And then-"Ta-da" . . . . THE FOOD!  Our server suggested 6 or so things to share but there were so many things to try that we ended up ordering 8.  Not to worry, there wasn't a smidge of anything left on our table.  In no particular order we had:
-Gin and Tonic oysters
-Chicken Fritters served in a shoe.  A SHOE!!
-White asparagus with thyme served in a sardine can
-Lobster salad- very unexpected and fresh
-Cauliflower with dates and olives- a god must have created this mixture it was so good
-Scallops in a red sauce
-Steamed Mussels 
-Grilled chicken

All were amazing, although I probably would not order the chicken again as it just couldn't stand up to the amazing combination of flavors of the other dishes.

And that shoe that the chicken fritters come in was a funny story.  I saw the busser walking around with a shoe on his tray and asked just what was up with that.  He said the chef liked that brand of shoe and that he chose to serve food in it.  As simple as that , and even though neither my friend or l were eating fried or breaded food, we had an order of those darn fritters!

A great night out in a city that has a ton of amazing places to eat.  Jaleo has to go on your list of places to check out!
YUMMY food!

such good red wine.

i have no idea what we ordered, but every single dish that came up was really really good.

i wish i knew spanish so i know what we ordered, but give it a try...it might surprise you.
I traveled through Spain all last winter, so my expectations were high. They were met. Food, wine, and service were spot on. Make sure to order the cauliflower with roasted dates and the veal cheeks.
To sum it up in two words: Undeservingly pretentious.  The food was so overpriced for what it was.  Tapas with very fancy names and descriptions that are mediocre taste and presentation.  A carafe of sangria is $50 and it's maybe 1/10th as good as the sangria from Firefly. 

We ordered a variety of items to share between a group of 6 people.  This included Vieiras Con Salsa De Romesco (scallops), pork and foie gras canelones with bechamel sauce, grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit.  

The scallops were 2 tiny little scallops that were presented in such a dismal way that would never have made it past Gordon Ramsay in the show "Hell's Kitchen" (you know, where the scallop station is the death of every contestant!).  They were tiny and drowing in this orange sauce.  

The pork and foie gras canelones were probably the best out of all the things we ordered.  No one could detect the foie gras though.  They looked and tasted like little enchiladas so if there was foie gras, it was minced into the pork inside the canelones.  

We didn't eat all that much, but our bill was about $900 for the six of us.  If the food had been spectacular, I would have said it was completely worth it, but the food wasn't even "great."  What a waste, but I guess that's the risk you take for wanting to try a different fancy restaurant.  Just because it looks and seems fancy certainly does not guarantee a great culinary experience.

Last but not least, the service was all over the place.  Yes the restaurant was very busy, but our servers acted like they were running around with their heads cut off.  For a fine dining restaurant and that price tag, I expected more.
Good stuff, definitely check it out when in Vegas!
My second time eating at Jaleo!!!  Sat at the bar this time and I have to say that I am so glad that we did.  Enjoyed it much more than sitting at a table.  The bartenders and staff were super chatty and fun and made some great recommendations on drinks - particularly the Gin & Tonics.  SO glad we found out about those!  They were yummy!
Ok, so if you haven't gotten on the Tapas bandwagon, it's time.  

Ever since traveling to Barcelona a few years ago, I've grown to love tapas.  I simply like small plates in a great social atmosphere!  You can enjoy great cocktails & wine without getting overstuffed on huge, mammoth, super-size meals that is the norm these days.  

I really liked the selection of tapas here.  They had a great little shrimp tapas that was simply delicious (sorry name eludes me). 

Their wine selection was very good; lot's of light to medium bodied reds and refreshing whites to compliment most of all the plates.

The place was very, very crowded and unfortunately the service lacked a bit which is why the 3 star.  Could have been an off night for the service team or perhaps they werer simply overwhelmed by the number of people.

If yoiu want great atmosphere, good food and drinks, this is a good place.

enjoy~!
Excellent *****: veal cheeks
Very Good ****: carne asada, ham plate, flan
Good ***: bread with tomato and manchego cheese, olives with liquid olives, cheese plate, chicken fritters, sautéed spinach
Umm wow! Tapas were DELICIOUS!!

Not to mention our party got to be cool and sit on the Fooseball table.  So in between breaks of getting our food served to us, we were playing a competitive game of fooseball.  Might I add that I haven't played in so long, still managed to hold my fork to eat and, oh yes, still managed to keep scoring.

We came here on a Friday evening and this place was crowded.  If you are wondering, the fooseball table is not on the inside, we were outside of the restaurant.    As far as tapas go, we had: 

Remolacha con citricos-Beet salad, beet were cubed up, with orange slices, cheese of course with pistachio nuts and almost like a wine dressing...yum!

Rossejat-My first time trying paella, I can't say that I was impressed because the pasta was stuck to the pan and we found ourselves scraping the pan to get something onto our plate.  Flavor was definitely there, you could taste the squid and shrimp throughout. 

Vieiras con slasa de romesco-OMG, this was my favorite!! This is not your itty bitty scallop.  It is two large scallops flavored in a romesco sauce.  2 pieces don't sound like a lot for $18...but go for it.  It almost gave the Barrymore hardrubs. 

Canelones tradicionales de cerdo de y pato con salsa bechamel-This was Pork and Foie gras canelones, cooked in cheese.  Okay they had me at Foie gras, I wanted to eat the whole thing to myself.  I was scraping everything off of that plate.  

I tried the veel cheeks, sorry didn't get the name but that melted in my mouth and the bread with tomato with manchego cheese  was fresh tomato spread with slices of cheese and that was paired yummy with my Sirah.  

Good food and drinks, good fun, thumbs up from me.  A bit on the pricey side, but better than your regular tapa place!
I'm actually surprised that the ratings are so low! The food is innovative, visually appealing, and delicious (pan con anchovies is a must try and the pasta paella was exquisite)! The perfect trifecta! The service is exceptional as well. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. When she checked in on me, she gave me a slight rub on my back which I thought was cool because I felt like a friend not just a customer. The chefs were friendly (I sat at the bar) and funny. One of them entertained us all night. And when we dropped a spoon, he hurriedly found a replacement in an instant. 

Although the bill ended up being a little bit on the pricey side, it was well worth the many dishes I tried. If you've never had tapas before and is in Vegas, I'd highly recommend Jaleo.
I have been to "E" And Jaleo on two separate occasions and never had any issues but On Tuesday the 23rd I was in Jaleo eating dinner with my family, And we ordered a lot of food when the croquettes came out I bit into one and there was a HUGE CHICKEN BONE that stabbed me in the mouth. I let the waitress know and she said "it happens" They called over the manager and she offered to call a medic. She did not however offer to compensate anything on my meal. I told her that we did not want to eat anymore and she said that she would bring me my check for the cocktails that we ordered. I would expect this from some restaurants but not one in the cosmopolitan and surly not one that I am going to drop over $400 on one meal. I understand that this happens as they said to me after I was stabbed in the mouth, but the way the staff handled it was not appropriate. I will not be coming back to Jaleo or to the cosmopolitan.
New to Vegas, I took the advise of my neighbor and decided to give Jaleo a try because I LoVe tapas.  We went on a Saturday night, so it was crowded and loud.  It was so loud I could hardly focus on reading my menu, but nothing that a cocktail couldn't tame.

We tried what felt like the entire menu...Veal cheeks, paella with squid ink and shrimp, little grilled cheese sandwiches, stuffed pasilla peppers, a fried egg with caviar...and the list goes on and on.  The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the veal cheeks.  I'm not sure if its because it was the last thing we ate and I was already full, or if I just didn't like the flavor.  Actually I think it was because there was a little tiny calf mooing in my ear with every bite...I'm pretty sure that's what ruined it for me.

With as many restaurants as Vegas has I'm not sure if this is a must go back to next week kind of a restaurant, but I'm sure I will be back eventually.
I came to Jaleo for my bachelorette dinner party, looking forward to spanish tapas. Now given that Jaleo is at the Cosmopolitan on the strip, I was already anticipating high prices. What I didn't anticipate was: finding it difficult to find the restaurant since it wasn't marked well at all, very tiny portions for what they charged, and no sensitivity to food allergens. 

First off, it took my group a bit to find the place, with the restaurant not marked properly. Our confusion was resolved when we stumbled on it and they told us we had arrived. We only saw markings for China Poblano, so the confusion never really went away. 

After we sat down and started reviewing the menu, we started asking the waitress questions about the menu. Thankfully we brought up my allergy to shell fish because the whole fried section of the menu was hands off, even if items didn't have shell fish in it. Turns out they fry everything in the same oil - chicken, dates, shrimp... not a best practice they should continue. 

The dishes I was able to eat were good, but honestly, the dishes did not go far at all. Due to the fact I was expecting a nicer atmosphere and not having half the menu eliminated from eating because of the frying issue, the lack of food on the small plates really through this place over the edge for me. I would definitely recommend other restaurants in the Cosmopolitan over this one: Holstein's - excellent burgers, Comme Ca - excellent french bistro and STK - good steakhouse.
At $50 a person, I think it's fair to hold this place to a high standard. One of our dishes had literally spoiled, smelled like a barnyard floor, and had to be sent back. The chef admitted it had gone bad. Nothing we ordered attained a rarefied level of culinary excellence or elegance. The service was excellent, and I'm sure fancy people are going to continue spending piles of money here, but for this kind of money I won't be giving them a second chance. Ultimately uninspired.
Delicious! Best meal we had in Vegas!

Fav dish: surprisingly.... white asparagus 

-1 star for leaving smelling like a campfire.
Our experience at Jaleo was just OK. Unfortunately, this location is not as good as others we have tried. My expectations were so much higher having dined at the Bethesda location. Unfortunately, the food was lukewarm and was prepared in advance, instead of being freshly made. 

In particular, I was disappointed by the paella. The best thing about paella is that it comes steaming hot in a paella pot, with the rice sticking to the pot having a very distinct flavor. It even says on the menu that the waiting time is up to 45 minutes, but our paella came very quickly because it was already cooked in a bigger pot, and it tasted like it was reheated. Our waiter explained that it can be made to order only for parties of 6 or more, so if you are a smaller party it will not be as good. 

Overall, our dining experience was good, but based on my experience at Jaleo in Bethesda I was disappointed because I was expecting so much more.
Jaleo is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! The food is absolutely delicious, the plates are small (tapas style) so you get to try a lot of different things, and it has a non-stuffy, fun pre-going-out vibe. One of the tables is even a foosball table! I'm actually really surprised some of the reviews rate Jaleo so low...I've never been disappointed with a dinner there.

I ate there most recently last Friday night at 9pm with a table of four. Here are some of the foods we ordered that I can remember:

salmon cones - these are an absolute must, probably my favorite item on the menu! They come with salmon roe on top too.

carne asada - my first time ordering this. we saw it on the table next to us and it was absolutely as good as it looked. cooked medium rare on top of peppers

chicken fritters - also our first time trying this. it's not something I would normally order, but we saw our waitress walking through the restaurant carrying a shoe! We asked her what we had to order to have our food served in a shoe, and the chicken fritters it was. They were good, but not stand-out.

mussels - I'm not generally a huge mussels fan, but I love these! Served on ice in the shell with an awesome marinade on top

sliders - delicious! definitely order the iberico ham on top, and I suggest asking them to leave the aioli off

ham and manchego grilled cheese - self-explanatorily awesome

cheese course - I can't remember the types of cheeses we ordered (the top three on the menu) and all of them were fantastic. they don't serve the cheese with bread or crackers, but they'll bring you bread if you ask! or you can order the bruschetta which is delicious as well

Unfortunately, they had removed the pork and foie gras canelones from the menu, but we were told it's a seasonal item and will be coming back! :)

I wish I remembered our servers name because she was really nice and attentive, without being obnoxious about it. When my sister wasn't sure which drink to start with, she let her sample a few wines and then brought her a cocktail with Bramble in the name. (I cannot recommend that drink enough - it tastes like berries and cucumber!) For the four of us, our bill came to about 650, but a lot of that was alcohol. I would guess the food portion was about half of that. We will definitely keep coming back!!
Just perusing some of the reviews, I sometimes find it hilariously amusing at what people say they are upset about.  "I can't find it....too confusing....."  Really?  Good grief.

Jaleo was very good.  In fact, borderline excellent minus one total miss on a dish.  If you don't know, or are challenged like a few reviewers who "couldn't find it", it is in the Cosmopolitan, if I remember right, on the 3rd floor.  We took the very brilliant route of "reading the sign" that said what floor it was on and took the escalator up.  

The space is beautiful, as most new restaurants in the newer hotels are.  Our server was sleepwalking a bit, but the food made up for it.  

The salmon crudo and roe in a "cone" was a real showstopper.  Just delicious, and what we started off with (though we ordered 2 more).  We proceeded with some dry-cured Chorizo which was also really delicious.  The "bikini de jamon" were very tasty (little pressed sandwiches) as well as the chicken fritters which literally melted in your mouth.  The meal was really on fire until we hit the paella, which is supposed to be their specialty.  You basically take whichever one they are serving at the time, and ours was chicken and rabbit.  The bottom line is that the meat was severely overcooked.  If it had not been for the amazing dishes before, that would have been a catastrophe, but taken overall, the meal was still great.  

We had a monster caraffe of Sangria which was solid, but that is not what you should order.  You order your drinks from an iPad they give you, and the first one you see is "the world's best" gin and tonic.  The server played it up, so we thought what the hell.  We ended up trying all 3 and they were absolutely outstanding.  Really delicious stuff and a must try!

Overall, very solid.  Ignore the nonsensical reviews talking about "small portions" and outrageous prices.  I've said this in other reviews, if you walk into a Vegas restaurant in a newer Hotel looking for a bargain, you are just a little out of your comfort zone (how was that for PC??).  They are all stupidly expensive, and in any major city you can have as good or better for less, but this is Vegas.  So either expect it or save it from your dumb review.  

*Steps off soap-box*
This is one of our most favorite restaurants in Vegas.  The food is pricey but worth it because its so tasty.  The jamon iberico is delicious, and the croquettas are melt-in-your-mouth good.  The pork steak "secreto" is one of the best things I have ever had! Sangria is also very good.  I took a star off because their patatas bravas are more like chips... too much of a deviation from the original.  

I loved the service here too.  Our server, Spencer, was excellent. Not only was he very attentive, but he surprised my husband and I when he remembered us from our last visit which was over 8 months ago!  We definitely plan on coming to Jaleo every time we are in town.
Food was great, service was excellent... would totally go back.
I had a great dinner here while travelling for work. Service was very good. My waitress was attentive without being a stalker and she answered questions well. 

The food...wow. Excellent combinations of flavors that really work well together - I had the brussels sprouts salad with apricots, apples, green grapes and Iberian ham. Great mix of earthy, sweet, and salty while letting each ingredient shine. 

I also had the chorizo...very nice. Workerd well with the potato puree and hint of thyme. Loved the extensive Spanish wine menu as well.

If you can, sit by one of the stations where you can watch staff prepare food. The meticulous attention to detail fascinated me. Tweezers to select fennel fronds or cilantro leaves for garnish. For real. 

Can't wait to come back to try some of the other things on the menu.
Great establishment. Nice atmosphere. Trendy. Depending on where you sit, you can have a great people watching opportunity.

The quail with apple puree was excellent as was the olive oil ice cream. Our waiter suggested a dish that was a flower petal with a clementine and almonds on it that also was exceptional, but I'm not sure what the name of it was. The Citrico cocktail is perfect for a hot Vegas day - the gun carries the grapefruit & mint flavors very nicely.

Definitely allow for a nice long leisurely dinner so that you can enjoy your meal the way small plates were intended. We ate 6 plates for 2 people.
My friends treated me to a special dinner while we were in Vegas. I know what happens in Vegas is supposed to stay in Vegas, but... tell that to the 5 lbs I gained in 4 days. The new pounds certainly didn't stay in Vegas.

We feasted on:
1) squid ink pasta (more like vermicelli) with lobsters. The lobster was tasty, but it's the squid ink pasta that stole the show. I would've licked the pan clean if I hadn't been in public.

2) panne con tomate with anchovies. You don't like anchovies, you say? Are you scrinching your nose at the thought of anchovies? These are not the anchovies that come in a can. These are fresh, slightly salty, and give a nice depth of flavor to the traditional tomato toast.

3) Salad: fennel, walnuts, apple, and manchego cheese. A great start to our dinner. Would be good between the plates too, b/c it was kind of a palate cleanser. 

4) cheese plate: we got 1 creamy and 2 hard cheeses. I don't remember the names, but the creamy served with the fig raisin toast was by far the best one. you have to eat these cheeses with the paired garnish.

5) Paella: GET SOME. You don't come to a place with the only fire paella pit stand in the US and not get the paella. This is what you smell when you walk by this restaurant and why you came. You should come with a larger group so you can order a few paellas. Ours was a mushroom, roasted suckling pig paella. Mushrooms and pork were great, but again, I just wanted to eat the tender yet crunchy rice.

6) Dessert: My taste buds were done by this point; they had been overwhelmed by the above offerings. Or maybe the flan, served with creme fraiche and lemon sorbet, was too delicate to stand out after all the rich flavors that came before. (don't get me wrong. that plate was demolished).
So I'm a little obssessed with Jose Andres...I think he's a genius, and I know he cannot disappoint.  My favorite restaurant is probably the Bazaar in Beverly Hills, so I had pretty high expectations for Jaleo.

Went with my husband and a good friend...we shared a handful of dishes:  the Jamon Serrano w/ Pan de Cristal, Serena Cheese/Quince Cones, Croquetas de Pollo (in a Camper shoe!), Datiles con Tocino, Chistorra en Patata Frita, Coliflor con Olivas, Carne Asada con Piquillos.  We also got the Jaleo Gin & Tonic and Dark and Stormy to drink.  And for dessert: Olive Oil Ice Cream w/ Grapefruit 3 ways, and the Chocolate Cake w/ Hazelnut Praline Ice Cream.

Everything was very good.  Not roll your eyes to the back of your head good...but yummy.  It's more of a traditional selection of tapas with not-so-exotic ingredients.   He plays around with textures and techniques beautifully...and executes it all...but again, nothing exotic and OMG!!  I was disappointed to hear that they no longer serve their Foie Gras Cannelloni...maybe they just didn't have it that night.  But I have a feeling that would've been the "wow" dish :)  I really enjoyed the drinks...SO good.  As far as food...everything was tasty, but I probably most loved the textures/flavor profiles of the cheese/quince cones and the olive oil ice cream.

The restaurant itself has a very lively ambiance...once it gets packed, it can get pretty loud. So not a very romantic ambiance, but a fun setting.  

Looking forward to saving up to try é :)
I love Spanish Tapas, so this review might be biased.

We were half full when we walked into the restaurant, but decided that we still have to try it because of my love for Paella. 

There are 4 types of paella on the menu, but they only cook one every day, their "daily special". The one available on the day we went was the chicken and rabbit paella with green beans. Well, the chicken was a little too dry, but the rice was yummy and cooked well. The dish was executed well, but lets just say that it would have been my last choice order based on personal preference.

We also ordered the salmon tartare with salmon roe cone which was rather interesting to eat. One cone is definitely not enough, even for tapas sized servings :)

They had a special dish that day which was a slow roasted pork. We ordered that and it surely did not disappoint. The skin was nice and crisp, and the pork tender but not oily. It worked very well with the sauce too.

I have a weakness for Spanish flan, and their flan was easily the best I've ever had. Gosh, I'm salivating as I'm typing this.

I wish we had more stomach space to try more items on the menu. Definitely want to come back here again and hopefully try a different paella.
So, so glad my husband and I stopped into Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan for drinks before dinner (at another restaurant) on Sunday, June 23.  We loved Oyamel in D.C., so this was a treat.  The place is beautiful, and there were some insanely great smelling paellas cooking in the large, open fire pit in the middle of the restaurant.  Everyone we met was lovely to us - which doesn't always happen in Vegas.  We had drinks and great conversation with Johnny at the bar (ask for him!  you won't be disappointed)  He explained the flash freezing to make dark rum ice cubes and some of the other interesting things they do at Jaleo, answered all of our questions, was utterly charming, PLUS! we even got to try a taste of the rabbit and chicken paella (WOW).  The only regret is I wish we'd stayed for dinner after!
This was in our hotel (Cosmopolitan) Very "open" atmosphere, great for people watching. Loved the open kitchen setup so you could watch them cooking (in a very non-traditional way??) I don't eat pork or seafood, so there were very few things on the menu I could order. My friend had the bacon wrapped figs (which she said were delicious!) and I had the chicken in garlic sauce (very good!!) Now keep in mind, these are tapa style, so you're paying $15-$20 for a VERY small plate (mine was nothing but chicken, maybe 5 little slices??) great if you have a large party and everyone is sharing, but not good if you're on a date and want to order a "meal". Wish they had more chicken or beef on the menu, but I would come back again.
4 stars for their food... otherwise it'd be 2 for service.

Came here with a large group and were seated "outside" (but not really outside).  We ordered many apps to share, such as the fritters served in a shoe (yup), warm endive with goat cheese and pine nuts (something like that... maybe I'm just making it up), warm brussel sprout salad, salmon carpaccio (yum), fried egg topped with caviar (boring, actually, and there was too much egg to caviar ratio that the caviar got lost), and my favorite... the uni toast... omg!  Smokey flavor galore.  Make sure you order that!

Now for service: I asked him for his preference between the salmon carpaccio and the salmon/ikura tartare cones.  He salad he preferred the tartare, but I still went with the carpaccio.  He then proceeds to argue with me saying that the carpaccio vinaigrette overpowers the salmon.  Even after I told him I appreciated his suggestion, he kept going and going and going, almost offended that I went with the opposite.  Chill out, you're not the one eating it.  And guess what, the vinaigrette was not overpowering at all, in my opinion.
Jose Andres is probably known best for his whimsical, molecular gastronomy creations at The Bazaar (including Saam Room) and Minibar, but he does cook a lot of more traditional fare as well - Jaleo is his version of the Spanish tapas restaurant of his homeland.

The menu is vast, covering over 75 items across meat and cheese plates, land, sea, fried items and paella. Paella are made in a separate paella pit within the main dining room, allowing all diners to watch an impressive display while the paellas cook. Apparently the ventilation system alone cost $1 million, preventing all of the smoke from suffocating diners. Clearly, paella is serious business.

I've dined at restauarant-within-the-restaurant é by Jose Andres and left impressed. This would be my first visit to Jaleo proper.


Butifarra Casera Esparracada homemade pork sausage stew with mushrooms and pearl onions
Carne Asada Con Piquillos 'julián De Lodosa' grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit
Chorizo Casero Con Puré De Patatas Al Aceite De Oliva homemade traditional chorizo with olive oil mashed potatoes and cider sauce
Setas Al Ajillo Con La Serena sautéed wild mushrooms with la serena potato purée
Tortilla De Patatas Clásica spanish omelet with potatoes and onions
Coliflor Con Olivas Y Frutos Secos sautéed cauliflower with dates and olives
Croquetas De Pollo traditional chicken fritters
Costillas De Cordero Con Romesco grilled lamb ribs with romesco sauce and green onions
Empanadillas De Brandada De Bacalao 'empanada' of cod brandade with honey
Arroz Con Costillas De Cerdo Ibérico De Bellota made with the ribs of the famous, black-footed ibérico de bellota pig
José's Tuna Salad a salad of preserved tuna, mayonnaise, shallots and hard boiled eggs on flauta bread
Flauta bread brushed with fresh tomato, extra virgin olive oil and Jamón Ibérico
Gambas Al Ajillo the very, very famous tapa of shrimp sautéed with garlic
Vieiras Con Salsa De Romesco seared scallops with romesco sauce

My favorite dish had to be the lamb ribs, imbued with a nice smoky flavor. Tender and kind of fatty, these went down easily with the subtle heat of the romesco. Another favorite was the chicken fritters served in a shoe (fun yet awkward). Crispy on the outside and hot and fluffy on the inside, these had a delicious chicken and potato flavor to them. The skirt steak carne asada was another popular item at the table, with the tender piece of steak complemented well by sweet piquillo peppers. The paella had a bunch of very crispy bits from the pan (slightly controversial among the family), but I liked the texture and depth of flavor it brought to the dish. Overall I liked the paella, but I wanted more meat - the few pieces we had were on the bony side.

Less successful was the flauta with jamon iberico. The bread was very chewy (felt kind of stale) and the prized ham got lost in the mix. The Spanish omelette was another I wouldn't order again; the egg-potato-onion mix was a little bland and boring.

We shared a couple of desserts to complete the meal.

Flan Al Estilo Tradicional De Mamá Marisa Con Espuma De Crema Catalana a classic spanish flan with 'espuma' of catalan cream and oranges
Pastel De Chocolate Y Avellanas chocolate cake with hazelnut praline ice cream and salted caramel sauce

Both desserts were simple and satisfying. The very light flan, scented with vanilla bean, was my favorite and an appropriate end to the Spanish meal. Chocolate lovers wouldn't be disappointed by the chocolate cake, however.

I found the meal at Jaleo to be good. Nothing stood out as extraordinary, but the restaurant offered a good to way sample a bunch of different Spanish flavors. I'm not sure I'd return for a full meal, but it's a great place for a few drinks/bites before heading to the club (Marquee) or a show.
When I saw that Vegas had a Jaleo, I jumped out of my seat, grabbed my phone and made an OpenTable reservation to eat here during my stay. 

I learned about Jaleo through my fellow foodie co-workers two years ago in D.C. and had my palate blown away during our meal. 

I got to relive the experience in Vegas this summer and I am happy to say everything was wonderful. The service matched our dining experience and I was reminded why I think Jose Andres is a food genius! The ropa vieja was out of this world!!! 

The flan was the perfect end. You know I'm coming back. Also, Jaleo has the best white sangria I've ever come across. It only comes in a super serving so make sure you bring a bunch of people along with you.
The food was delicious, of course. Not mind blowing, but good. We had the pan con tomate and manchego cheese, gambas al ajillo, croquetas de pollo, and asparagus in romesco sauce. We arrived on the early side, around 5:30, and the restaurant was quiet. We got great service, as you might expect for a not so busy time. The problem? It's just not a good value. They push $20 signature cocktails, which is outlandish, and I felt silly even succumbing to a $15 alternative, which was surprisingly weak. The croquetas de pollo, while delicious and well prepared for fried food, were gone in an instant and felt cheap, like they should half cost at least a few dollars less. Eating them out of a sneaker (yes really) didn't help make them feel expensive. We went into it knowing it would be a splurge (they recommend two or three of these tiny selections per person). And I enjoy fine dining as much as the next guy. But something about it had my brain saying no even as my mouth was saying yes, which put a damper on the whole experience. Call it tapas psychology. If you have the money to spend, well, God Bless America -- go for it. But those of us in the proletariat will be able to find great food in this town at a fairer price.
Very delicious. Gotta try the flan, melts in your mouth. Sangria was also very tasty.
Came here with a friend when we were visiting Las Vegas this past weekend. We flew in later on a Friday night because our flight as delayed- they were very flexible with our reservation, which was great.

Overall we enjoyed our meal- it was a great first stop in Vegas to get us warmed up. Service was fine, but could have been more attentive- I'd gladly have had more drinks if offered, and I had to ask him to change our plates after 3 or 4 courses. 
Items marked with a * are ones I would recommend! 

We had:
- Gin and Tonics (Original and the Citrus*)
- *Cheese selection: Pasamontes Manchego Con Manzanas Al Moscatel; Caña De Cabra Con Higos; Idiazábal Con Membrillo - We loved all of these. Could have eaten another platter. We also ordered extra bread with it, which was light, warm, and fresh.
- *Watermelon Salad : very fresh tasting, and the pistachios were a nice touch
- *Warm Brussels Sprouts Salad (without ham): was a pleasant surprise, the fruit paired so well with the sprouts
-*Patatas Bravas: these mini potatoes were amazing,  especially the sauces they come with... Yum!!!!!
-Salt Codfish: this one disappointed. It just tasted like 'fried'- I expected a battered piece of fish, but instead it was a ball of fish mushed up with some other stuff, breaded then fried. Neither of us liked this.
-Gambas Al Ajillo : apparently their most popular dish, but neither of us especially enjoyed it. It was just okay- we managed one shrimp each and left the rest. 
- Marinated Grilled Chicken: Nothing special. Sauce as almost like a sticky teriyaki. 
- *Carne Asada: this was yummy, not chewy at all and good flavor.  

I would definitely return- and next time would check out the Sangria pitchers and a paella! Fun place to eat, nice layout to the space, and feels refined without a stuffy feeling.
Jaleo is probably my favorite restaurant at the Cosmopolitan.  The design of the restaurant is fun, modern, upbeat.  The aroma of Paella fills the air and gets the stomach excited right as you walk in!  They offer some exclusive Cavas from Spain that are so crispy and satisfying.  I love Tapas and being able to have a lot of little plates give you the chance to sample a larger variety of dishes.  The stuffed piquillo peppers were outstanding !!  

My only complaint is some of the tables are way too close to each other, so if you are a party of two, it can feel like you're having dinner with the table next to you.
I thought that the menu was hard to understand what the dishes were exactly about because it was full on Spanish!

We got their Paella, which was the most recognizable word out of all the Spanish words on the menu.   They should have a English friendly menu since that is the dominant language in the States!

Their Paella tasted great after a pool party in the same place - Marquee!  We ordered up their freshly sliced up sausage.  It was fatty good!  They even showcase the whole, salted meat at the kitchen side as a display!

You can tell that this place is all about using fresh, whole ingredients and serving it in tapa, small sized!  Bring a good number of people so you can taste the variety that they offer!

Next up, was their tossed up spinach salad and then grilled steak on top of cooked bell peppers.  So-so for both.  We got their garlic chicken and that was alright too.  Pretty pricey, but you get what your pay for! 

Their signature dish that stood out the most - Gambas Al Ajillo!  Thank goodness we asked the waitress what to recommend!  Their cooked shrimp with the bomb, red sauce was simply amazing!  Don't waste a drip of that sauce!  Pour it over the Paella and it is surely a delight!

Service was good and the restaurant was modern and spacious!  The only thing I request for is a English menu, por favor!
My first visit to this place was underwhelming. Yet, I have heard many positives about this joint, so I decided to give it another go. Unfortunately, it was much of the same. I have not had a bad dish yet, but nothing has come close to being great. The atmosphere is the same boring chic style that you find all over the Strip now. (Is there one guy doing all of these restaurants? I really do not get the appeal. Maybe I am just not hip anymore.) I had very good service on both visits. For my money, I would do up Firefly, have a more comfortable experience, great tapas, and save some dough.
I can't decide whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  I guess I will round it up.

Jaleo is the place my boyfriend took me for our anniversary.  We came here on 7/25 for dinner.

PAN DE CRISTAL CON PASAMONTES MANCHEGO $12
Delicious.  Really authentic light and crispy toast with a fresh tomato paste and a slice of thin manchego cheese.  Just wish we could have gotten more for the price.

CROQUETAS DE POLLO $12
My favorite.  Delicious croquetas with chicken.  They even came in a little shoe.  Strange, but definitely interesting.  Only 5 in an order.

CALAMARES A LA ROMANA $12
Eeek.  Well this popped my food-sending-back cherry.  As a server, I have never sent back food.  But even my boyfriend couldn't eat this and we both love calamari.  It was extremely chewy/rubbery which means it was overcooked.

BUNUELOS DE BACALAO $14
Yum!! I couldn't get enough of this.  I didn't really know what to expect when ordering this so I was surprised when it came out.  It is like little fried balls of creamy codfish.  The honey aioli was so good.  Very rich flavor.

PAPAS ARRUGAS $8
How can you go wrong with potatoes? Yum.

CARNE ASADA CON PIQUILLOS JULIAN DE LODOSA $18
So good.  Cooked perfectly.

MINI PEPITO DE IBERICO $8
I thought my boyfriend was going to die happily once he bit into this.  His favorite part of the meal.

We also ordered a sangria ($12) and a cocktail ($16).  I'm going against the odds and saying I did not like the sangria.  I felt like I was back in high school and had to plug my nose, down this, and then chase it with my water.  I don't remember which cocktail my boyfriend ordered, but when it came out I was very confused.  It literally looked like a SHOT.  Not a cocktail, but a shot.  There must have been 2-4 oz at MOST.  

The service was okay.  We had a really hard time finding our server to tell her about the calamari/get our check.  She took it off our bill without a problem, which we appreciated.

So all in all: I would come back.  But maybe on a half full stomach.  The portions are way smaller than tapas.  Some are bite sized.  And it is extremely overpriced.  Our bill was $120ish and we were still hungry.  Not a good feeling to pay this much and leave hungry.  We were highly considering going to get a slice of pizza at Secret Pizza but had a show to go to. (Which we wouldn't have been late to if it didn't take our server 15 minutes to drop the check). BUT the food was very good.
Staying all week at the lovely Cosmopolitan Hotel and had a couple of really good meals (pool grille and China Poblano Chinese and Mexican place) before we gave what looked like an interesting menu a try at Jaleo. 
Felt utterly exploited at Jaleo. Overpriced plates for very mixed results, drink prices ($20) that would make a hip Manhattan bar sit up and take notice (for nothing special, I might add). 
We're getting reimbursed and I still felt jerked around and exploited. There are many better options within and nearby the hotel. Exercise those options! One bright light was the decor. That and an eggplant and pepper salad that we paid a ton for for two bites each but was very tasty.
I'd give the food 3 stars, but I'm deducting a star for the value (weighing price against quality and quantity) and for an issue with the bill. 

I came here with a group of 13 girls, and we were required to eat from a $75 per person set menu.  Here's what we were served:
* Endives with goat cheese, oranges, almonds 
* Toasted bread brushed with diced tomato
* Jamon 
* Gazpacho shooters 
* Roasted red peppers and eggplant
* Chicken croquetas 
* Shrimp sauteed with garlic
* Warm Brussels sprouts salad with jamon, apricots, apple
* Baby potatoes with mojo verde and mojo rojo
* Grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit
* Sauteed spinach, pine nuts, raisins, apples
* Paella with seasonal vegetables
* Spanish flan with orange sorbet and Catalan cream

This might look like a lot of food, but the first 6 items were actually only a bite or two per person. With the exception of the enormous paella (cooked in a pan wider than our table and brought to the table for pictures before it was divvied up), the portions were all fairly small. Several of us were still very hungry at the end of the meal. 

The endives, gazpacho, and skirt steak were my favorites. I did not like the use of sweet fruit in the Brussels sprouts and spinach. I love paella, and I was not happy with the paella, which tasted smoky and burnt but was not very flavorful otherwise. The croquetas were a bit too salty and were brought to the table in paper cones stuck into black tennis shoes. Nobody explained the significance of the shoe to us, and it felt random to everyone and gross to some. 

The meal came out to about $104 each (including sangria, tax, and tip), which felt expensive for what we got. I guess you have to factor in the normal Vegas premium and the large group premium.

On top of that, we got slightly jipped by Jaleo. The original reservation was for 15 people. One girl didn't make it to Vegas, and the other felt sick and skipped dinner. Jaleo still charged us for all 15 people, even though the servers had confirmed the reduced party size with us. Bad customer service!
There is overpriced. Then there are places like Ruth's Chris. Then there is Jaleo, which is in a category by itself.

I realize that Vegas is not cheap. But $2.50 for a slice of bread, a $14 appetizer which had exactly 8 anchovy stuffed olives, or a $49 pitcher of sangria that filled 4.5 small glasses is excessive. 

Everything put on the table was tasty but amazingly small. Waitstaff had a distant attitude. No normal person could possibly have be filled by less than 5-7 of the $10-$15 tapas.

Do not go here on an empty stomach or without cash or you might have to go down to the Pawn Stars shop to pawn your watch to pay your tab at Jaleo.
Not really worth the price to be honest. It's only so expensive because of the prime location.

Food was okay. Nothing is very outstanding in my opinion.
Amazing food, electric ambiance, and the best service I have had at a restaurant. 

Let me just say Syvanna our waitress is an amazing person, she gave us a great experience. She was attentive and went the extra mile.

The food was incredible! 
The Pan De Cristal Pasamontes Manchengo left my mouth watering. Fresh tomato paste spread over toast we manchengo so simple and soo good.

Endivias Con Queso De Cabra Y Naranjas 
We found it so fresh and crisp. 


Chistorra Envuelta En Patata Frita
 The right amount of spice in the Chorizo and with a light crisp of the potato was texturally pleasing. 


Gambas Al Ajillo
Good, but not the favorite.

Paella Valenciana 'rafael Vidal'
The rabbit the Paella was perfect. 


Pan Con Chocolate
The brioche ice cream was to die for. Great way to finish off a meal.

Corkage fee on $25 very reasonable!

I thought the prices were on point for Jose Andres creations.
WOW, tapas at their best.

So hard to pick from all of the great items.

Corkage fee was only $25 here, I was shocked. All of the items were around $12 and smaller plates. We had the Rabbit Paella which was delicious and a bunch of others.

Most notably was the chorizo, the endives, and the Gambillos Al Ajillo. It is really a causal atmosphere which I liked as well. It is not a high end stuffy restaurant. The kitchen is open to everyone and they had a ton of seating.

I lived in Barcelona for a couple months and these dishes were true to Spanish Culture. I will definitely be back. Did I mention the Service was amazing as well?

My absolute favorite dish was probably the simplest. The manchengo cheese with tomato on bread. WOW
OK.  Just OK.

We wanted more from this restaurant, seeing as it's a Jose Andres restaurant, and it's nicely decorated and had an interesting menu.

We made dinner reservations here on a busy Saturday night to celebrate our 30th birthday.  We arrived and were seated promptly.

It was easy to tell the place is loud -- it's open air on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan -- and our waiter was friendly enough.  But, really, the food was just MEH.  And, not even presented all that interestingly, either.  Although tapas-sized portions, they felt like just smaller versions of mediocre food, sadly enough.

What we had:

Short rib Paella - one of the best dishes of the night, but not nearly as good as other paella I've had in LA

Chicken fritters - OK.

Carne Asada - Great.  But, $22?????

Pollo a la parilla - OK.  Not mind blowing.

Tortilla de patatas - tasted better than it looked ... but how about a side of fresh tomato to counterpart how dry this dish is?

Pan De Cristal con Jamon Serrano - quite good to start off the night

Four people with some drinks came to about $200 before tip.  Not bad, but I wouldn't say the food was even worth half that.

We walked right next door to Secret Pizza and had our fill for under $20.  I do love and appreciate fine dining, but Jaleo would not be a choice ever again, sorry.
Cannot stand people that complain about the price of a restaurant. What they fail to see is the amount time and technicality it took to execute some of these plates. If you can't afford to splurge do yourself a favor and eat at the goldn nugget, I hear they have an all you can eat dinner buffet. Seriously people......
Absolutely incredible. Very nice server and felt welcome with kids. Food is outstanding.
We had dinner here tonight, but it wasn't anything to write home about. The service was good, but the food was just okay. The menu is quite large, so thats a plus. Of the things we ordered, my favorite was dessert which was the Pan o Chocolate, the olive oil that's drizzled on it gives it a distinctive flavor. We also had the salmon cones, garlic shrimp, cheese stuffed peppers, and the bacon wrapped dates. The bacon wrapped dates were oilier than I would have liked and also on the salty side.
Jaleo suffers from what seemingly all Tapas places in the US suffer from. The whole idea of tapas is to try small portions of a number of different types of food at lower prices. Jaleo provides smaller portions but doesn't have as wide a variety of food as one would hope for and definitely doesn't have the lower prices. 

Jaleo then suffers from another problem - they fry just about every dish. Spanish food is not necessarily heavy or populated by fried items, but Jaleo's menu is just loaded up with fried options when it simply doesn't need to be. Even the datillos con tocino (dates with bacon - an absolute tapas staple) is fried. i've never seen that, why ruin the dish by frying it?

Because of that maybe the best dish we had was the sliced apple and fennel salad - it was just so fresh and such a welcome, refreshing change. The other dish that was very good was the skirt steak with piquillo peppers - another common Tapas dish - that was done well. I love skirt steak so that helps as well since the steak was cooked well. 

So, yes, I've experienced better.
Went here with a few coworkers.  The food was fair but very small portions.  The atmosphere was fun and social but if you are looking for a full meal for a reasonable price do not go to Jaleo.

The food was not very good either.  We got the Lobster Paella and it was extremely oily and seasoned poorly.
I tried too many things to list, but overall I'm shocked it doesn't have better reviews.  Almost everything I had was very good to great.  My theory is that people who don't usually do much fine dining plan to come here as their special meal in Vegas and are disappointed by how much it costs.  I think the food is overall impressive, and right on par with comparable restaurants in the Area.
Finally made it to Jaleo.... after all this time.  
Sad to say that I was very disappointed. 

The restaurant had a great vibe.  It was promising.. then our waiter came.
Because I've looked this restaurant up on Yelp.. there was one particular item that I really wanted to get.. so I pulled it up on my phone and showed our waiter.
He seemed.. bored first of all.  When I showed him what I wanted, he just kind of nodded and said the name of the dish and walked away.  I guess since we weren't ready....

We finally placed our order - about 5 tapas.
I don't recall other than the Salmon Roe Cone and the Chicken Fritter thing that was pretty good and was served in a shoe... no clue why.

Here's what I remembered from my non-eventful dinner..
1. Shrimp in Gambas  - ehhh kind of rubberty
2. The fried stuff - Good but nothing that I couldn't get at any mediocre restaurant
3. Service - Waitier was not engaged.  Told me at the end of the meal if I didn't like my anchovy dish I should have told him in the beginning... well... I'm sure he noticed that the dish was barely touched when he dropped off the other tapas.  But I do give him props for taking it off my bill.  

Sooooooo all in all.. I should have stuck with my fav.. Julian Serrano.
Jaleo... Not worth it.

PS.. I left "hollow" but didn't want to try any more of the food since every single one was just kind of eh!
We had dinner here on a Saturday evening. The restaurant was packed. I muist say that the drinks were outstanding and the food was very competent. Over and above this was a feeling of joy and happiness throughout the restaurant. We literally had a ball dining here and left happy. If you want to have great food and a wonderful time, this is the place to go!!!!!!
Very impressed with this place, our server was amazing. The tapas were incredible and loved the sangria!!!
This place is great!!!!! Love love love it. Everything was amazing. The only thing we didn't care for was the tomato spread on the bread. Scrapped some of the tomato off and it was great. Mussels, apple salad, Spanish cheeses. Amazing. We went twice. I'd come back every time.
Pretty good, really small portions but i guess thats the point. The champagne was good, served in this glass with fresh fruit. 
I came with a group of fifteen girls so thats probably why the portions turned out so small. Everything was pretty good and uniquely served (one dish was served in a shoe!).
Overpriced so probably wouldnt come back.
For those complaining about portion size, that's what the carafe of sangria is for. Keep drinking until you don't realize you've paid $12 for two slices of blue cheese (that you realize was worth it before the buzz kicks in). 

The ambiance is a very relaxed atmosphere, with the staff welcoming to the trendiest of clientele as well as to the fanny-pack-toting tourists. There are 3 kitchens, including one huge wood fired stove for the paella (which is absolutely divine, worth the 45 minute wait). If you're not sure what to get, the staff asks you about your tastes to give you solid recommendations.

Here's what we had with our sangria:
- watermelon salad (trust, you'll never look at watermelon the same)
- the blue cheese, pear and raisin plate
- the lomo (which was so good we had it twice)
- the garlic shrimp (also had a second round, and dipped just about everything else we ordered in the sauce)
- embutido (by itself)
- embutido (on bread with cheese - a nicely salted pork pizza)
- the paella with ribs (they only make two types a night but you can order one of the others if you're okay with ordering a huge pan for your table)
- chicken fritters which looks like coquettes but tastes like chicken pot pie, served in a shoe (yes, that says shoe - it's the chef's homage to a famous athlete)
- flan (super good, I'd come back just for this)
- chocolate mousse 

Everything we had was incredibly well seasoned, with no one taste overcoming the other flavors. Yes, the portions are tiny, but it invites you to try multiple dishes with your dinner companions (and to have more sangria - go with the red over the sparkling).

So why does this review get only 4 stars?? Our Campers shoe was only a loafer. They brought someone else's chicken fritters in a cool looking high top. Totally got gypped! (I'll probably change it to 5 stars when I sober up; thank God for auto correct)

Hats off to the amazing staff and chefs at Jaleo!!! #moresangriaplease
Love this place! Whenever I go to Vegas I make it a point to come to Jaleo. Great cocktails and great food. Love the watermelon vodka cocktail. Also, not on the menu but they make the best espresso martini. Not sure why this place got bad reviews. Everytime I come here the food is excellent and the service is great. Tapas style food with good portion sizes. Delicious veggies, cheese and meat. yum! Worth the money.
My wife and I were in Vegas for a few days and we always wanted to try José Andrés' restaurant. We lived in Spain for 5 years, so it was a nice way to go back to those amazing flavors.

Well I have to admit that the experience has been so disappointing!

At first we were very enthusiastic because the place has a really great vibe but the waiter ruined the whole experience.
I am not talking about the waiter who seated us, brought the menus and took the order who was actually very nice but the waiter who served us.

We were sitting in the main area where there is a colorful couch surrounding one side of the room. The waiter poked my wife on the back to pass the plates from behind instead of coming to our table...he was so rude, bored...he didn't say a word (Enjoy the food for example ???...). If you don't like the job, just don't do it...

We were going to order more food but we decided to pass after the third plate was brought to us by the same guy and in the same way.

Food was not that great either...I really don't know what the amazing José Andrés chef would think about a raw tortilla or over fried calamari...

I know that "bad nights" happen...but there is nothing worse than wanting to try a restaurant for so long and be disappointed after all!

After this experience I will never go back...If you pay that much money (nearly 40 dollars for 3 TAPAS plates!!!), you expect much more.
It's another good looking restaurant at the Cosmo.  With lots of red, just lots of color in general, Jaleo gives you lots to look at with its high bar-like tables and chairs, open roasting pit and kitchen, and mosaic-like parts to the ceiling.

Given the incredible flavors, I find it very easy to overeat.  My selections are the Kumamotos with gin & tonic.  While good, perhaps a little too much liquor and not enough acidity.  The highlights for me are the warm spinach with pine nuts, raisins and apples, absolutely delicious and begging to be ordered again.  Then the exceptional mini burger using the ever so long roasting Iberico pig.  I only keep the bottom brioche, too much bread and gets in the way of those exceptional flavors.  The marinated lamb loin does not disappoint, the spices and flavors stay with me long after the meal is over.

There's a good list of Spanish (and I'm guessing Portuguese) fortified, beers, wines and cavas.  My server is very helpful with the menu, recommendations and making sure I got what I wanted.  I look forward to trying more of their offers.
I honestly just hate this place, been here for 2 birthdays and hated it both times.

The food tastes mediocre and  the staff is just rude.
We dined at Jaleo for my husband's birthday a few days ago. the first test was the wine list - being from Sonoma, the Spanish names were not familiar.  Our waitress, Kristen, was extremely helpful and suggested a great Tempranillo.  We chose several tapas plates to share, and all were so flavorful.  My favorite was the roasted cauliflower with olives and dates - a dreamy mix of savory and sweet.   Second favorite was the Espinaca - a lightly sauteed spinach dish with raisins.  We finished the meal with a beautiful flan, accompanied by a citrus (mandarin?) sorbet.  The only critique would be the noise factor - as it is a very lively and busy restaurant.  Highly recommend this place and would love to go back!
Lame.  Totally Lame.

My wife and I were very excited to try something different than the usual sushi or steak restaurants on the strip.  We love tapas and have some great options in Boston where we live.  We couldn't wait to try another take on Spanish tapas.

Located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan, Jaleo is very cutely decorated and lively.  Our server was pretty rushed the whole evening and was not very attentive.  

Unfortunately, the tapas are a real let-down.  We started with the lomo iberico (type of ham) and a selection of Spanish cheese.  Very small pieces and not served with bread.  We had to ask and pay for bread separately.  Who serves ham and cheese without bread.  In all the times we have had tapas, this had never happened.  Next we got the dates wrapped in bacon.  Incredibly salty.  Almost inedible.  The sauteed cauliflower was very good and the lone high point of the meal.  The mini pork burgers were pretty good but quite greasy.  The lamb skewer was so lemony it was hard to eat.  Finally the sauteed mushrooms were pretty good but a bit undercooked.  Like other reviewers have noted, the portions are small.  You could very well leave hungry like we did.  We ordered 7 tapas for 2 people!

We did not try dessert because nothing about the meal thus far had suggested the desserts were going to be any better.

Try someplace else.  You'd have to be pretty desperate for tapas to eat here.
Drinks and tapas at the bar before heading out. We enjoyed the Sangre y Fuego a version of Sangria with vermouth and our other drinks were Corsage and Tierra Gin & Tonic. All very well made. For appetizers we had the Torta Pascualate con membrillo higos y pan de cristal the mix of cheese with Quince paste and fig jam was spectacular. we added jamon iberico as well. We also enjoyed the Calamares a la Romana and the Bunuelos de bacalao. THe Salmon Crudo con vinagreal de Anchovas was great.
The menu looked delicious but the taste was just OK.  All the iberico stuff tasted well like regular pork.  I have had iberico in Spain and the taste of their iberico was out of this world.
We just spent the weekend in LV celebrating a friends 40th. I read the reviews on Jaleo ahead of time and thought, "oh, it can't be that bad..." Well, it is. 

First, do not go with more than 2, maybe 4, people in your group. This should be considered a mediocre date place. This is not a big group place at all. Don't think "oh, but it's tapas and we'll order multiple dishes"...The dishes came out one by one, not double for each side of the table. The portions are much smaller than the average tapas restaurant. I've been all over Spain and you know what? They serve larger portions. 

Our waitress was pissy, rude and we had to practically BEG for a 2 round of drinks. There were 14 of us and we said "double everything". She brought out each round one at a time to the whole table. Awful. 

Drinks sucked. I had 3 cocktails -- mostly soda and mixers. The ensalada russa was mayonaise. Nothing like the ensalada russa I'm used too (I grew up on this stuff). Everything was fried. The octopus was disgusting -- gooey and chewy with little flavor. The cheese platter had 2 slices of cheese per type and they were teeny tiny. 

There are so many other restaurants in LV. Do not waste your time or money. Seriously.
I've had this place bookmarked for some time now. Then two ladies we were talking to in the airport told us they went there and how good it was so that reeled the hubby in. We went on a Sunday and sat at the bar. Caio was our server and he was awesome! Very helpful. We ordered the anchovies which were on some Spanish bread, grilled lamb, bacon wrapped dates, a tiny plate of paella to sample, the roast pig and my absolute favorite the egg and cavier! Hands down the egg was my favorite! But I do have a mad love for eggs, the lamb had the best flavor and the anchovies were definitely something I would order again. Wasn't too crazy about the dates, they were mehhhh. The paella was super tasty but I'm hoping to try it with the chicken and rabbit next time. The hubby and I both loved this place, pricy but worth it.

I
Ole ole ole... Chef Jose Andres in Las Vegas's Cosmopolitan Hotel! Dining in Jaleo will transport you Madrid or Barcelona or Seville.. Most dishes are served tapas style which makes it easy to order a variety of flavors from vegetables, meats, seafood cheeses, jamon iberico to paellas. The atmosphere is energetic and encourages conversation while noshing on great food and wine. Our waitress, Mary, was attentive and knowledgeable with Spanish wines. She remembered us from previous visits earlier this year.  We ordered her recommendation which paired well with our white gazpacho, grilled asparagus, patatas bravas, boiled octopus, & noodle paella (fideua).  No, we're not vegetarians, although, Jaleo's tapas could "covert" us. We broke down and ordered the jamon iberico... Expensive but pure pork goodness! 

Jaleo was a great stop for us en route to our hotel after a day to evening of gambling. What a break of tasty "sustainment"!
During this visit we enjoyed the lunch fixed menu...house salad, gazpacho, and mushroom and chicken paella.   Gazpacho was fresh, bright and flavorful while salad focused on simplicity and acid.  The paella was a suitable treat and we normally enjoy it adorned with multiple proteins, but this straight forward version left us wanting more.
Jaleo is a solid and positive dining experience. They have great drinks and a diverse menu that can satisfy a variety of eaters.

Chef Jose's tapas dishes are strong and excite the palate. We especially liked the ensalada Malaguan, the gambas, and the perfectly cooked scallops. The only minor disappointments were the patatas bravas which were a little too oily, and the skirt steak which was good but not as amazing or special as the other dishes.
I have to say this. I am a huge Jose Andres fan. He has to be my favorite chef.

Andres is Spanish. So you know he knows a thing or two about tapas. Lots of small plates here. Not as much of molecular gastronomy as some of his other restaurants. The selections of hams and cheese is outstanding. I LOVE the bacon wrapped stuffed dates. And so much other good stuff. 

Ive been a couple times. I am sure I will be back.
Some very solid tapas offerings like bacon wrapped fig and papas bravas.  Very chic setting.

But, for all the hype, nothing blew our socks off.  With all the premier restaurants in Vegas, I'll be trying others or returning to others (Robuchon's The Mansion, Julian Serrano) before returning here.
First and last time - this is much more about me not being the ideal customer for this establishment. The appetizer chorizo sausage they brought out served at room temperature/cold was "ok" at best. Definitely nothing exciting and not recommended. The tomato bread was also "ok" - toasted bread with some tomato spread. Overall this tasted like Bruschetta and was loaded with vinegar (tons of sodium). So moving on and at this point they are 0 for 2. Next up was the soup in the glass cup which again was nothing to brag about. 0 for 3 - then there was the salad swimming in the sherrie vinaigrette - 0 for 4. Then came their signature meal the paella - so this was also not impressive. In simple terms it was more like burnt rice with an oily base and chicken. 0 for 5. All this for two people @ $90. I have had better meals at Panera.
Spanische Tapas sind ja normalerweise einfache kleine Gerichte, die man in den Bars in Madrid, Sevilla oder wo auch immer in Spanien zum Bier, Wein oder Sherry serviert bekommt. 

Jaleo adaptiert dieses Konzept für die Gourmet Cuisine und das Ergebnis kann sich mehr als sehen lassen. Denn natürlich erfährt man hier tolle und auch ungewohnte Geschmackserlebnisse. Aber durch das Tapas-Konzept bestellt man nicht nur ein paar Gänge, sondern pro Person 4 bis 5 Tapas. Und da man alles problemlos teilen kann, kostet man an einem Abend 10 verschiedene wirklich tolle Gericht. 

Für alle, die Gourmetküche lieben, ist das perfekt. Wenn auch nicht unbedingt preiswert, aber für schnell und günstig ist das Jaleos auch der absolut falsche Laden.
We have eaten at Jaleo several times, however not in the past year.  The service seems to have gone just a bit downhill since our previous visit.  First, let me say the food was good, and I have no complaints at all on this.

The problem was, we first ordered a pitcher of Sangria.  Our server came back, and took some tapas orders, and virtually all of them came before our Sangria. Before the paella arrived for our final course, a few ordered diet Cokes, and they did not arrive until after we were done.  Most other drinks arrived in a timely manner, and the food came out very quick.

I will return, but will hope for a bit better service.   We have a wonderful night, and our whole party enjoyed the food, and the experience.
We came back here for some Spanish tapas, food was still very delicious, it just they don't have any fish, people don't eat fish in Spain? A lot of meat choices, very few Vegetarian / Vegan and Pescetarian plates, so I couldn't order as much as I wanted, the choices were limited. But the plates I ordered were very very good! 

We decided to do small plates only, didn't want any Paellas. Started off with that famous Jaleo gin & tonic again, so sweet and refreshing, loved that ice cube! Hubby had a margarita drink, strong and yummy, two salmon roe cones for us, I just love that cone! Salty with a lot of flavors in one cone, amazing! 

Sautéed cauliflower, with chopped olives and dates: salty and sweet in one plate, unique taste, very delicious, loved it! 

Seared scallops, with romesco sauce: very tender with strong flavors, we liked it a lot.

Shrimp sautéed with garlic: sooooo good! The garlic in it was amazing, shrimps were tender and delicious.

Garlic soup: it came so late, don't know why? But right at the moment when hubby needed some warm soup, he liked it. 

Skirt steak from the famous black-footed ibérico pigs of spain served with toasted tomato bread, mojo verde and alioli: the portion was huge, good for 2 or 3 people to share, too bad I couldn't eat it, hubby loved it! Juicy, tender, great with the sauces came with it! The bread with tomato spread was so delicious! 

I had a Grey Goose martini twist after gin & tonic, the food was so good, the portions were not even small, especially that skirt steak, hubby couldn't finish it, we had it boxed, didn't want to waste a $60 plate. The tab was $200 ish. 

I like this fun looking restaurant a lot, colorful and playful, great service, great drinks, casual and relaxing!
I was given 200 dollars by an overly drunk and frighteningly happy frat boy at a blackjack table at Harrah's at 6:00 in the morning.  I am not exactly sure how or why he gave me said money, but I remember trying to give it back and he consistently refused, eventually the dealer gave me a look that said "leave, before he starts losing and sobers up."  So I did.  But what to do with the money?  Well, 100 went into longer term savings, and 100 I decided to blow on a fancy dinner alone.  After wandering the strip looking for a worthy restaurant I stumbled in to Jaleo.
First things first.  Order a gin and tonic, they are amazing.  I was skeptical, given that it is a Tapas restaurant, but do yourself the favor and order one.  I also found myself drinking some wine that was good, but not mind blowing (like the G&T's).
The food is awesome, if you have not been to Spain before order a bunch of dishes from all over the place.  I always recommend paying for pork, and theirs is top notch, definitely the high quality stuff.  I like the Jamon Serrano, but find one that is in your price range and enjoy placing it in your mouth and letting it melt like butter.
Skip the Paella, it looks good and the fire is a neat little bit of flair but I wasn't impressed and found it to be the most overpriced item I ordered.  I can't really remember any of the other dishes I had, but everything else was good to great, with the Ham, and the Gin and Tonic being my stand out favorites and the Paella being good, but not on par with everything else.
I occasionally indulge myself in fancy restaurants and this place is high on my list in Las Vegas, I will certainly be returning.
I'm giving Jaleo three stars even though everything we ordered was quite tasty, due to their  extremely small portions and unreasonable cost I'm deducting two stars.  

Jaleo is located on the 3rd floor of the swanky Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The decor was very modern and sleek.  It's a nice place to dress up with your girlfriends and eat out.  Don't get me wrong, I don't mind shelling out top dollars for food but only if the food is worth it.  I understand that tapas are small plates but that doesn't mean you should provide us with toothpick size plates and charge us an arm and a leg.  We ordered the carne asada (grilled skirt steak) it was like 2 oz of meat and the charge was $18.00.  Um, maybe if it was waygu beef topped with some uni, okay that would be reasonable.  But a cheap cut like skirt steak for that small portion size is not worth the cost of $18.00.  We ordered a total of five dishes to share amongst three girls and we were still left hungry.  At that point, with our bill already up to $100 there was no point in ordering anything else as it would again just be sample size.  

I would have loved a place like this; however, the high cost of the meal left me wanting more.  Literally...
It literally pains me to give this place 3 stars...it's really 3.75 in my head. Jose andres restaurant in Beverly Hills is my favorite restaurant ever! I was excited to try another one of his restaurants, but this is nothing like the bazaar! The atmosphere is off... I feel like its almost too open I wish they would build a wall to have it more like a restaurant and less like a food court. We made reservations 4 days earlier, and they sit us by the bar??? We were certainly dressed appropriately but they sat us in high tables with uncomfortable chairs instead if the main dining area. Ugh whatever, moving on. The wine and beer list was good, but I had trouble finding a cocktail that interested me so I just drank wine.

We ordered a ton of dishes: salmon cones, lobster salad, chorizo wrapped in potato, bread topped with sea urchin, potatoes with mojo verde, Spanish omelet, rossajet( play on paella with seafood), another large chorizo dish with cider sauce. Whew! I think that about covers it. So the salmon cones are also available at the Beverley hills restaurant and are always a favorite! Soooo yummy if you like fish eggs go for this dish! Spanish omelet was awful...don't suggest trying that. The lobster salad was fresh and delicious, but they forgot this order and we didn't get it till the end of the meal...would have been nice at the beginning. All the other dishes were good, but nothing special. I love the concept and love the menu here so I might give it another try, I think it for sure has potential!!

Oh one other note we were here on thanksgiving night and the bartender was so freakin rude. A couple people were watching the football games and his was publicly  making fun of them...very unprofessional! The other staff seemed great, but this bartender was awful!
Perfection! Everything here is delicious! We have been here a couple times for drinks prior to dining at Jaleo. The first time we had complimentary drinks while waiting to be seated at É by José Andrés. 2nd time we had drinks before dinner at Holsteins. We finally decided to give the restaurant a try...& we are so glad we did! 

We ordered one of the bacon dishes, deep fried bacon wrapped dates, the Sunday special roast pig, garlic shrimp & the paella valenciana. Everything was on point! Oh & ordered the clara al porrón and a half carafe of the red sangria! The porrón was fun :) 

Definitely coming back to try more dishes!
Jaleo has a fun atmosphere and the food/drinks were great! I ordered the Jaleo Brambla and I'm convinced is the best cocktail I have ever ordered - Cinnamon infused vodka, pressed apple juice, orgeat, lemon, concord grape syrup. Try it, it won't disappoint! 

All of our food was excellent. We ordered Paella Valenciana (chicken, rabbit and green beans), Espinacas A La Catalana (sautéed spinach, pine nuts, raisins and apples), and Coliflor con Olivas y Frutos Secos (sautéed cauliflower with dates and olives).  All of our dishes were great and I highly recommend the paella!
It's Vegas...it's Cosmo so my expectation to spend money is high. However, we are a table of 4 - we are over $300 into our bill and are leaving hungry. I'm too hungry to continue this review and need to stop writing before the other three people at my table will steals food from my plate. Avoid if hungry.
Looking for something different, this is the place, positively!! Great waitstaff. Explained menu items without any hesitation. Try the Brazilian Tan for a cocktail, authentic, delicious! Tapas selection is diverse, and sometimes need explaining. 
Will be back.
Great tapas restaurant at the Cosmo!  This was my second time at a Jose Andres restaurant, the first being The Bazaar in LA, and have to say that it was a much better experience than the first.

We ordered:
- Jamn Ibrico Fermn: delicious, mild flavor
- Patatas Bravas: potatoes covered in aioli, they were just ok
- Croquetas de Pollo: delicious, a little creamy and they arrived in a shoe!
- Remolacha con Citricos: a refreshing beet salad
- Coliflor con Olivas y Frutos Secos: it was okay, strange that a cauliflower dish would come out last
- Espinacas A La Catalana: very nicely sautéed spinach
- Rossejat: interesting pasta paella, it seemed like small pieces of cut up lo mein
- Paella de Verduras de Temporada: delicious vegetable paella, I would highly recommend getting whichever paella they have that night
- Chorizo Casero con Pur de Patatas al Aceite de Oliva: I'm not a big fan of chorizo, but it was good and had a mild flavor
- Carne Asada con Piquillos Julin de Lodosa: delicious steak cooked perfectly
- Pan con Chocolate
- Flan al Estilo Tradicional de Mam Marisa con Espuma de Crema Catalana: my favorite of all the desserts
- Don't remember the name, but it was described as a french toast with apple, also delicious

Overall, the meal was very good - I can't say that either of my experiences at Jaleo or The Bazaar blew me away but between the two, Jaleo definitely takes the cake.  Our server was also very friendly and the atmosphere was light and not at all pretentious.
Four STARS because I LOVED their gin and tonics. If I were physically able, I would have tried all their drinks, the creativity displayed in their cocktails went above and beyond anything I've ever had anywhere in the world. The g and t was made with their own house made tonic water (yum) and had the coolest spherical ice cube, and was garnished with a kaffir lime leaf and juniper berries! Ok, the food was pretty good too, but nothing I haven't had before or anything I'd return to have again. The best thing I ate was the Iberico serrano ham - which can be had anywhere....so go for some drinks and a few snacks, but don't expect to be blown away by the food, it was just ok. Biggest pet peeve of the evening...I asked for some kind of hot sauce to accompany these potato finger tator tot-ish things that are served in a sneaker. (yes a sneaker) They promptly informed me that in Spain there is NO hot sauce lady. Ok...do you have anything? Maybe a pepper lying around? These potato things are BLAND BLAND BLAND....nope! No peppers in Spain. Whatever. I know that is NOT true. So strange...Like I said before, go have some drinks there, don't expect over the top deliciousness.
The main dish Paella tasted and looked like Chinese fried rice, the Paella at Wicked Spoon(Buffet) actually tasted better than here.
Great atmosphere, great service and the dishes are fun and well prepared. I usually never order risotto at restaurants because it's never any good but I was pleasantly surprised at every single dish here! Perfect place to dine with company.
I'll just start out by saying that I've been here several times, and while the food has always, always been spectacular, I had a bad experience on my last visit because of the service. But I have never seen a management team respond so enthusiastically to make things right.

They have earned my loyalty because they not only say they care about service, they really mean it. If you think a good restaurant or hotel never has any problems, you need to get out more. The true mark of a quality restaurant is how they deal with problems when they happen (because they always do).

Regarding the food, you'll be able to enjoy some traditional Spanish tapas, but there's always a creative twist that doesn't disappoint. Even something as straightforward as sliced ham is special when prepared properly. Bread with tomatoes - boring? Not at Jaleo! I recommend ordering the anchovies and eating those with the bread.

But by far, the tapa that gets the biggest reaction are the Croquetas De Pollo, which are served in a shoe. Look funny, but taste amazing.

PROS
- The gin and tonics really were the "best I've ever had." They were perfectly balanced cocktails - most people would have a hard time even tasting the gin.
- Virtually every dish on the menu is amazing - the patatas bravas, the gambas (shrimp), the jamon, the Croquetas De Pollo.

CONS
- Hard to get a reservation on most nights
- The menu can be intimidating - ask questions or get a tasting menu (see below)

TIPS
- Order the tasting menu. Don't worry about specific dishes - they'll bring out course after course of amazing food.
- If you drink beer, try the Estrella Damm - it's clean and crisp, like a Japanese beer but with more flavor.
- The location in the Cosmopolitan is perfect if you are going to have drinks in one of the hotel bars or go out for an evening at Marquee Nightclub.
- Fridays, Saturdays, and Mondays are the busiest nights (aside from special events or conferences).
Amazing beyond words. The flavor of the gin n tonic oysters blew my mind. Other highlights were the imberico sliders and the foi grais chorizo enchiladas. I need to go back and try more stuff
every time i come here it just keeps getting better and better! we never even consider going anywhere else when we come to vegas :)
Can I just say how much I love Jose' Andre's?? He is a genius. I have never had a bad experience at one of his restaurants. The atmosphere is fun and exciting, and it overlooks the central concourse of the Cosmopolitan, where all the shops are located. It has a fun open air feel, and you feel anything but claustrophobic.

The last time I was here, our waiter recommended the Rubentis Rose' from Spain, and we were a little hesitant because we generally don't drink Rose's. However, we loved it! The crisp lightness of it complemented every dish we tried. It was so drinkable that we ordered another bottle. One of my friends has since ordered several cases. What a fun find!

We tried the lobster paella dish, the patatas bravas, the dates wrapped in bacon (insane), the endives with goat cheese, several of the cheese dishes, the chorizo with iberico, and the meat platter with iberico. My one friend is especially obsessed with iberico ham, and it was amazing to have so many choices containing iberico ham on the menu!

I am surprised that there aren't more five star reviews. I am lumping the service in with the food, and because the wine we had complemented our meal so much, and because we had such a pleasant dining experience, it definitely deserves 5 starts.

On a final note, Jose's signature gin and tonic is the best gin and tonic I have ever had. Hands down. Do yourself a favor, and order this drink to start!
I so want to give this place 5 stars. Was highly recommended by a friend. My expectations were high and the tapas did not disappoint. The pan de cristal was sublime. The manchego plate as well as the para negra was out of this world. One dish after the other was well above my expectation. We then decided to order the paella feast. The beet gazpacho that came with it was to die for, while the salad was nothing to rave about. But who cares? Paella was to be the star of the show. So we patiently waited and anticipated how great it would be only because the dishes that came before it were amazingly good. After a 15 minute wait, it finally came. It sadly ruined a meal that was supposed to be a perfect 10. Half of the rice was burnt so bad that it was like eating bitter Rice Krispies. The other half that was not burnt was so salty. The combination of the two just made the dish incredibly inedible. The chicken was also on the dry side. So sad. For a $29 per person paella feast, it was truly disappointing. Would love to come back but most likely would just stick to tapas next time.
Delicious!  The only reason why I gave it 4 instead of 5 is because the dishes tend to be very extreme... either too acidic or too fatty or too salty.
Really doesn't compare to the bazaar. And yes Jose Andres love love la la blabla.. but yea, not that great. A lot of the dishes we ordered were a tad off. The skirt steak on red peppers was way too salty, the uni on the crostini tasted like tank water. The short-rib paella was realllyyyy salty too. Favorite dish of the night was probably the beet salad. Everything else was pretty mediocre. Love the vibe and open-airness. Love the water glasses. The sangria is really spice-intense too. If you like flavor (sometimes just salt) explosions... give Jaleo a try. If not, still come and gamble with each dish. Hey, it's Vegas!
If you're looking for avant-garde Spanish cuisine in the form of a passionately-designed tapas menu, then look no further once you lock eyes with Jaleo.  

Chef José Andrés' delivers, as promised, in this Cosmopolitan Las Vegas-based branch of the original Metro Washington DC location, which has earned respect as a local institution.   You might have caught a glimpse of the chef in the Travel Channel's Washington DC episode of No Reservations featuring his exclusive artsy haunt: Minibar.  The chef not only has an incredibly passionate streak for quality ingredients, but he truly shines in culinary innovation and personality while providing an undeniably eclectic ambience that perfectly compliments the menu.         

The spirit of Spain is infused into every detail without coming across with the superfluous kitsch one may discover at any Strip establishment.   While often busy, and almost impossible to have a quiet conversation, Jaleo offers a dining experience filled with enough energy to keep your attention without pushing you into sensory overload.
    
Jaleo, in short, offers a remarkable mixture of tapas, as well as the expected paellas, a noteworthy selection of Spanish wines, cocktails with character, and a kick-ass sangria.    

Additionally, you will be greeted by enthusiastic and knowledgeable staff with terrific, and timely, presentation.  Created in 1993 by Chef José Andrés, Roberto Alvarez, and Rob Wilder, Jaleo has not only made a name for itself in DC, but it is slowly coming-of-age as a formidable competitor in the Las Vegas dining scene.  Be warned, Jaleo packs enough fiery punch to knock out any other tapas joint in Las Vegas.   Bring your appetite, as the sensuous Jaleo aims to both satisfy and impress.
Located inside the Cosmopolitan.  I can't remember everything we ordered, but here are some things to definitely try:

- the dates
- the paellas - if you don't have preference of which one, just order whatever paellas is cooking in the middle of kitchen there
- the salmon tartare
- the taco cones
- and definitely try the cured ham

The ambiance is very modern and fun.  Get a seat at the big cushion-couch and enjoy your party!
I cannot rave enough about my absolutely FABULOUS experience at Jaleo! I must admit, organizing a group dinner for about 20 people in a city I don't live in sounded like a daunting task once my boss placed that duty in my lap. But I received phenomenal service from start to finish while planning and executing our business event at Jaleo, The Group Sales Staff at The Cosmopolitan were all very professional and organized, helping to ease the stress of pulling this whole dinner together in such a short amount of time. A big, huge "thank you" shout out to both Kelly and Rose!

And another big round of applause goes out to our server at Jaleo: Mary! She was fantastic and our whole group loved her. Great service, delectable eats, tempting adult beverages, fun ambiance, and the perfect setting for a group. I highly recommend this spot if you are planning a dinner in Vegas. We went with a custom menu that the group sales team put together, and our guests were all very pleased with the 13 courses (yes, thirteen different menu items for everyone to try out) Tapas style of course, but such a great idea to give everyone a good idea of what this restaurant was all about. The cocktails were flowing all night and food felt like it kept coming and coming! 

Below are some of my favorites of the evening that you have to try if you are dining at Jaleo:

The Bramble- best cocktail of all time! No for real, seriously amazing. Cinnamon infused vodka with a cranberry puree. 
Jamon Serrano Fermin- a perfectly flavored 18 month, salt cured Serrano Ham
Endibias con queso - the cutest little app you've ever seen with endives, goat cheese, oranges and almonds
Gazpacho- this was served shooter-style and had some kind of amazing dollop of creamy cheese on top (not sure exactly what it was) 
Croquetas de pollo - these little chicken fritters were delish. Served in a shoe which I wasn't too sure about, but really tasty nonetheless
Carne Asada- perfectly cooked and seasoned
Paella- this traditional dish is an "absolute must" when dining at Jaleo! They do some kind of crazy chant in the kitchen before these go out to the tables and it gets the whole restaurant excited. They brought it out on this ginormous skillet that took two people to carry it just to show us what it was. But then took it back over to the open kitchen to plate it for us. 
Flan - typically not my favorite type of dessert because of the texture, but this flan was so creamy and I really enjoyed it.

Can't wait to come back to Jaleo! And a big THANK YOU again to all the staff who helped me with the great execution of our group business dinner. CHEERS!
I went to try this place with my girlfriend and left pretty unsatisfied.

The place decor is really nice and you could see a whole pig being roasted on an open fire in the middle of the food prep area. The servers were nice, attentive, and helpful with our questions. 

We ordered up the paella feast, which includes beet gazpacho, a salad with some fancy sounding vinaigrette, and a paella plate. The place decor is really nice and you could see a whole pig being roasted on an open fire in the middle of the food prep area.

The gazpacho was presented in a very fancy fashion and was served inside a neat modern cup, drizzle with some olive oil, topped with fresh-looking oval croutons. However, one bite in and the taste of salt just overpowered all the other flavors. I could still eat it but I felt as if I was eating condensed gazpacho.

Then was the salad. The salad was literally a couple large lettuce leaves with 5 olives, two slices of tomato and red onion dressed in some vinaigrette. We thought they forgot to bring out a second salad serving but the waitress had placed the bowl in the middle of our table which made me realize that it was meant to share. A bit stingy and didn't really seem like restaurant quality.

Finally, we waited on the paella. We figured the paella would be wonderful and rich and full of flavor. Instead we received plates of undercooked rice (supposedly al dente..) and extremely dry chicken. The entire place was hard to chew and tasted too salty.

Overall, I would not go back here again and I wouldn't recommend my friends to come here. The overall experience did not satisfy me especially for the price. Really beautiful place though.
I was very excited to get the chance to eat here. They have really good, authentic Spanish food like I had while studying abroad in Spain. Great atmosphere in the Cosmopolitan. Our waitress was excellent giving a very thorough overview of the menu and a good recommendation for a bottle of wine. She knew a lot about the restaurant's history and that of the chef. A nice touch was the custom drink list on an ipad left on the table; first time seeing that. 

The tapas themselves were very good. We tried an assortment of tapas, but did not have the paella. Next time, we will try that. I will definitely return next time I am in Las Vegas.
For the lunch menu...

Amazing! Delicious and authentic paella, gazpacho, and sangria. The service was very friendly and food was fast. 

Everything was very flavorful and we will definitely be coming back!
We eat at the best restaurants around the country and Jaleo just made it to the top. The tapas was amazing - the tomato bread elevated traditional tapas to its very best and I only hope to be able to taste that perfection again.  Then the waiter kindly offered us the rabbit and chicken paella and since we were celebrating my birthday we decided to splurge and get some. At first  we thought the $25 price tag was a little expensive but then we tasted it and realized what a bargain we were receiving! Their paella was smile and perfect in every way.

I couldn't possibly recommend this restaurant more - it was amazing!
Love chef Andres. .he is the best..I loved the drinks and tapas..I loved lobster paella and hanger steak..and tuna salad sando
I've been to Jaleo about 4 or 5 times now. I really love this place. It's in the Cosmo, which is the best hotel/casino on the strip right now. It's on the restaurant level, and it's sort of "open-air" which gives it a really cool vibe. The scenery is amazing both in the restaurant and outside walking by or lining up for Marquee. The food is spectacular!! The selection is amazing. What more can you say? 

The only critique I have is that service is sometimes unpredictable. I've even had waiters be really attentive at the beginning of the meal, and then disappear half way through. So they could try working on that. However, that doesn't deter me from giving it 5 stars. Go check it out for yourself!
Worst dinning experience I have had of that caliber. We went there three of us here late on a Friday night for our pre-party grub. 

Our waiter, which I'm glad I had forgotten his name already, had the worst attitude. We asked him to suggest items on the menu and he was pressuring to order items he suggested standing over the table, and wouldn't leave until we asked for a couple of minutes. 

The kitchen was out of most items, granted it was a late dinner, but the waiter made an offhand remark about us coming late, and came after we were served to tell us that the item we asked about on the menu had come back to life. 

The food came dry, not at all fresh, and clearly left for at least an hour after it's even made. The tapas were overpriced and the sizes were small even for tapas. 

Most overrated, perhaps the only redeeming factor to this place, which got us in there in the first place is its decorative interior, but don't be fooled, it's got nothing to live up to it.
This was about as fine a meal as we've had in a long time. We sampled eight plates and each was better than the next. Mussels, cheese, jamon sandwich, gazpacho soup, skirt steak and wonderful chocolate dessert. Remarkable. We could have probably eaten all night had we not needed sleep.

Go to this place, buckle your seat belt and loosen you belt buckle. This is going to be a fun and tasty ride!
Underwhelming, tiny portions, poor presentation, slow service, overpriced. But that is just my opinion. Some might love it, so try it out for yourself.
Four stars only because it was SUPER expensive! We had a group of 5 and each of us started with two choices. Two gals ended up needing to order one more entree. The atmosphere was fun and not stuffy. We'd go back in a heartbeat!

GROUP FAVORITE: Espinacas A La Catalana (Sauteed spinach, pine nuts and apples)

RUNNER UPS:
*Chistorra envuelta en patata frita (Spicy chorizo wrapped in crispy potato)
*Gambas Al Ajillothe (shrimp sautéed with garlic AND it comes with bread)

They also gave us complimentary Croquetas De Pollo
(traditional chicken fritters). They were excellent but also rich, so you'd want to share them.
This place is nasty. Everything was way too salty. We ordered the seared scallops in romesco sauce. Can you believe that the sauce was bland compared to how salty the scallops were?? The scallops were as salty as the fried bacalao. The paella valenciana with chicken and rabbit was tasteless. The chicken was super dry, more like chewy rubber, and i did not see a bit of rabbit in our plate either. And the "fresh" squid in squid ink was nasty. Seriously don't order that. The only thing decent was the goat cheese with fig jam, which I highly doubt those were made in house. That's only for the food. The prices are high, which i don't mind paying, but at least give me something edible.
Went there Valentine Day

Had seen good reviews

Only a few available tables on open-table at 545p

Not even 4 tables occupied out of 50 when we got there 5:30p

Paleya poor: have had way better

Signature cocktail $20 poor

Only good: Desert Flann
i can't believe I forgot to review Jaleo until now. 
Jaleo is one of my favorite dining spots in Vegas. Let me begin with a disclaimer: while they seem to be famous for their paella, but i found them sorely disappointing. the rice was not cooked to the right consistency and lacked that saffron / other spices depth that I seek.
however, everything else was pretty spot on. I'm going off of memory, but of my 2 visits here, i've tried various items such as the grilled lamb ribs (heaven on a bone, my favorite - but apparently gone from the menu on my second visit), endives with goat cheese and fruity stuff (very refreshingly light, yet still flavorful), the bacon wrapped dates (deliciously balanced - coming from somebody who doesn't like fruit in my entrees), grilled steak on top of a red pepper (perfectly prepared and bursting with skirt steakiness), the chicken croquettes (served in a shoe, deliciously fatty richness in fried breading), the taco cones (excellent!), and lots of other things that vegas nights has long since wiped from my memory.
the one thing that endures no matter how many brain cells are wiped by the afterpartying is that I've always enjoyed my experience at Jaleo. it's a Vegas must-try.
Jaleo is hard to review.

On one hand all the food was awesome. Slightly salty, but really amazing. We literally just went down the entire list and ordered everything.

On the other hand, you are taking tapas that normally should be 1/4th the price and "upscaling" them. It's not exactly a budget friendly restaurant.

The staff was nice, and like I said the food was very good. 

If you are hungry, don't expect to be satiated. This is more of a tasting menu than somewhere you can feed your hunger.
(A)lways a great time with Regina and  Earl
(S)o many delicious items to choose from
(K)ids shouldn't be brought here...looks like its more geared for the adult crowd

(F)irst time dining here, and most definitely won't be the last
(O)utstanding dishes served here...try a little bit of everything!
(R)efined Tapas and Paella with a little bit of whimsical touches is what you get here

(J)ose Andres is one of my all time favorite Chefs, along with Thomas Keller
(O)utstanding service throughout our evening as well
(S)ucked that the ball was missing from the fooseball table...:(
(E)xcellent spot to dine, socialize, and people watch too
('S)potted Angela T. and her friend going to Comme Ca and later Rose.Rabbit.Lie

(T)he Toast with Uni was one of my favorite bites of the evening
(A)nother favorite was the Duck Breast Risotto with Foie Gras Sauce....:9
(B)ite sized portions here allows you to try more delicious items
(L)oved the Paella that was made using Fideo noodles...just as tasty as the rice version
(E)xcellent Flan here...if you have to save room for something, Jose's Mom's Flan...:9

(!)!ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/   5

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(51/365) "Dinner @ Jose's Table"
Second times I am here.  It was a year ago when I first had dinner here.  That meal was expensive which cost me $500 for a party of four.  Tonight's dinner is more reasonable but maybe I am not that into Spanish food and I feel it is just usual.  Not as the first time when I tried it, that memorable.  The service is always good and the decor is wonderful.  But I will probably go try some other fancy restaurant if I am in town next time.
If you want to pay a lot of money for a little bit of food, this is the place to come. First time I tried a "tapas" place and probably will be my last. I get the whole idea, blah blah blah, but why would you want to pay MORE money for LESS food. The $8 burger was actually comical to look at. Maybe about one inch in diameter. Service was good, staff was friendly, location is great, food definitely was delicious, but not my cup of tea.
Really fun for a big group, not worth it for 2-3 people. Relatively cheap and Amazing server! 

Food was good, fish egg cones were a cool gimmick, steaks were very good.

Everything else was fine but not amazing. Though it was very cool to see them cook everything on a huge fire pit!
This is my splurge place.  I am absolutely in love with the Ambiance, the food, everything about it!!  I love the Sangria and the ham selection.  If you're ever in Vegas and want to live it up, this is the place to go.  It's expensive but totally worth every penny.  Best Tapas experience in my life!
I would give Jaleo 3 1/2 stars. The food was good overall. Must of the items that we ordered were good but only a few were outstanding - piquillo peppers stuffed with goat cheese and the paella were particular stand outs. This is a tapas restaurant so the portions are small but quite pricey. This is good if you want to try a lot of different things. I didn't like that the number of servings for each dish was variable and the server didn't mention this when we ordered. We had 4 people. Piquillo peppers included 2 servings, other items ranged between 2 to 5 servings. The atmosphere is energetic and bright.
Went on a Saturday night with a group of 8.....with such a large group, we basically sampled everything on the menu...and it was all amazing!! At any one point in time throughout our meal, someone in our party was making orgasmic noises. For most dishes, we were all able to have a small bite to taste (sometimes this meant cutting items in half).....making this an elaborate, noisy, "roaming fork" tasting menu for us. SO FUN!! Oh, and the food starts coming like immediately after you order.

We were seated outside next to the foosball table, which was highly entertaining on a Saturday night with all the girls in their heels (saw at least one fall) and the amateur partiers (saw at least one pass out drunk in a lounge area).

Definitely pricey, but helloooo, it's Vegas. Seemed normal to us NYC folks. Don't be intimidated by a $20 gin and tonic; it is a guaranteed flavor explosion that is worth every penny. I had the Herberia and cannot wait to try the others!
Terrible resto au sein de l'hôtel Cosmopolitan.
Nourriture de type espagnole, très variée et en petites portions. Idéal pour partager.
Laissez-vous guider et tester un large choix à la carte, ça en vaut vraiment la peine !
Paella de pollo y setas silvestres was very flavorful, it was the best paella I had so far. The rice was well seasoned and perfectly cooked. Lomo Ibérico de bellota Fermín is also very delicious. Can't wait to go back for more.

Love the food and the service is great!
Jose Andres' Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan fuses traditional Spanish tapas with a trendy ambiance and confirms the celebrity chef still knows what he's doing.

Jaleo was our last dinner outing on a recent Vegas trip and it did not disappoint. The food was outstanding from start to finish. A trendy decor perfectly at home in the Cosmo proved to be the perfect setting for a style of dining that encourages a communal experience.

The menu spans multiple regions of Spain and showcases some of their most popular cuisine. Jamón ibérico and paella are probably the best known dishes to an American audience but Jaleo's menu goes far beyond the staples offering a unique mix with something for every palate.

The Good: Jaleo's menu features a number of different paellas, but keep in mind that they rotate on a nightly basis, also make sure to order them early as they take 45 minutes to prepare. We opted for the vegetable paella which was packed with flavor. The rice was a perfect al-dente and had a nice bite to it. The portion was a bit on the small side so be sure to order 2 if you have a larger group. The Jamón ibérico did not disappoint either. Sliced paper-thin, the fat marbled ham had a great saltiness finished with hit of acorn. Another standout were the Croquetas De Pollo (chicken fritters). They weren't unlike risotto balls I've had in the past with a molten cheese center. They were a nice balance to the bold, spicy flavors of the other dishes. Ultimately you really can't go wrong with anything on Jaleo's menu. We sampled about 10-12 dishes total and they were all outstanding. Be sure to start your meal with one of the restaurant's signature gin and tonics.

The Bad: Nothing bad to report. We did have to wait an extra 15 minutes past our reservation to be seated, but the friendly bar tenders took good care of us while we waited. The service was also a bit slow, but that's more attributed to just how busy the restaurant was. Make sure you book a table in advance.

Jaleo is a quintessentially Vegas dining experience. It's great for groups and the vibrant atmosphere and stunning food will keep me coming back.
We went here for lunch and ordered the daily paella.  It was amazingly delicious and we enjoyed seeing them make it over the open fire pit.  The lunch menu is limited so just a warning.  Dinner gives you all the options of the tapas.
Delicious!!! We went for dinner this past weekend well done Jose Andres! 
You will not be disappointed with with anything. Each flavor of the dishes are spot on. I highly recommend the shrimp and squid!
Do not come here for lunch.  The atmosphere is modern and fresh, and the people are nice, but you will not be able to eat real food for any reasonably price.  They were selling shaved ham for $35 an ounce.  I don't know about you guys but I am a fully grown adult and that means I would have to spend over $350 for a real meal here.  Yeah, there are other cheaper options, but I didn't come for tiny strange dishes of things I can't identify - I came because they were famous for their black footed pig.  So much for that.  I tried it, and it's good, but at those prices, I hope you enjoy it a lot more than I did.

Their dinner options might be more 'normal' or filling - I don't know, but like I said, don't show up for lunch.
Service here is very poor, there are long periods of neglect and abandonment.  The servers literally disappear and are never seen again. 

The dishes are tiny tapas style and come out so slowly that if you go in a group, half of you will pretty much starve to death.  Food quality is hit and miss - some dishes are absolutely incredible, others surprisingly bad.  

For some reason the temperature at the restaurant is set to below freezing, which makes being there really uncomfortable.  I felt like grabbing the manager and saying: look, this is the Cosmopolitan, do you not see all these poor women sitting here half naked and shivering?  You need to shut the bloody AC off!

They have a foosball table outside which doubles up as a dining table for six.  It is a super fun idea and a super impractical one at the same time.  The seats are shaped like saddles so there is no back support- there is in fact very little bottom support - you kind of hover in mid air half the time trying not to fall off completely - much like being on a real saddle I suppose!  Best of all, the poles in the table provide a great opportunity to file a lawsuit against the establishment since you can easily stab and seriously damage the person sitting across from you if you're not careful.  

Been here twice but I don't think will be back again; at their prices it's just not worth it.  Even if I end up with a bunch of the better dishes, it's simply not a relaxing enough environment to make the experience fully enjoyable. 

Okay, rant over.
Excellent food and great service.  Once the management found out we were locals they took extra steps to make sure our dining experience was a good one, even bringing over a complementary dish from the chef.  It is nice to see a strip restaurant care about local clientele!
Highly recommend the scallops, they were perfectly cooked.
This has become my Fav restaurant in Vegas!  The Gin and Tonics are Amazing.  The Egg with Caviar...too die!  If Im at the Cosmo for other reasons like a show or concert..Ill Go to Jaleo and get the José's Gin and Tonic to go! 
Hendrick's gin, fever tree, lime, lemon, juniper, kaffir
Best drink EVER!
The food was delicious but was not filling. Two plates wasn't enough for me, and I'm a petite female with a slightly small appetite. What you pay is much more than what you get. My bill was forty dollars for a drink and two tapas. Would definitely not recommend if you plan on drinking heavily that night!
I love this place. I usually show up here alone when I'm in town on business, so I end up at either the tapas bar or the sangria bar. Some people have complained about the service here but I have found them unfailingly energetic and helpful, eager to guide newcomers through the menu. They're often crowded, so yes, servers do not always have a lot of time to hover, but I've never had anyone brush me off. And I always get the feeling they really enjoy the food they're selling and want you to enjoy it, too.

I have some special dietary needs, so I prefer small plates to the ginormous portions that a lot of people like and expect. And as a corollary, I don't have much use for hotel buffets. If you love the value and large portions of a buffet, Jaleo is probably not for you. But if you like smaller portions, you can get very happy at Jaleo. 

Every dish I've had here has been good, and some are dizzyingly delicious, though some are unmemorable. The chicken croquettes -- served in paper tucked into a sneaker -- are comfort food elevated to Olympian heights. The combination of crunchy, creamy and salty will take you back to childhood, if your mother was a gourmet tapas chef. There's a bacalao dish that is similar. Their fennel and apple salad with mancheco is a healthy option that is way too tasty for being so good for you, rich with toasted nuts. On the other hand, the house smoked cheese with nut brittle would be a good pairing with a drink but is only okay as part of a meal. 

I had one dessert that isn't on the online menu: torrijas, I think it's called. They describe it as a Spanish style French Toast, which doesn't quite convey what it is. It's like a creamy bread pudding with top note of citrus, maybe from a liqueur, served with brioche ice cream. It's not the best dessert I've ever had but right now I'm having trouble thinking of 10 better ones. 

The atmosphere is loud and a little raucous. As befits its location in the hip, upscale Cosmopolitan, the vibe is, well, upscale and hip, energized, welcoming and bright. This is not a place for a quiet, sedate experience. It's very different from the darker, more romantic La Cave at the Wynn, which also serves small plates. 

But here's the catch with Jaleo: Those small plates aren't cheap. They add up. And tapas, as everybody knows from watching Anthony Bourdain, are meant to accompany wine or beer. So if you show up very hungry and order 4-5 tapas/person plus drinks, dessert and coffee, I'd estimate you could be looking at $150-$200/person. I usually order 2-3 tapas and maybe dessert for around $50 before tip -- if I'm not drinking. I am generally satisfied with that, but as I said, I usually show up alone and I like to eat lightly. 

Bottom line: A fun menu to explore, lots of soul-satisfying treats, but the price can sneak up on you. I can't honestly call the food a great value for the money, but I love the whole Jaleo experience: the energy, the young eager staff, the feeling of fun, even the bustle and noise. No, it's not a hotel buffet. But that's a good thing.
We got a table for 6 right outside of the restaurant which was fairly removed from other tables but I didn't mind, especially considering that we were a walk-in and they fit us in on a Friday night.  They bring pan con tomate to the table to start which was delicious.  We ordered plates of olives as well as their prosciutto plate which came with four different types of meat.  The chorizo was to die for.  The olive plate came with olives stuffed with anchovies as well as this bizarre kind of emulsion, it was kind of a liquid olive in a transparent skin.  It was definitely different.  We ordered various small plates to share.  Everyone loved the octopus and potatoes.  The squid is served over black ink and was probably the largest small plate that we got and it was really good.  We got goat cheese stuffed red peppers, which were delicious but I think the goat cheese was mixed with some sort of blue cheese.  I ordered the cod salad, which is raw cod marinated in some sort of vinaigrette and served with olives and oranges, it was so good! My friend got the steak and loved it.  We ordered a serving of paella to share.  They make two paellas every night and alternate between which one is ready to be served.  The two paellas they were serving that night were a pork paella and a vegetable paella.  The vegetable paella was ready to be served when we got there so if we ordered that one we would not have waited, but we ordered the pork instead and it came out at the end of our meal which was totally fine.  We drank sangria the whole time which was $50 for a carafe but we each got at least one glass out of it.

Our server was excellent, she was very prompt and seemed busy but we got everything we ordered in a timely fashion.  She was also incredibly knowledgable and could answer every question we had about the menu.  Our bill came out to around $450 for the 6 of us (including a 20% tip that we asked her to add), which included two sangria carafes.  I think the food alone was somewhere around $280.  I loved this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for tapas in Vegas.
Although food is absolutely perfect Don't be expecting a large portions because like in Native Spain they serve it Tapas size so it is generally small proportioned especially the Paella and the squid ink for the mains.But when it comes to the servers and presentation and watchable kitchen that is absolutely perfect mall is awesome also with the public gallery.
I have been to the one in Washington D.C. and was already a big fan.  I have also been to some of his other restaurants.  Go...you will not be disappointed...
Best meal in Vegas during our 3-day trip. Lucky we ran into a guy at Blackjack who recommended it. Lost a star because our lobster salad was a little salty but otherwise outstanding. Don't miss the bacalao (cod) fritters with the honey aoili. I know, sounds crazy. But truly fantastic.
We stop by the bar every time we're in town. Queso, chorizo & NEGRONIS. The only way to begin a late night in Vegas! Jose knows! Always great!
Ending up at Jaleo was a mishap, but dining here ended up being a pleasure.

We thought we had made reservations for é by José Andrés, which is nested inside Jaleo. The Cosmopolitan's front desk had transferred our call to Jaleo, which oversees reservations for both dining experiences. Miscommunication ensued. 

The hostess was all smiles and apologies when we arrived. We were disappointed, but not shattered, seeing that Jaleo is still born from Chef José Andrés's creative mind, just less...avant garde. 

Compared to The Bazaar which I had visited in Miami, Jaleo's dishes had less pizzazz and showmanship, but still utilized fine ingredients, impeccably prepared. 

The menu offered a number of dishes procured from black-footed, acorn-fed pigs, like the Lomo Ibérico De Bellota Fermín, thinly-sliced cured pork loin. It was tender, rich, and flavorful. 

The Arroz de pato 'Jean Luis Palladin' was an impressive take on duck on rice, smokey grilled duck breast atop creamy, short-grained rice mixed with more duck. It almost didn't need, but was accentuated by, the foie gras cream.

After some salmon roe cones, a cheese and fruit plate, and some pork mini burgers, we cleansed our palate with the Salmorejo, a chilled tomato soup garnished with a quartet of bacon bits, boiled egg, chives, and crackers. It looked like an impressionistic painting of a sunrise and tasted equally refreshing. 

The only two drawbacks from this dinner was that the Mini Pepito De Ibérico (mini burgers) were too greasy, and that the service slowed considerably as the tables filled up. 

Getting our waiter's attention by the end of the night was challenging, but enjoying a surprisingly satisfying meal we did not plan for was no challenge at all.
We came across Jaleo on our 2nd night in Vegas and I was so glad to have found a tapas place. Although my husband was a bit hesitant at first, since the menu's a bit overwhelming for a newcomer, we were pleased with our choices. We especially liked the Paella with shrimp and squid, with an amazing & intense mix of flavors. The warm Brussels sprouts mixed with apricots, pears, & jamon was a perfect blending of a dish! As a kid, I hated Brussel sprouts, and this dish definitely turned me into a fan. Perfect portions & great food to be shared!
Very enjoyable tappas restaurant. I recommend ordering something from each category to get the full benefit from Jaleo. I have been. Here twice and have not had a bad choice yet. I love their tomato bread.    Wwill be back again.
Very disappointing. I was expecting a lot better from a Jose Andres restaurant. It was very hit and miss. Some things were excellent and some were really bad. With all the choices in Vegas, I would not return.
After eating at Jaleo I cam away with one life lesson- all pigs should be fed nothing but acorns. Seriously. I would definitely recommend going to Jaleo at least once to try it, though I probably won't become a regular here. 

I will say off the bat two things prevented Jaleo from getting a 5 star review.

1. The Chairs- the table we sat at was one of those awkward high tables, and I sat on the side that had a weird bench instead of individual chairs. After about 10 minutes all I could think about was the 30 rock where Jack sells his awful couches to the government to be used as torture devices. This sounds like a comedic exaggeration- but seriously it was so uncomfortable, and when you are going to be somewhere for three hours a good chair is a must.

2. The service- was very slow. We had a conversation about how we probably would of ordered twice as much stuff if the server had actually come around frequently. Paying the bill from the time we requested it took about 40 minutes. 


Now, given those two things imagine how good the food was to earn 4 stars-pretty freaking good. 

Jamón Ibérico De Bellota Fermín- this is like prosciutto I guess- it comes sliced very thinly and artfully arranged on a plate. I have often heard people say "melt in your mouth" but honestly I have never really had anything melt in my mouth... until now. The white, fat part of each slice did in fact quickly turn to a liquid when you put each piece into your mouth. Now, this comes with some bread (Pan De Cristal Con Tomate Fresco-which we also ordered as an appetizer) and I have to say there is no better illustration of a tale of two cities than this bread paired with the pig- it is terrible. It was very hard/crusty, and it has what appear to be raw tomatoes just sort of mashed into it. Did not like-although the people I was eating with liked it- but trust me they are morons. 

Dátiles Con Tocino 'Como Hace Todo El Mundo'-as far as I know I have never eaten a date before. Wrapping something in Bacon and then frying it is a good way to introduce someone to new foods- try it with your kids and broccoli. 

Croquetas De Pollo- these are awesome- like a mini chicken Cordon Bleu

Chistorra envuelta en patata frita - this is a little cocktail weenie sized chorizo sausage wrapped in a potato chip and fried. They are good, but not one of our favorites.

Gambas Con Gabardina- these tempura shrimp were hands down our favorite of the appetizers- amazing ( if lobster tempura at Flemmings is a 10, these are a solid 9) and the sauce that comes with them is great. 

José's Taco- this is a play on "taco" NOT AN ACTUAL TACO. That is key. Its basically a little piece of the Jamón Ibérico De Bellota Fermín with a scoop of caviar on top. It is quite tasty, but not an actual taco.

Mini Pepito De Ibérico-this was one of the group favorites, in fact one person lamented in hindsight that they should have just gotten 8 of these. Its a little "wet" for lack of a better word- I assume due to all the pig inside it there is a lot of grease- and that could be a turn off for some people, we call them quitters. 

Chorizo Casero Con Puré De Patatas Al Aceite De Oliva-this was one of my favorites- little slices of chorizo in a potato pure- both elements are excellent. 

I definitely wanted to try more things (like the pork skirt steak) but we decided to wrap it up after 3 hours.


Overall I really liked Jaleo but I think honestly I prefer Julian Serrano- they have a more diverse menu (like those little pizzas that must have heroin in them) better regular human height chairs, and better service. Jaleo seems higher end, and the acorn fed pig is truly delicious but the total package of the restaurant is not as good.
The chef bangs the bell and then everyone yells PAELLA!!!!!!

And with that, I knew the "Arroz Con Costillas De Cerdo Ibérico De Bellota" (made with the ribs of the famous, black-footed Ibérico de bellota pigs of Spain) was ready and would be coming my way any minute.  The paella was rich, flavorful and I gnawed on every rib until nothing was left.  

I semi contemplated another order but then the manicotti/lasagnaesque/alfredoey pork and foie gras canelones with bechamel sauce shut me the heck up :)  My wife wasn't a fan of because it was too cheesy and creamy but I am down for anything foie gras related.  

The seared fresh squid with squid ink sauce, artichokes and pearl onions was delectable.  Nice presentation!  It's rare for a place to serve the whole squid with innards and all.  I initially thought it was stuffed and couldn't put my finger on what was in it until our friendly server informed us.  I'd totally have squid ink as a hot beverage by the way.   

Bottom line is I need to come back here with a bigger group to sample more stuff like a heckuvalot more black foot pig.  If they ever make Pulp Fiction 2, Vincent Vega and Mia Wallace might have a discussion over the $20 gin and tonics.  Oh wait, he was killed.  Nevermind.  I am ready to go to "e" asap!
Highlights/lowlights 

1) really fun atmosphere
2) pricy for what you get, but that's Vegas
3) decent food

Came to Jaleo really late on Friday night with a co-worker. As you expect at a nicer Vegas restaurant it was super busy so we sat at the bar. The bartender was really nice and helped my co-worker and I pick out a few tapas. Prepare to pay between $14 and $30 per small plate, which is expensive for tapas but Vegas in General is expensive. I had a sparkling sangria coupon (woohoo!) so I ordered that. The drink was okay but like some other reviewers mentioned not as good as some of the other drinks I've had at other Jose Andres restaurants. We ordered a chorizo, and a shrimp tapa. Both were pretty good, unfortunately neither were as warm as I felt they should be but the flavor was great. We didn't do the paella which is a big deal here! I think how it works is they switch which paella they make every few minutes and when they switch the chefs ring a big bell and everyone yells "Jaleo!!". It was fun and you kind of felt like you were at a party! 

Overall, Jaleo is definitely worth a try if you are a Jose Andres fan and staying in the area but you could probably find a better tapas restaurant on the strip.
I was expecting so much more from this restaurant.  There were a few hits - the caviar fried egg dish was amazing as well as the crispy pasta with aioli and shrimp, but the octopus was inedible and everything else was just ok.  I expected to be wowed but walked away having spent $300 and it was just ok.
Good food, but plan on eating a hot dog later. It was very expensive for the portion size.  However, everything tasted amazing!  We had 2 to 3 tapas per person and each tapa had maybe 3 to 4 bites each and cost between nine and $12.   The cocktails were some of the best we had on our trip.   If you are in the mood to spend $20 on a gin and tonic I highly recommend their signature one.  This is definitely a splurge meal and I would recommend the restaurant just be prepared that the portions are a little bit on the small side.
Jaleo, you pleasantly surprised me. Although I can never accept the fact of paying $14 for a small chicken breast is justifiable here. I still have to admit, the food was freakin' spectacular! And there was entertainment, and people watching, and flames! Every time a Paella was ordered they rang a bell and yelled out PAELLA!!!!!!! 
Between my boyfriend and I, we shared about 7 small plates, and I probably could have added 3 or 4 more, but I knew our bill was already at about $150 with our $5 sprites and $6 shirley temples. I had to try it when they said it was "homemade grenadine". Good, but not $6 good. 
On the menu, all of the dishes are in Spanish and some are a bit confusing, but the staff is super helpful and knowledgeable. A couple that stood out to me were the stuffed roasted red peppers with goat cheese, the garlic shrimp, and the chicken croquettes served in a shoe. There was not anything I tried, that I would not eat again. My only complaint is the prices. $20 for 2 scallops? I get it. Were at the Cosmo, it's a Jose Andres restaurant, but I want to come here and be able to drop $100 including a tip and have my other half and I leave stuffed. That will never happen. 
So yes, it is good, yes you will enjoy yourself. It is simply a matter of opinion if it's worth it to you. To me, places like this should have locals specials, or a local night. At the same time, maybe they don't want to cater to us locals. They have enough going for them to live off tourism. 
I will return, but only on a special occasion or at the request of a Paella.
I made a reservation for Jaleo about 3-4 weeks in advance. When we arrived, the hostess told us it would be about a 15 minute wait. Friday night in LV at the Cosmopolitan, it was hopping. We were going to get a drink, but the room was not arranged in a way that made that easy (would have had to squeeze through seated guests). So we stood outside in the crowded walk-through area and waited. When we finally were walked to our table, we both laughed, We were taken to the very back of the restaurant (read- young, hip, beautiful in front - all others in the back). There were several empty tables back there nestled among the long tables seated with bachelorette parties. My partner remarked he had never seen a restaurant so disproportionately populated with women patrons. (Note to men traveling on business - go to Jaleo for gorgeous young women in sexy clothes, seemingly unattached (the women, not the clothes).)
Our server was very attentive and efficient. Again, we remarked on how many service people there were, so I am surprised that other reviewers mention their service was lacking. Guess the advantage to not being one of the beautiful people is great service! Yay for middle age!
I won't go into a lot of detail about all the great dishes we had as other reviewers seem to have that covered. Stand-out for me was the eggplant and pepper dish- nice roasted flavor. So many things on the menu, I wish we would have been with a large party so we could have tried a larger variety. 
Two beers, a glass of wine, and five dishes - right at $100. I thought that was amazingly reasonable given the city and venue.
I have to say that eating here was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The food was simply amazing, and while some of it was less stellar than others, I had an amazing time. 

Headed here with my brother Edward and his girlfriend, Jackie for his birthday. I've never had tapas before really and was really looking forward to trying it.  My brother started by ordering a Perron with Cava. The cocktail menu (on the iPad) even had a short video of how to drink from it. It was a lot of fun, though we ended up wearing a bit of it.  

The food was great. We ordered a lot justifying it because they had small plates and because we were treating ourselves. (Also, I paid but my brother paid for Carnevino the next day, so I knew he'd be spending more there). We ordered both of the paellas available that day - I was super excited because I don't eat seafood and all the paellas I've seen elsewhere include shellfish (yuck). Both were perfect and crispy and complex. The pork sliders were melt-in-your-mouth delicious - they literally melted in your mouth. And the terojas dessert french toast was beyond compare. Probably the best dessert I ever eaten and the best dish of the trip. The custardy bread was so soft and the crust was so awesomely caramelized that it almost was like a creme brulee but so much better.  The other highlights of the meal included: chicken croquettes, the charcuterie, the pork pressed sandwiches, the sorgbet.  The tortilla and pan con tomate were good, but not really more than the sum of their parts - I would not order them again.

The service and atmosphere were great. Our waiter was attentive without being overbearing.
great tapas!!! but do not go hungry unless you are ready to drop a few bucks. food was amazing the short rib paella fantastic the hanger steak fantastic. We have been to his place in The Bazaar and it is equally great
We had a group of 14 girls come to Jaleo on a Friday night for a bachelorette party. Our server warned us that the plates were small but meant to be shared, which to me was a little confusing, but we went with it. I split an order of the garlic shrimp and the green beans with goat cheese with a friend and can honestly say I needed something more. If I wasn't splitting I would have been totally satisfied but he said they were meant to be shared so I did. I didn't have a drink but a few ordered the Bramble (lavender something?) and said it was really good. One person ordered the chicken fritters and they came out served in a shoe... Weird. Our server did mess up one order and apologized because he thought she pointed to something else, and left the wrong dish for us to enjoy on the house. Everyone loved their dishes but we all agreed that we wished they were bigger. They also have a separate gluten free menu, which worked out nice for a few of our girls.
We had some great overpriced tapas, service was outstanding until it wasn't, and the decor and comfort of the place was suspect.

Let's start with the layout.  there were tables with uncomfortable chairs, or these long couches which went around the restaurant.  The couch things were comfortable if you were sitting back having a cocktail, but not so much if you were trying to eat a meal.  NOT a deal breaker, but weird.

The food -- some of it was great, some of it was ok, all of it was overpriced.  They had a specific vegetarian menu which was really nice.  Made it easier to find the veggie options on their extensive menu.  My friend (the vegetarian) had a goat cheese endive salad which which was divine.  A "warm" spinach salad, which was totally average and these weird eggplant things which were tempura fried and drizzled in honey, which she thought was good, I thought were a complete throwaway.  Three little founds of eggplant, almost tasteless but sweet from the honey for $9.00.  We both agreed it would have been better as a dessert.

I ordered piquillo peppers with a bit of iberico pork lardon, which was probably the best value on the menu.  $6.00 and completely tasty.  But definitely better to split and because of the pork I didn't have a person to share with.  I also ordered a cauliflower, date, olive dish which was divine.  My big splurge was Iberico Pork - which I thought was going to be roasted, but was in fact cured.  It was fine, it was good - but it was $35.00 an ounce.  For $35.00 I want a little more than some dried ham.  It came with a side of tomato bread, which I didn't know when I ordered it.  I HATE tomatoes.  I tried the bread, but I just couldn't do it, so I asked for some plain bread.

When the bill came, I was charged $12.00 for the bread.  TWELVE DOLLARS.  

I asked the waitress, who had been stellar to this point, and she said they charge the same price for bread with or without the tomato  TWELVE DOLLARS.  

She apologized for not telling me, and I told her I never would have paid TWELVE DOLLARS for bread.  (seriously, 6 slices of french type bread.) and she said she'd see what she could do.  Two seconds later, she was back with the full bill. 

Did an an order of $12.00 bread ruin my experience?  Yes, yes it did.  What a stupid thing to upset a customer over.  

Oh, I also had a $12.00 sangria.  It was adequate.  There's a place in Winters, I get a superior Sangria for $7.00.  

Caveat Emptor.  Would I eat here again?  Before the $12.00 bread, yes.  After the $12.00 bread.  No.  I hope it was worth it.
The food & service here... Amazing! I've read reviews from others that have said some of their plates were okay but I guess I was lucky because everything I ordered was delicious.

The food is on the pricier side as it states on this site, but it was worth every bite! If you're walking into an expensive restaurant on a tight budget I can see how you would be a critic! lol but everything was on point for me.

We started with the brochette, very good. Then the lobster salad, I tore it up, we also had the garlic shrimp which in my opinion was the best, it was in this tomato-ey garlic sauce that makes my mouth water just thinking about it, to die for. For dessert Chocolate mouse with cookie crumbs & ice cream Mmmm, Mmmm Mmmm is all I can say. 

Jaleo I give an A+ to, & I will most definitely be coming back for more!
Delicious!  My husband and I loved everything we had.  Maybe not worth the $20 for their specialty gin and tonic, but the food was outstanding.  Yes, it's pricey, but everything was in Vegas!  

As for the atmosphere it is lively and loud.  I wouldn't consider it romantic.
I was so very pleased with this restaurant, with 20 of my closest friends traveling to Vegas, trying to secure a reservation without mortgaging my house was a feat in and of itself. Lauren was so helpful in setting up a wonderful menu for us with a reasonable price per head. When we arrived, they were ready for us, complete wiht a tasting menu with my name on it (such a cute little surprise), we must have tried over half the menu. At first I was a little concerned that there would not  be enough, boy was I wrong! There was plenty of food,  and it was all delicious!!! They were even obliging to the 1 vegetarian (I had advised thm of this up front, with the hope that it would be worked out at the time without incident :( but a quick chat with the manager and it was accommodated) offering her a couple of additional dishes to replace the carnivorous ones. I would recommend this restaurant for both small and large parties. And it is in the beautiful Cosmopolitan, you can't beat that. I loved the chicken poppers served in the shoe! The bruchetta was excellent and the paella was out of this world good!  OLE!
I cannot for the life of my figure out why Jaleo has such a low yelp rating. It is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas - consistently fantastic food and service. Incidentally, my other favorite restaurant in Vegas is China Poblano, so maybe it is a Jose Andres thing. 

Yes, it is expensive. No, this should not be a surprise. Jose Andres is an award-winning chef. The menu is posted online WITH the prices listed. This is Vegas. The price you pay, however is 100% WORTH IT. 

I am one of those restaurant patrons that asks a lot of questions (What's your favorite dish? What's the most popular? Would you choose __ or __? How is that prepared? What's that dish over there?) and the waitstaff always answers my questions without any attitude or annoyance. They're friendly and fast. 

It is loud. Every 45 minutes or so they ring a bell and yell "Paella!" when the paella is ready. They are accommodating of groups, so large groups of people who have had too much sangria can get quite raucous. But it's also fun. Barcelona is loud. Barcelona is raucous. This is not a white-table-cloth restaurant, so don't expect that type of atmosphere. They have a foosball table as a table.. it has been my dream to one day be seated there, but I'm beginning to wonder if you maybe have to ask when you make the reservation. 

Now the food....

Pan de cristal con tomate fresco - tomato bread - sounds simple, but is remarkably delicious. Reminds me of bruschetta, but with a crispier bread that doesn't hurt your teeth when you bite into it. 

Jamón ibérico de bellota Fermín - fancy ham - comes with tomato bread. I am not a major ham connoisseur. I am amazed at how they can slice it so thin (by hand!). 

Dátiles con tocino 'como hace todo el mundo' - bacon wrapped dates - not my favorite bacon wrapped dates around

Croquetas de pollo - chicken fritters - I was worried this would be fancy chicken fingers. Instead, it is like a pot pie wrapped in a mozzarella stick. SO GOOD. Ultimate comfort food. I wish I could eat this once a month (if you know what I mean ;)). Also, it comes served in a shoe (a Camper shoe, to be precise), which is fun. 

Salmón crudo con huevas de salmón - salmon / roe cone - I really liked the cone part, but roe is so salty, so the overall effect was pretty salty. Good, but salty.

Ensalada de bogavante con cítricos y escarola - lobster & frisee salad - comes with a generous portion of lobster. I do not like frisee, but my mom loved this dish. 

Coca con erizos de mar - uni toast - comes with a LOT of uni. Although, now that I'm writing this review months later, I don't really remember anything that special about it. 

Rossejat - noodle paella - SO GOOD. Definitely a must-order. 

Rossejat negra con cigala - squid ink rossejat - also really good, but I like the regular rossejat better. I don't know how they get the inside of the Norwegian lobster to such a creamy consistency. Be careful about letting this touch your lips, it will stain them a lovely shade of grey. 

Canelones tradicionales de cerdo y hígado de pato con salsa béchamel - pork & foie gras canaloni - the ultimate indulgence. Really rich and creamy. If you are lactose intolerant, you might have a stomach ache after, but it is so worth it. This is such a rich and heavy dish, if you order this I recommend maybe selecting one item fewer than you would have. 

Other notes - 
I recommend the white sangria over the red. 
They do NOT have a full menu at lunch.
We walked in for lunch and had a great experience. The staff was great and we were seated immediately. The prices are steep for what amounted to be mediocre tapas but the flan was one of the best desserts I've ever had in my life.  I think it has a lemon foam and some kind of Spanish sorbet. I'm still trying to figure out how they made it taste so amazing.  Judging by the complexity of the dessert I'm sure the dinner service is amazing.
Came here over EDC weekend. Love Jaleo's open kitchen where you can see the Chefs cooking the paella! Other reviews mentioned the poor service but our waitress was great! They change their menu occasionally so the brussel sprouts that everyone raves about is no longer available! The waitress also recommended 3-4 tapas for each + the large Paella dish BUT 2 each + paella was sufficient! 

Onto the good stuff: 

*Sangria: Of course we would order cocktails off an iPad, fancy haha. Loved the Sangria here. Not sure what was in it but the added sprig of mint made it even more refreshing. Order a Carafe for ~3 glasses. 

*Pan de cristal con tomate fresca (Half a loaf of toasted, uniquely crispy and ethereal bread brushed with fresh tomato): aka Tomato Bread. Delicious! Supposedly the bread is imported.It's a great starter! 

*Arroz con costillas de cerdo ibérico de bellota (Made with the ribs of the famous, black-footed ibérico de bellota pigs of Spain): So, the Chef chooses 2 of the 5 paellas to make each day. On this day, there was this one + the Rabbit one (Paella valenciana 'Rafael Vidal' A true classic of chicken, rabbit and green beans). It says allow for "45 minute wait" because you'll be served when it's ready. They continuously make batches. Once each batch is done, they ring a cast iron bell and yell out "Paella"! I've never been to Spain so I don't really have anything to compare it to. However, I like that the rice was "crispy". A little on the oilier side but it is pork. Meat was tough though. 

* Gambas al ajillo (The very, very famous tapa of shrimp sautéed with garlic): JUST DO IT. Sauteed with garlic but there's a rich & warm tomato-like "sauce" on it which MADE this dish. So good. 

*Chorizo ibérico de bellota Fermín (A dry-cured chorizo made with ibérico meat): eh, skip. tasted like a dry hot dog and it was on a bed of some kind of corn/polenta looking thing but didn't help 

*Caña de cabra con higos (Murcia) A soft, semi-sweet goat's milk cheese paired with raisin walnut bread and fig jam: I don't like stinky cheese but something about this paired with raisin walnut bread & fig jam made this a winner! 

*San simón con garapiñado de frutos secos (Galicia) A smoked cow's milk cheese paired with house-made nut brittle: Loved this one because of how mild it was. It's a harder cheese but not like parmesan-hard. The nut brittle was tasty s well. 

*Manzana con hinojo y queso manchego (Sliced apple and fennel salad with Manchego cheese, walnuts and Sherry dressing): This was a nice palate cleanser. Super refreshing with the crispy granny smith apples + fennel.

*Coliflor con olivas y frutos secos (Sautéed cauliflower with dates and olives): Waitress said this is a hit or miss dish but we LOVED this. Sweetness from the dates. Tang from the Olives. Yum.
We were a party of 4 looking for dinner.   Walking though the Cosmo we wanted some fun tasty food.  We looked at the menu prior to entering and found the hostesses friendly and quick to help us.  The restaurant was about half full on a Monday night.  We arrived to our table, we sat for about ten to fifteen minutes waiting for someone to say hello.  After being greeted and poured room temperature water we ordered our drinks.  After about twenty five minutes our server took our order.  The menu is a bit different and thought the server should have taken some time to explain the menu and or any specials.  This did not happen.  The server looked and acted like she could care less about us being there.  One person in our party ordered Jose's Patatas Bravas for six dollars.  This was a bag of what appeared to be lay's chips topped with spicy tomato sauce.  What a joke, a bag of plain chips with the empty bag on the side.  My wife ordered the Manza salad which she did not like at all.  She found it to be bland.  The salad was also small but made no difference since she could not finish it because she could not stand the taste.  I had the spinach salad which actually tasted good but for eleven dollars found it to be very small.  

My overall perception of the food quality was not great.  We felt as though the server could have been much more attentive as there was very very little interaction with us.   In the end we settled up and left still hungry.  I would not go back.
Deliciously fun experience! Live and energetic feel!  My boyfriend took me here on a date.... we started with their specialty gin and tonic.... followed by a selection of tapas chosen by our server as a sampler menu. I loved everything we had! Great mix of flavors and textures, such a fun experience and element of surprise letting the server make recommendations and choices for us.
First impressions are a lasting impression! I actually didn't know Jose Andres had a restaurant at Cosmo, and when I passed by it during the day, I was so excited I made a reservation on the spot for later that night. The ambience and decor was awesome! Colorful and very spanish, definitely reminded me of Spain. One of the tables even had foosball under that you could play with. now that was... awesome.

We were seated promptly, and because it was a monday after EDC weekend, a lot of items on the menu were not available. It was saddening.. we were so hungry and all of the popular dishes were gone :( Anyways, we ordered:

-Croquetas De Pollo- I love this dish at bazaar! Had to get it here, it was just as yummy but a little bit more salty.. It comes served in a shoe. When I asked the server why, she explained it was the brand Spanish Camper- the oldest shoe brand in Spain from a small village. Jose Andre wanted to support their company, so he created this "food on the run".. haha
-Jamon serrano Fermin- delicious! Came with little bread sticks and it was so so good.
-Ensaladilla rusa- ultimate spanish tapa: a salad of potatoes, mayo, and imported conserved tuna with spanish trout roe- after mixing it together, it was very rich and flavorful. Yum.
-La Serena con membrillo- La Serena cheese, walnut dust, and quince paste cone- wasn't a big fan of this, the cheese was overpowering, usually love Jose Andres' cones but not this one.
-Ostras Gin and Tonic- oysters with lemon, gin and tonic. So refreshing and light! These oysters were small and sweet- loved it! although we both had a slight allergic reaction to these oysters.
-Paella valenciana rafael vidal- couldn't leave here without trying a paella! only paella they had left.. it had chicken, rabbit, and green beans, and was absolutely yummy. We finished every last piece of rice haha.

Overall extremely yummy meal. Our server was very gracious and recommended and explained the dishes very well. She was like a Jose Andres dictionary- she really knew her information on the dishes and what was on it. 

The six dishes left us feeling satisfied for two- not too full and not too hungry. Total was about $120 without tip and we ordered a drink. I saw some reviews complaining about the prices and small portions, but hey- its Vegas. Also, Jose Andres' prices and portions are always consistent- Bazaar is similar to Jaleo in terms of that. This place isnt as good as Bazaar in LA (that place has a special place in my heart) but if I am back in Vegas, I would definitely come back and eat here!
My fiancé and I dined here for lunch on our last day in Vegas.

We ordered the chicken and mushroom paella along with a couple of tapas dishes- a chorizo dish and a Spanish goats cheese plate accompanied with European bread and fig jam.

The food was tasty but underwhelming considering the price. 

I also had a problem with the service. The waiter topped up my glass of sparkling water with still- when I told him it was sparkling he mumbled under his breath and just walked away!

When you are spending $130+ for lunch you would think the least they could do is apologise or give you a new glass of sparkling on the house..
Not a bad spot for lunch if you're looking to taste the paellas without breaking the bank.  I think there is a good offering for the price and will definitely add it to my local lunch rotation.  If you're a coffee fan, I do recommend some of the specialty coffee... they pack quite a caffeine punch to help you get through the rest of the day - especially if you're heading back to the office.
I give this pace 3.5 stars but can understand why some people give it 4. The food and service are 4 stars but the tapas are very overpriced. I have been in Spain many times and have tried many tapas (in fancy and not so fancy Spanish restaurants), but the prices in Jaleo are ridiculous particularly the cheese tapas. Highly recommend the paellas.
So delicious! There were so many veggie choices. We stopped in for a drink and a few plates mid afternoon. Perfect choice for snacking.
Excellent meal! We went here for my birthday dinner last night. We had an excellent bottle of Tempranillo. The paella valenciana (chicken & rabbit) was perfectly cooked. The bikini de jamon iberico was probably the best thing I've ever eaten! We also tried the rossejat (which was a pasta like version of paella). Again, another excellent dish! I would recommend sharing with 4 people because that dish was a lot for the two of us! Overall, an amazing meal with excellent service. I will return next time I am in Vegas.
Omg wonderful service and food! The vegetarian paella is the best I have ever had! Great venue for vegetarians and non vegetarians. Loved the drink menu as well. THe service is really good and I love the bell and yelling of paella every time they cook a big batch of paella. So festive. The decor is nice also. From the outside it doesn't look like much but the inside once you sit down is cute and modern. definitely will go back!
Me & my husband dined here because we were a fan of Jose Andrés. And I must say I will come here again to try some of their foods. For appetizer, I ordered the "Gambas Al Ajillo. It's a very buttery, garlicky shrimp served in a small pan alongside with a bread, almost look like a french bread, but smaller. Taste of the shrimp was phenomenal! Very tasty, oily in a good way. There was some kick to it. At first, I didn't like the bread coz it was too hard to bite, but our server (very knowledgable) told me that I should try to deep the bread onto the sauce so the bread wont be that hard to eat. I love it! Then, I ordered "Presca Iberica Crudo Ahumado" oh boy, I tell you. The slices of meat with its oOh so creamy sauce was very tasty and when I was eating it, I felt some of kind of orgasmic/sexy feeling like you would eat your favorite chocolate on a midnight craving sort of thing. Addicting to eat! Very rich in flavor. Sauce was fantastic, it got some tanginess that balances the salty side of the meat. I will definitely recommend this fine dining resto to my family & friends. Truly, Jose Andres & his amazing chefs put some love & thought to what they are serving to people. Very bold flavors of foods.
Amazing!  

A wonderful tasting menu of Chef Andrés' avant garde Spanish cuisine.  We were served 20 small bites and 5 wines over approximately 2.5 hours.  My favorites were the Apple "Brazo de Gitano", José Taco, Bocata de "Calamares" and my slice of the "Whole Lobe of Foie Gras Baked in Sea Salt"

It's not cheap - $250 plus tax/person - but this price includes food, wine AND gratuity.  They have two seating per night at 5:30 and 8:30, and only 8 diners per seating so the experience/service is unmatched.  And while I don't make enough money to call anything 250 bucks an absolute steal, compared to many other high-end restaurants in Vegas I wouldn't hesitate to call é a bargain.

If all you care about is getting as full as possible for as little cash as possible, the Cosmopolitan Hotel has a wonderful buffet one floor down which I'm sure you'll enjoy more.  If you love interesting, innovative, delicious food, and are willing to pay for some superior ingredients and service, é is an experience that shouldn't be missed.

One more thing... reservations are only available by e-mailing a not-so-secret anymore address - reserve@ebyjoseandres.com
I'm very torn about our experience at the E Bar, as its called.  On one hand, the experience was ridiculously amazing; it is nice being diners #140 and 141(since the place has opened).  But on the other hand, the food was not. 

It's challenging to come up with an appropriate star rating to balance out the two.  It's also hard since the price was $250 plus tax/per person.  As the previous reviewer mentioned, that price does include food, wine, gratuity, and an awesome experience.  I keep asking myself if it was worth it...I'm not sure that it is.

The evening was a special one though.  We arrived, checked in at the reservation desk and were waiting to be seated for the 8:30 seating.  One of our 'hosts' came to us, letting us know that we would need to wait for a bit, as the previous seating was wrapping up and they were preparing for our seating.  She would like to know if I would like a glass of cava while I'm waiting.  But of course!  So we're chilling in the Cosmopolitan's fun little sitting area (with billiards, checkers, funky chairs, etc.) enjoying some cava while we wait.  As we're finally seated, much of the busy Jaleo watches the 8 of us as we walk into the private E room.  There are 8 of us seated, with 5 people making sure our evening went smoothly.

Anthony, our specific server, was funny, helpful, and hooked up the wine.  Frankly, I didn't care for most of the wine as it was incredibly sweet.  In fact, most of the dishes had more of a sweet element to them rather than salty or savory, which was what I was looking for.  All dishes were served at one time by the two chefs, so we needed to coordinate bathroom breaks over the 2.5 hour meal.  When it was an appropriate time to go, Anthony walked me all the way to the restroom; what a gentleman!

Some of the highlights of the evening food wise were the Beet Jewelry (salty, crispy, gold-dusted--yum!), caramelized pork rinds (there's nothing like making chicharrones high class!! haha), the smoky oysters in escabeche, secreto of iberico, and, the star of the night really, the Jose Taco and artichoke with caviar.  The Jose Taco was a lovely slice of Jamon Iberico de Bellota with a dollop of caviar on top, to be rolled like a taco (really a taquito, i think).  YUMYUM!!!  And the roasted baby artichoke with caviar and quail egg inside. Divine!  I would like ten more of those please, rather than some of the flowery, fruity dishes we were given.

The most disheartening thing of the night (other than the bill, haha) was the Whole Lobe of Foie Gras baked in Salt.  I love Foie Gras, seriously.  They showed us this beautiful lobe that has been crusted in tantalizing sea salt and baked.  I was very excited.  We were all given our own slices; they were sitting there, glistening in the plate, waiting to be devoured.  Then they poured an orange juice type sauce on them.  Travesty!!! It ruined the Foie Gras.  The texture was mushy and all I tasted was juice.  Why, Jose?! Why?!

I know this review reads a bit like a schizophrenic's journal, but this is how I feel about E by Jose.  The experience was once in a lifetime and the staff could not have been more accommodating.  But the food was, overall, a disappointment, especially for the price.  Bottom line: I guess it's both a yay and a nay.
Classy Vegas is back at the Cosmopolitan and especially at ultra exclusive E. 

We started our night making our way through the plush and glitzy Cosmopolitan lobby and casino. We definitely will need to come back and check out more. When arriving at Jaleo we told them we had reservations at E, which is the restaurant within the restaurant at Jaleo. 

Being 1 of 16 dining there that night (two seatings of 8) their attention went immediately to us. The last group was still finishing up so the manager brought us a nice bubbly glass of Cava while we waited. That nice touch was a great sign of what to come. 

After our table was ready we were escorted back with the other 6 to our table hidden in another room behind the bar. As we were led through the packed Jaleo dinning room we got a lot of those "how are they getting that treatment" looks. We arrived at our half moon shaped bar with a swanky and modern feel. 

This is where the AMAZING service started. Flat or sparkling? My first thought is Vegas's finest will work for me because I'm not a water snob, but then I realized everything is included I went with the sparkling. We were introduced to the staff and I enjoyed the casual environment making it easy to communicate with the chefs as they prepared the food in front of us. The service throughout the night was just perfect and I think I enjoyed that more than the food! 

So here is the deal... 
$250 includes about 20 courses, wine pairing throughout, tax, gratuity, and oh yes your choice of water   ; ) 

Time to get on the 2+ hour food and wine train! 

Unfortunately I do not have the details on the wine, but know I'm more of a wine snob than a water one and the wines were mostly whites and on the sweet side. Not my cup of tea but it may be yours. 

The food... 
- Frozen Sangria with Grilled Strawberries: Very strong but really refreshing 
- Beet Jewelry: Sweet and salty beet "ring" in a jewelry box. Cool idea and a nice balance of flavor. 
- Caramelized Pork Rinds: Need I say more. If you like Pork Rinds you'll love them, if you don't we'll love them! 

BATHROOM BREAK STOP THE PRESSES! They literally stopped serving, escorted me to the bathroom, and waited until I returned. Good thing I'm fast! 

- Jose Taco & Artichoke with Caviar: Jamon Iberico (best ham in the world from Spain) in a "taco" with caviar. Paired with caviar and quail egg on a mini artichoke. One of the best of the night. 
- Other stars of the 20 dishes: Smoky Oysters in Escabeche and the Secreto of Imberico Pork. 
- Biggest disappointment was the Foie Gras Baked in Salt. Such promise and I almost never push away Foie Gras but this one was bastardized with a bunch of orange type juice poured on top. 

All in all I enjoyed the service more than the food. Most of the dishes were on the sweet side and didn't have a balance. Of course that is up to the individual's taste and for the price I will be a harsh critic. 

This place is definitely worth a try. At a minimum for the cool and fun experience alone. The innovative food will not disappoint and hey enjoy you are in Vegas!
José Andrés has brought umami back. But, he's not only brought it back, he's redefined it. Think of it as umami 2.0. With 20 mouthwatering courses, his avant garde brand of sweet and savory cuisine will slap your taste buds around like a night with Ike Turner and Chris Brown. 

This is dinner theater at it's best. It's a 2.5+ hour interactive show in a private room located within Jaleo. After checking in at the hostess stand we were seated at a table in Jaleo and brought complimentary glasses of cava while the previous seating finished (There are two seatings of 8 per night at é at 5:30 and 8:30). When ready, we were escorted to the back and entered a space beautifully designed by the Rockwell Group and Spanish designer Juli Capella. Two of the walls are lined with card catalogs with several drawers open and holding artifacts that tie into memories from José's past. It's an intriguing space that's equal parts Dali, Pan's Labyrinth, and Alice In Wonderland.

In the center of the room is an 8 seat bar where the chefs create and plate the evening's meal. Much of the actual "cooking" is performed out of site in the Jaleo kitchen but the plating is done in front of the diners at the bar. Throughout the evening there was plenty of interaction with the chef's and we were encouraged to ask questions and learn more about the chefs and dishes. It was cool to see them at work. Who knew tweezers and pipettes were such important kitchen tools? Each dish was a work of art... a really delicious work of art.

I'm not articulate enough to describe how creative or tasty each dish was. So if you want a complete breakdown of every course you're better off reading this guy's review: http://www.kevineats.com/2011/01/e-by-jose-andres-las-vegas-nv.html

But, here are a few notable dishes that I loved:
- Beet jewelry. Playful, crunchy and delicious. I never thought beets could be so amazing.
- Membrillo and la serena cone. A flaky cone filled with a creamy, tangy sheep's milk cheese.
- Bocata de Calamares. An homage to the calamari sandwiches Andrés used to eat on the beach, this sammie had uni in place of calamari and it was delicate, briny masterpiece.
- Cigala with Roses. Typically, I hate foams because they add little to dishes. But here, it added a noticable texture and flavor to the lobster.
- Secreto of Ibérico Pork. The best dish of the night. The best piece of pork I've ever tasted. This was the pig equivalent of A5 kobe beef. Amazing!
- Frozen Apricot Coulant. Similar to a chocolate lava cake in that you cut it open and liquid oozes out. It's a delicious and unique fruity dessert.
- 25 Second Bizcocho. The best microwaved food ever. It had the texture of a sponge cake and had a creamy filling.

Honestly, I could probably list a few more dishes that I loved. There wasn't a *bad* dish all night, but the weakest were the two they had to supplement because of my apple allergy. I can't fault them for that.

The service was exceptional. Truly the best service I've ever experienced. There were two hosts (and I say hosts because dining at é is like dining in their home), Anthony and Stephanie, who were able to accommodate dietary/allergic restrictions, serve and clear dishes throughout the night and answer any question we had. It was professional but not stuffy. They're also not shy about keeping your glasses full. Wine was included in the price and Anthony and Stephanie were generous with the pours all night. It was like dining with an open bar.

The price for the meal, as others have mentioned, is $250 per person. That includes wine, gratuity, and tax. In order to get reservations you have to email them. It's best to plan ahead and email them at least a month before you'd like to dine there. If you're a local, the more flexible you are with your dates (a weeknight instead of dining on a weekend) might make it easier for you to get in. For out of towners, make sure you tell them the dates you'll be in town and they'll try to fit you in. For me, after I initially emailed them I got an automated response right away followed by a dining reservation a couple weeks later.

In the end, é was the most entertaining and amazing dining experience, although not necessarily the *best* meal ever. But, I'd put it in the top 3 that I've had. It's pricey but worth it for a once in a lifetime experience and a peek inside the mind and food memories of José Andrés.
Everything about my experience at E by Jose Andres was Five Star.  From the Golden Ticket I received in the mail the day before my trip, to the last bite of Saffron scented Chocolate at the end of the evening made this one of the best Food Evenings of my life.

My Golden Ticket promised, "Culinary delights that you have not imagined."  E delivered on that promise and  more!  On arrival, I was given a glass of Cava while I waited to be escorted to the private dining area that is E.  I don't usually comment much on decor, but I was struck by the intimacy and personal nature of the space.  I can imagine Chef Andres has a study designed in the same manner.  I also appreciate the fact that the communal seating has wheelchair accessible seats cut into the bar.  It allowed me to have the  same experience as the other diners. Now onto the food itself:

1) Frozen Sangria with Grilled Strawberries. Made table side with Liquid Nitrogen, the Sangria had all the flavor of its liquid cousin, but provided an interesting temperature contrast to the Caramelized Strawberries.

2) Spanish Clavel. Hardest item to describe. An  amazingly light bite with a thin wafer made from yogurt and flavored with a Spanish Flower. Vague enough?

3)Beet Jewelry. Rings of dehydrated beet, dusted with Gold.  So much flavor in such a small bite.

4)Caramelized Pork Rinds. Best. Pork Rinds. Ever.  Salty, Sweet, Spicy, Crunchy goodness!

5) Apple "Brazo de Gitano". An Apple flavored Sponge Cylinder filled with a bleu cheese espuma.  Another great combination of flavors and textures.

6)Jose Taco. A thin rectangle of Iberico Ham with a dollop of sustainable Caviar. I expected this to be salty beyond belief, but there was a sweetness to the caviar that made this one of my favorite bites of the night.

7)Artichoke with Caviar and Quails Egg. Again, the interplay of tastes and textures was amazing. Earthiness from the Artichoke. Richness from the Egg. Sweet and Salty from the Caviar. Another great bite and I am not a big fan of caviar.

8)Membrillo with La Serena Cone.  My least favorite item of the night. Goat Cheese and Quince Paste.

9)Bocata De Calamares.  A tiny tiny version of a Lobster Roll using Uni as the protein.  This was so good they could start a sandwich shop with a larger version!

10)Ajo Blanco. Modern version of a Spanish soup made from Almonds and Garlic. The Almond Soup was poured over a bowl with several different components including Sliced Almonds, Ground Almonds, Microgreens, Grapes and a Granita ( I can't remember what it was).  This was much mellower than the preceding dishes.  That is not a bad thing! In a multi Course event like this I find that sometimes my taste buds need a rest!

11)Cigala with Roses.  Perfectly cooked Langoustine with a floral note from a Rose flavored foam.

12)Smoky Oysters in Escabeche. The Oysters were smoked in a little globe in front of us.  What actually made these wonderful was the accompanying Onion Confit and Toasted Honey Air.

13)Roasted Turbot with Black Garlic. The fish was the star but The Black Garlic added its intense sweetness and pungent undertones.

14)Foie Gras Baked in Salt.  Best Foie Ever. The salt dome it was baked under gave  it an amazing texture.  A wonderfully tart Citrus Sauce cut the richness of the dish.

15)Secreto of Iberico Pork.  A rarely used cut from behind a Pig's Shoulder Blade was served with Chanterelle Mushrooms and Black Truffle.  This was full of Earthy, Rich, Meaty, Porky Flavor.   It had a texture that was far from soft, But  worked with the rustic nature of the dish.

16)Orange Pith Puree with La Serena. That wonderful Goat cheese reappeared in the first Dessert Course.

17)Frozen Apricot Coulant.  Sort of a fruit version of a molten chocolate cake. This time the outside is an Apricot Ice and the center is an Apricot liquid.  Very light and refreshing!

18)Apples and Red Wine "Freddy Giradet".  Vanilla Bean Ice Cream with Red Wine Glazed Apple and Apple Spherifications. Another fun and inventive course that also tasted great.

19)25 Second Bizcocho. A light, airy Citrusy Angel Food cake actually made in a Microwave. 

20)Chocolates.  Saffron Scented and Chocolate "Air" brought the evening to a sweet end.


We had several spirits that enhanced our experience.  With the first few items we had a Pastrana Manzanilla Sherry. It was clean, delicate and slightly yeasty.  It went very well with our first few courses.
Next up was actually a beer. Estrella Damme Inedit. I am not a beer drinker but  It actually went very well with our fried oilier items.
Third was 2008 Mengoba Godello y Dona Blanca Bierzo. Another very light wine that kind of got lost with all the flavors of the food.
Next was a 2009 Guimero Mencia Ribiero Sacra. This went great with the Foie and Pork.
We finished with a classic 1982 Don Pedro Ximenes Sherry. Dessert in a glass.

Service was outstanding and as I mentioned before, they are extremely wheelchair friendly.
Yo! To all you legit foodies in the house.  This place is da bomb!

Ok, now that I have your attention with my lame ass hook, seriously, you people need to check this out.  $250/person.  Not stuffy at all.  A ton of fun.  If you really do truly love inventive food (picky eaters opt out) then you will LOVE this. And at $250 per person including tax, alcohol, and gratuity (although you will want to tip more when you are done) it is such a bargain!  Plus, for people who don't drink, the chefs and servers say that the non-alcoholic offerings are extremely inventive.  They seem quite eager to serve them.  I think they just need advance notice.

The process: First, send an email to reserve@ebyjoseandres.com with a variety of dates and times that you would like to go.  Give a bunch of choices.  There are only 8 seats, so keep that in mind.

Next, wait for confirmation.  If you are lucky, you will get a reservation and they will ask for more details including any allergies and if there are any non-drinkers.  Eventually, you will get golden tickets in the mail and a very nice note. (Yes, snail mail.)  Yay!  Very Willy Wonka.

Next, show up at Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan promptly.  Anthony (one of your servers) will be waiting at the hostess stand and will psychically know who you are.  Especially if you are the dope with the golden ticket in your hand and a stupid grin on your face.

Next, enjoy some cava (a variety of sparkling wine) at the bar and meet your foodie companions.  At your respective reservation time (5:30pm and 8:30pm are the choices), you will be escorted to an exquisitely designed room separate from the rest of the restaurant where three chefs and two servers will prepare and serve the best food in the world right in front of your eyes.  It's essentially a 3-hour conversation about food, while you pig out.  And, yes, there is stripper dust involved.  http://eat.c-bas.com/2011/03/14/e-by-jose-andres/  But it's all good. :)

The other reviews and all the blogs go through all the courses in better detail than I ever could.  For example, see http://www.kevineats.com/2011/01/e-by-jose-andres-las-vegas-nv.html and the link above. Just let me say that this is a best meal I have ever had and I've been to Guy Savoy, Joel Robuchon/L'Atelier, Masa (NYC), French Laundry, Per Se, Le Bernardin... need I go on.  I'm a food and service snob (when I expect quality), and this is the best.  I actually closed my eyes in bliss during many of the courses.  The servers, Anthony and Stephanie, are fabulous. The chefs, Edwin, Brett, and Johannes, are also terrific.  Very knowledgeable and so willing to share that knowledge.  It's so much fun and we made some new foodie friends.  What's better than that?
After managing to get a last minute reservation at this coveted place my friend and I were really looking forward to dining here.  We got a Voice Mail confirming our reservation and the dietary restrictions we had (my friend doesn't eat Foie Gras and I stay away from Pork). Our reservation was done on a short notice so we didn't get the "Golden Tickets". We arrived earlier and were nicely greeted by a glass of Cava. If this was taste of things to come we in for a treat but didn't over indulge as we wanted to keep our appetite and taste buds fresh and not overwhelmed.  My friend pointed out the interesting name "1+1=3" which sorta summarizes this place (more on that later)
We were handed a keepsake menu with a rubberised seal (kind like makers mark)
Frozen Sangria with Grilled Strawberries.  I think presentation was key here with the liquid nitrogen drawing oh and aah from the table. Nice contrast between and warm cold. With a nice a detailed description on why sangria was made that way (doesn't evaporate the alcohol as it remains frozen) I luved the  warm strawberries and might try it myself Sangria was nice at first but I couldn't finish it as I am not big on Sangria.


Spanish Clavel. Again presentation was key here taste was not so much. The white petal made from yogurt didn't add anything to taste the centre flower has nice finish though. 
Beet Jewelry. Looked luvly and the finish was intense. How I would describe the bit of potato chips that are left after you have finished a bag and you get a surprise after while. Not bad  (not the intent I guess but awesome) 

Caramelized Pork Rinds. I had a substitute course here. My friend did like it though and commented melt in your mouth feel. 
Apple "Brazo de Gitano". Beautiful presentation. Nice gooey centre. The shell which was fluffy like a meringue had granny apple essence I think and centre was kind like a cheese. 
Jose Taco. I had a substitute course and it was caviar in an asparagus shell. 
Artichoke with Caviar and Quails Egg. I liked this dish and I am not big on caviar. Nicely Balanced.  
Membrillo with La Serena Cone.   Interesting combo didn't care much for it.
Bocata De Calamares could have been favourite dish if it wasn't too much bread and mayo. The uni was the freshest I have ever tasted. This one still made it to the top of my list. 
Ajo Blanco. Modern version of a Spanish soup made from Almonds and Garlic. Deconstructed soup very interesting IMO. My friend luved it I was ok with it. 
Cigala with Roses.  Good dish with intense flavour of shrimp heads. Top Notch. 

Smoky Oysters in Escabeche. Beautiful presentation again very nice flavours. 
catch of the day with Black Garlic. I luved the black garlic as am a big fan of it. Fish was good I think it would gone better with more buttery fish. 
Foie Gras Baked in Salt.  I was really looking forward to this as I am  a Foie Gras luver didn't find it amazing. I guess I am spoiled by a restaurant that is the Foie Gras Mecca in Montreal   
Secreto of Iberico Pork.  I had the rabbit instead nothing special. My friend luved this course.  
Orange Pith Puree with La Serena. Very strong cheese reminded of a something I bought in Montreal. Nice combination. 

Frozen Apricot Coulant.  Nice and refreshing. I luved the shell didn't care much for the interior.  

Apples and Red Wine "Freddy Giradet" nice goblets of wine and apples with ice cream on apple purée. 

25 Second Bizcocho. A Cake made in microwave from what I was told. More of technology demo than anything else  

Chocolates.  One was with saffron the other was like the fancy version of aero bar. Nice finish.
We were given a tour of the tiny kitchen in the back and we could see the effort that goes into preparing a 20 course meal. I am not sure they even break even when its all said and done. Maybe its an experimental play ground for the chef.  
I am tempted to give 5 stars but the wine/alcohol selection could have been better. I did enjoy the beer (I first tried it in Vancouver) from Elli  Bulli Chef as it did go well with the course.
The Service was excellent and we were all at ease with each (4 fellow Canucks made it easier for us as well) the chefs even mingled with us afterwards which is a rarity.  
Overall I don't think there were many dishes that stood out but the whole is greater than the sum of its parts going in line with the Cava before dinner (1+1=3).
Its hard to recommend a 250$  a pop meal as value but I guess this one is. Safer than any bet you would make or a show you can see in Las Vegas.
REVIEW #100: e' by Jose Andres.

It is very fitting that e' is my 100th review....a milestone review deserves a special 'reviewee'. From the moment me and my fiancee appeared at the hostess stand outside of Jaleo and she telepathically knew who I was until we floated out in a state of bliss over two and a half hours later...this was by far the most fun I have ever had eating out and I really see this as the future of dining in the U.S. 

Every aspect of this experience was first rate...the food, of course, but also the setting (very Alice in Wonderlandish) and the service...our host and hostess Anthony and Stephanie were fantastic and made an amazing meal even more memorable.

There is no way I am going over every course but I would say 80% were hits with a few misses along the way (totally acceptable, especially since we were introducing some new dishes for the very first time that night). My personal favorites were the secreto of iberico pork (the Wagyu of Pork), the apple 'brazo de gitano', crispy chicken skin in escabeche, maine lobster with citrus and jasmine, and 'apples and red wine'.

The weakest dish I thought was actually the first one.."gin and tonic"...which was essentially a molecular liquid nitrogen version of the classic drink that I don't feel was a good intro to the Spanish-themed meal (they should have stuck with the original sangria one).

The wine pairings were okay except fort the sherry we got at the beginning of the meal...this was my first time experiencing sherry and I am not a fan..but the beer, white rioja, and red, as well as the port, were all decent. 

I loved the golden tickets we got in the mail, the take home printed menu and book mark (so I can always be reminded I spent $514 on this meal....well worth it and I'd do it again in a heartbeat). And at the meal's conclusion we get to sign the guestbook and write comments for Chef Andres to read...like how awesome he is and how he should win the Nobel Peace Prize for what he's done in bringing happiness to us common folk with his amazing food and restaurants. 

Now one thing that puzzles me..me and my fiancee were #693/694...yet I am only the 8th reviewer here on yelp...only 1% of supposedly foodies are reviewing this place on here?!...we need to spread the word people!
I cannot believe I neglected to write this review when we went in April.  I hope I can still do it justice.

First, I give props to my husband who actually put in all the leg work getting these reservations.  NOT EASY.  Involves an entire process of  emailing and lottery system.  We were so lucky to get these seats with our friends.  There are only 8 seats in the whole place, and we were the entire party.  I think that made the atmosphere much more fun.  Not sure how it would be with a bunch of strangers.

You can read other people's blow by blow menu run down, but these are the stand outs for me:

Ajo Blanco - essentially an uni sandwish on an amazingly soft puff bun.  Reminded me of the philly cheesesteak at the Bazaar in LA, but SO MUCH MORE AMAZING.  I love uni.  Maybe I'm biased.

Foie Gras - I love the stuff, can't go wrong.

Iberico Pork - I believe this had huge truffle shavings, bonus.  Unbelievably tender and so tasty.

Apples and Red Wine "Fredy Giradet" - The red wine "sphere" were just fun.  A great juxtaposition with the cold and sweet of the ice cream and apples.

Overall, some great dishes, some ok.  But just as important as the food, is the experience.  The staff was amazing, very friendly, and answered all our questions  Lots of small talk and great conversation.  The cooks were very patient at explaining what they were doing and what was coming out.  Like I mentioned, we knew everyone at our table, so that really helped.  If you can get a group of people, I think they like being able to fill the entire seating at once (perhaps that gave us an edge with our reservation?  I dunno).

Oh, and don't forget the wine and beer pairings.  I'm a light weight, so I may not have appreciated it as much as some, but I get it.  Also, for you non-drinkers, they did offer non-alcoholic pairings (which were sometimes yummier, in my opinion!).
WOW!  One of the top three restaurant meals I have ever had.  

Food: At E, I had the best dish I have ever eaten, crispy chicken skin in escabeche(chicken skin and chicken oyster).  My other favorite dishes of the night were the mini brioche street food sandwich that contained uni and the secreto of Iberico pork.  At most tasting menus, there are a number of dishes that stand out negatively.   At E, I enjoyed every single dish!       

Service: Two servers provide unpretentious, friendly, professional, and flawless service to the eight diners per seating at E.  In addition, the chefs prepare food in front of the diner seating and explain the dishes as they are served.

Reservations: email reserve@ebyjoseandres.com with some dates you are available and they will get back to you.  I was lucky enough to email at the beginning of the week and got a reservation for 2 later in the week!

Cost: They recently changed their menu so food is 160/person.   Drink pairings are around 100, and non-alcoholic drink pairing are around 50.  My dinner for two with drinks was around 650 after tax and gratuity.

Pictures: They let you take camera photos as long as you don't use a flash.
The 22 course chef pairing was simply delicious. The entire staff executed Jose's interpretation of each meal to the utmost perfection in terms of texture, taste, visual appeasement, and for this dining experience. I thoroughly enjoyed the apple "brazo de gitano" and the maine lobster with citrus & jasmine. The dessert were equally tasty with my favorite the orange pith puree la serena. Recommend booking early.
This was truly a show and dinner in one, all the plating for the 22 courses are done right in front of you by the 2 or 3 main chefs, quite an experience!  Our hostess Stephani was great and seated us in Jaleo and gave us the lowdown and let us know about the drink parings, non-alcholic (~$55 -5 drinks), alcoholic (~$110-9 drinks), and there is a complete wine list you can choose from before dining.  Or you can opt for just water.

I got the non-alcholic pairings, some were kind of unique, but it was a letdown after I saw all the cool drinks the alcoholic pairing people were getting.  Get the alky pairings if possible!  There was this cool drink that you drink from a spanish Porron (some special bottle) looked really cool.

Anyways onto the food & show.  We were seated at 8 person, I came with 4 of my friends, booked 2 months in advance.  You get golden tickets maybe 1.5 weeks before your reservation date, they are nice and shiny!

Started off with a special chilled/slushy gin and tonic, made with some liquid nitrogen type techniques.   It tasted pretty good, got some alky although I didn't get the alchoholic parings, nice I like it already!

I could go through all the dishes, but I posted pictures of all of them.  I'll go over my favorites:

Beet Jewelry-  Beautiful presentation and it tasted delicious, they sprinkle some gold dust on top or something.
http://s3yelp3-a.akamaihd.net/bphoto/ODHNmKhaeo5IwGFHFaGH1g/l.jpg 

Jose Taco- Basically a slide of Jamon de iberico de bellota (high end sliced ham from Spain) served wtih caviar on top

Rosemary Wild Mushroom in papilllote- delish mushrooms in a creamy sauce

Secreto of  Iberico Pork- more of this imported pork from spain, not sure what part of the pig it is, but its you get nice juicy thick chunks of it, kind of like a steak.
http://s3yelp3-a.akamaihd.net/bphoto/2zKCVPru5p_1-VFarc0mWw/l.jpg

There were so many other delicious dishes, they used the spherication technique liberally, a few dishes used it, giving you the explosion of liquid in your mouth.

The desserts very unique and innovative, saffron chocolate, some sponge looking one with gold dust, chocolate they put in some liquid nitrogen or something to get very unique texture to it.  So much to say but I suggest you go and try it yourself.

Seeing all the meticulous work required in plating and presentation was quite a show and I ate it up!  I think lots of the food you can also get at The Bazaar in LA, for you so-cal folks.  Special thanks to Mia, one of the chefs, she was great and had a smile the whole time.  

Thanks again to the e staff for the great experience!
This is the perfect restaurant to be my 500th review.  It's an accomplishment, a milestone, an experience--both my 500th review and E, of course.  Every dish, every bite was pure perfection.  The preparation was performance.  The space was unusual and an adventure for the eye.  The biggest mistake we made was not getting the drinks pairing and watching jealously as our co-diners drank seemingly delicious liquids from strange containers.  I can't imagine being in Vegas and not visiting E. every single time.
I was very excited to dine at E by Jose Andres. A few of my friends ate there a couple weeks prior and they really enjoyed their experience. I was anticipating this meal weeks prior. In order to get reservations you need to send an email (reserve@ebyjoseandres.com) up to 1 month in advance. They only serve 8 people per seating and have only 2 seatings per night (5:30pm and 8:30pm).  About a week prior you should receive your golden tickets for entry to the "show". Trust me ,it won't disappoint!

The staff is extremely friendly and well trained. On arrival we were quickly greeted at the entry of Jaleo restaurant. The host, Stephanie, explained the drink options, and left us while we went through the wine menu ( on an iPad). Once our drinks were ordered, she escorted us to a private room where a semi circle table of 8 seats is located. During the meal you enjoy watching the Chefs plate your meal! This is quite an experience, especially because they use many Molecular Gastronomic techniques. The chefs are very precise and meticulous with every dish. In additional to the chef there are 2 additional servers who take care of removing plates after every dish, refilling water, and switching out wine glasses. Service is excellent! Everyone is very attentive and knowledgeable about the cooking methods and wine pairings. There were so many tidbits that I cannot possibly remember everything they told me.

While dining I definitely suggest you try on of the paring options. They have a non-alcoholic pairing ($55) and a traditional wine pairing ($110). Both are very interesting. My mom get the non-alcoholic parings and they very cool. Many of the drinks try to mimic actual alcoholic drinks! I personally ordered the regular wine pairings and though it was a amazing. My favorite was drinking out of a porron (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porron), which was definitely a unique experience. Even if you choose not to do the wine pairings, don't worry a couple drinks are included in the meal. In fact, everyone got two gin and tonic drinks which were prepared very differently.

The food was amazing. Overall there were 20+ dishes. I'd have to say everything was very good. A few of my favorites were the lobster, the iberico ham and the mushrooms in cream sauce. While the food tasted very good, a HUGE part of the experience is enjoying the plating and unique cooking methods. The chefs are very talented and are familiar with cooking methods which are not traditionally taught at culinary school. One of the chefs, Mia, even said that she has learned cooking methods at E which were not taught at the Culinary Institue of America. One of my favorite methods was Spherification (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spherification), in which the use a calcium and an alginate bath to form spheres from liquids. These liquid spheres resemble caviar, but are filled with a flavorful burst when eaten. It is techniques like this that make this a truly memorable experience.

E is one of my top dining experiences. I'd say overall I enjoyed the food at French Laundry more, but the show at E is like no other. Alinea uses some similar cooking techniques, however at E you get to enjoy watching the chefs preform the art of plating!
was really torn about what rating to give E by Jose Andres...but ultimately i had to decide 5-stars b/c the entire experience was pretty amazing!

the food is definitely delicious though and credit definitely goes to the chefs for executing such creative dishes. special standouts to me were the fried chicken skin/oyster and iberico pork dishes. I even tried uni and caviar for the first time! while i enjoyed both and im glad i tried both, i hate to say it but i dont think i have a palate for fancy food like that haha...i really recommend getting the alcoholic pairings for additional ~$110 per person. I think i got 9 or so drinks with the pairing in addition to the already included alcohol dishes on the menu.

The customer service at E is what really impressed me though! from start to finish, it was an awesome experience. after initially sending in my reservation email...I received a response, sent back my form and got my confirmation back within 48 hours. Got my golden tix a few days before my dinner and i was ready to go! upon my arrival to Jaleo, we were escorted to our dining room and the E team is so wonderful, friendly, helpful, and accommodating. Even though the meal is $160-ish a person, the staff didnt make it feel stuffy at all. it was a very casual, relaxed atmosphere and they encouraged us to ask questions and conversate amongst ourselves. 

Stephanie, Mia, Lisa, Alfie (sp?) - thank you so much for a wonderful time! i learned so much, tried so many new food/drinks and had an amazing birthday dinner! is truly a once in a lifetime experience especially since i don't think Justin B's credit card liked that dinner total ;) haha
Pros: Excellent service, interesting presentations, great food
Cons: Expensive ($160 (food) + $120 (drinks pairings) per person)

If you're down for foodie adventures and you're willing to spend some money for great food and service, you should check this place out.

First of all, you have to make a reservation via email (i.e. reserver@ebyjoseandres.com) up to a month in advance.  When it gets close to your reservation date, you get mailed golden tickets (a la Willy Wonka style).

On the day of your reservation, you actually dine in a small room with 8 seats.  All dishes are prepared in front of you.

Here are some notable dishes:

Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - Perfectly seasoned chicken skin and chicken oyster
Uni slider - I love uni. You should too.
Secreto of Iberico pork - It's like the filet mignon of pork. Moist fatty deliciousness

Overall, great experience.  Our servers and the chefs were super nice and willing to answer any questions that diners might have.  The only issue is the food is a little pricey for my tastes.

However, if you're looking to celebrate a special occasion and want to witness molecular gastronomy in person, give this place a try.
Dear Chef Andres, 

The food was incredible from start to finish.  I appreciated how you incorporated modern techniques and whimsical presentations without sacrificing traditional, classic Spanish flavors.  I also loved the look and feel of the room.  But the highlight of this meal was not the food, nor was it the room.  It was the lead chef who presented the meal to us.  I cannot remember her name, but she is the short, bubbly, brunette who is from Puerto Rico and previously worked at Bouchon in Las Vegas.  Her passion and enthusiasm for your food is infectious.  I have never met anyone who loves what they do more than this chef.  I don't know if you've ever had the chance to see her interacting with diners, but she is an absolute natural and you should make sure she is a part of the E family for a long, long time.  

Thanks again for a wonderful evening.
I"m not going to talk to you about prices, the prices change, if you want up to date information on the pricing, email them.  Their reservation and email information is also easy to find so I'll let you do that on your own too.  What I will tell you about is an experience that no foodie should miss if they have an opportunity to get to Las Vegas.

Let me start with getting a reservation.  No frustrating phone call every day at X time, just send a nice email and you can go back and forth with the wonderfully helpful staff until you arrive at a date (I'd book the date first, then plan the rest of the trip so if you don't get the date you want the first time out, it doesn't crush your plans).  Every interaction with the entire staff through the entire experience is wonderful, they really do want you there and it shows.
 
When we arrived we were greeted like we were the most important people in the world.  We waited at the bar for the other guests to arrive, and were given the wine list to browse through and discuss before the 'fun' began.  Once all the guests had arrived, they gathered us and led us into the room, yes it is a separate room.  They attempted to have us sit on the end (one of our party has a food allergy) however the couple that entered first foiled the plan, no worries, Stephanie managed to instantly alert the rest of the staff to the switch up so effectively we didn't even catch the information being relayed.

Each item you see, touch, smell, or taste is purposefully though out, every single experience your senses have during your 2-3 hour time at E was planned.   The room is meant to represent the inner workings of Jose's mind, I'll let you enjoy that on your own, I am sure everyone gets something different from the room.  Suffice it to say that it is both artsy, comfortable and functional.  The seating is in a U shape, but not too tight, finally we have a bit of room to be comfortable in (ever eat at Mini Bar, or Table 21?  You'll know what I mean).

The food, ahh the food.  Did you get this far and think I would say it sucked?  Heck no, it was amazing.  If this is your first experience in molecular gastronomy you picked a great place to start.  If this isn't your first MG experience, welcome, I think this will make your top 3 in the United States. 

As a DC native I always want to see our local restaurants be the best, and we do have the precursor to E here in DC, by Jose` Andres even.  It pains me to say, but yes, E was hands down better than Mini Bar in everything from making a reservation, friendliness of staff, the actual space for the experience and the food itself, was all better at E.  I can't wait to go back.
What an unforgettable experience! On our last trip to Vegas, we didn't catch any shows on stage but I definitely didn't feel like I missed out because this dinner is a show in itself!

Service was excellent. The stars were our hostess and the lead chef. They had such warm personalities and made us feel very welcome. Our meal was presented with explanations of each dish and beverage. You can tell that the staff takes pride in their work and the food. I enjoyed watching each dish being prepared because the chefs are so artful in designing some of the more complicated plates.

One person in our group had major food allergies/intolerances (seafood and various fruits) and had a self-proclaimed unrefined palate. I was pretty worried that he wouldn't enjoy the meal but I think he loved it more than I did! There were a few substitutions made for his meal which still tasted excellent.

Before I ate here, I wasn't sure if 22 courses/bites was a lot or a little. There were mixed opinions online, so just in case, I ate most of what was on each plate for the first few courses. Halfway through, I was already full. To give you an idea of my maximum stomach capacity, it's about the size of a Chipotle burrito bowl (or Barbarito's or Moe's Southwest if you don't have Chipotle near you or know what it is). I was able to finish the rest of the meal but I definitely had food coma afterward. It is a LOT of food. Especially desserts. There are a ton of desserts. Mmmmmm...

My favorite dishes: beet jewelry, gypsy arm, gin and tonic apéritif, chicken oyster, uni mini sandwich, watermelon sangria bite, Freddy Giradet dessert, and fizzy paper.

The drinks were excellent too. I got to try both the alcoholic and non alcoholic pairings. Hands down, the non alcoholic pairings are better, and more memorable (not to mention less expensive). My favorites were the cucumber and beet (?) drink and citrus juice with "beer froth" on top.

Definitely one of the most memorable experiences in Vegas.
**************************  300TH  REVIEW**************************************

A cube of perfectly done torchon of FOIE GRAS, wrapped in COTTON CANDY, topped with crushed CORN NUTS....Sound crazy? That's the first taste of perfection that I've ever experienced from the deconstructive, outside-of-the-box thinking mind of Chef Jose' Andre's
which was about 7-8 years ago, just when the modernist/molecular gastronomy movement was starting to catch fire.

I've been a huge fan ever since that first encounter, and when I heard he was coming to the Cosmo and setting up a "Restaurant inside of his restaurant", This was immediately bookmarked for a very special occasion. I made reservations for our Anniversary(September 1st)and within a couple of weeks, we were set, Golden Tickets and all!!!

Our hostess for the evening, Stephani came out to greet us and busts out the i-pad wine list to help us decide on our drinking preferences in addition to the $160-Dinner only price ($105 for the alcoholic beverage pairings-6 wines, a beer, and 2 cocktails) pairing or $55 for the non-alcoholic beverage pairing)I decided to go "all-in" and get the total package...my wifey and I shared it with each course and it worked out perfectly. If you're reading this and you are VERY SERIOUS about dining here, trust me, and get the alcohol pairings for the ultimate experience....

The time has come, and we are led back to the restaurant, and as you step inside the theater/dining room/laboratory, you are directed to a U-shaped counter where you will enjoy your dinner and a show in one for the next 2.5 hours. This room has to be the most whimsical, yet entertaining and inviting room I've ever had a meal in- card catalogs along either side of the wall decorated with antiques and trinkets Chef Andres has collected from Spain and Las Vegas, a vintage typewriter that Stephani uses to type out your bill at the end of the evening...a red face with a devilish grin, a boustier from an actual showgirl, and a pair of high heels going up a ladder!?!?!?...This room is a reflection of chef Andres' mind....

As we are seated, we are given some Cava ( Gran Riserva La Ticota,2006) which is presented in a Perron, a drinking vessel for wine commonly used in Spain-no glasses needed, just tilt your head back and point the spout directly into your mouth-Totally cool and tasty!

We were given a total of 23 different tastings, and  they were in this order:

1) Frozen Gin and Tonic(Our "welcome" drink)-prepared right before your eyes using liquid  nitrogen, slushy,citrusy, and refreshing way to awaken the palette of what's ahead.

Jose's "Snacks":

2) Spanish "Clavel" or Carnation in English, was a thin, delicate crisp in the form of a carnation with fruity, floral notes which was presented on an actual cast of Chef Andres' hand

3) Beet Jewelry-thin strands of beets coiled around and dehydrated to a crisp, tasting almost exactly like Terra beet chips and garnished with some edible silver lustre dust. Stephani had mentioned that in the old days, beets were used to trade for jewelry in Spain.

4) Caramelized Pork Rinds(Chicharrones)- These came looking like french fries and had a good savory/caramel taste with a nice crunch to it.

Jose's "Tapas":

5) Apple Brazo de Gitano("Gypsy's Arm") A cylinder of dehydrated apple meringue filled with a bleu cheese espuma topped with a praline cream, a "cheese plate" in 2-3 bites.

6) Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche- A very plump chicken oyster(that "nugget" of chicken you find in a chicken thigh) in escabeche sauce on a very crispy sheet of chicken skin topped with thyme air and powdered thyme,  I let out a little laugh as I was shaking my head.
enjoying all the textures and flavors of this 2-bite tasting.

7) Jose's Taco- A slice of the king of pork, Iberico de Bellota, or "The black-footed pig that was fully acorn fed") topped with a dollop of Rio Frio caviar(sustainable Sturgeon) I was still coming off that high from the previous tasting, I rolled that bad boy up and ate it all up without remembering to get a photo:( luckily, there are pictures posted from other yelpers:)

8) Artichoke with Caviar-Crisp and creamy artichoke heart topped with a fried quail egg and also topped with Rio Frio caviar, another very tasty bite.

9) Bocata de "Calamares"- Chef Andres grew up near the ocean, and enjoyed fried calamari sandwiches as a childhood favorite. In his version, Uni (Sea Urchin Roe) replaces the calamari, and is prepared "rebosado" or egg battered and flash fried, served on a brioche bun with cucumbers, green onions, and aioli. I LOVE anything 
uni, and wifey's not a big fan, BUT she loved this tasting as well.

We enjoyed the above tastings with a very prized Sherry, Hidalgo Pastrana Manzanilla Pasada.

10) "Sandria"- So we finished up the tapas round with a last bite of sandia(watermelon) that had been compressed with sangria, hence the name which Chef Andres playfully suggested.
Hope I don't need a third page!!!! Here it goes......

11) Ajo Blanco- Classially made with garlic, this version was,  made with almonds and other components included a tomato-manzanilla granita, Pedro Ximenez "noodles" made from agar-agar, marcona almonds and almond dust, diced grapes, and micro greens. Very refreshing soup.

12) Lobster with Citrus and Jasmine- Perfectly done lobster with a lemon pith puree, citrus pieces and zest, lobster head sauce, and jasmine foam. Chef Andres wanted the diner to experience a little "Spanish Summer" with the essence of jasmine. This was paired beautifully with Estrella Damm Inedit, a beer from the proprietors of El Bulli, Ferran Adria and Juli Soler. Definitely one of the favorites among everyone.

13) Chickpea Stew with Iberico Ham- Chef Andres' take on Chickpea Stew consisted of an Iberico sauce from rendered iberico ham fat, chickpea "spheres",  diced iberico ham fat, and chorizo and parsley oils. (Tasting 13 was paired with a Rioja, R.Lopez de Heredia Vina Tondonia Riserva, 2000)

14) Catch of the day- A meaty piece of Turbot was cooked to perfection and paired with charred green onion oil, micro shiso, arugula, citrus"pearls" and black garlic. (Tasting 14 was paired with a Galgueira Godello, NV)

15) Rosemary Wild Mushrooms in Papillote- Morels and Chantrelles were cooked in a heat-proof plastic pouch with a flavorful mushroom broth and a mushroom cream sauce topped with a rosemary air.

16)Secreto of Iberico Pork- Our third tasting containing this prized Spanish black footed pig, this time was prepared with a rarely used, uncured cut behind the shoulder of the pig. I am pretty sure it was prepared sous vide(cooking food in a tightly sealed plastic bag at a controlled temperature resulting in even cooking and a juicier product)
 Presented on a slate plate(Spain's hillsides contain alot of slate, and another element Chef Andres wanted to incorporate)It was a perfect medium rare and tasted like a juicy steak and came with some chicken glace and chantrelles. One of my favorite tastings of the evening.(Tastings 15 and 16 were paired with another Rioja, Vina Ardanza Riserva Especial, 2001)

17) Orange Pith Puree La Serena( Cheese Course)- Torta de La Serena is a soft sheep's milk cheese and was served with a orange pith puree, candied pimpkin seeds and pumpkin oil. The cheese paired perfectly with the Casta Diva Alicante Muscat, 2008.

18) Apples and Red Wine "Freddy Giradet"( First Dessert) consisted of grenache poached apples, red wine "spheres" apple puree, vanilla ice cream and micro mint.This was Chef Andres' interpretation of appples and wine.

19) Frozen Apricot Coulant-(Second Dessert)- Cold fruity exterior and a amaretto-almond toffee caramel inside, this dessert also came with Spanish olive oil, yogurt espuma, and edible marigold petals. (Tastings 18 and 19 were enjoyed with a "Fisherman's Coffee", a drink of reduced rum and coffee.)

20-23) Fizzy Paper, 25-Second Hazelnut Bizcocho, "Crema Catalana" and "Air Chocolates"(Finale of sweet bites) The fizzy paper was like a pop rocks sheet, the bizcocho(25 seconds in the microwave)  was very soft and creamy inside, the crema catalana was a very sinful bite, and the chocolates were light and delicate. 

We were also able to sign a little black "guestbook" and express our thoughts of the evening - wifey and I were Diners #1551 and #1552... a couple of cappucinos and a gin and tonic ended our
awesome evening. A very big MAHALO to Stephani, Mia,  Kathy, Lisa and the two gentlemen(forgot your names!) for a very memorable evening!

Before you go:

Hours: Wed-Sat, 5:30pm and 8;30pm
This is an interactive experience...feel free to ask questions and conversate with the staff
Cameras are allowed-No flash photography
Savor each bite!!!
Get the beverage pairing, you won't be disappointed
Check out video clips on Spherification, Sous Vide, and other Modernist cooking techniques to get an idea of what the chefs will be explaining to you.

**IF YOU'RE A PICKY EATER OR DON'T HAVE AN OPEN MIND, THIS PLACE AIN'T FOR YOU!**

e'..............Now THAT isThe Cosmopolitan's best kept secret, NOT the pizzeria!!!! ALOHA!!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(39/365) "Cosmo's best kept secret"
This was one of the best food evenings I have ever spent.  I made my reservation through their process about a month ago.  While I originally requested the 5:30 seating, there was a singleton space for the 8:30 so I went for it.

I showed up about 8:05 and handed my gold ticket to them.  I was then escorted to the bar where I had some ice water and started to meet my dining mates for the evening - Greg and Lindsey from Glasgow, Scotland.

At about 8:40, we were escorted into the separate dining area that has a horseshoe shaped table with 8 seats.  Behind the table was the staff ready to greet us, tell us a few rules, and encourage us to ask questions about anything.  Then the dinner started.

Over the next three hours, the staff made some of the most creative, tasty, and beautifully plated dishes I have experienced.  Since the room seats 8 people only, generally four servers each took 2 plates so all 8 of us were served in unison.  I had the non-alcohol drink paring which gave me a chance to have spirit-like drinks along with the other diners.  And in two instances, my food or drink was not laced with alcohol but with lemonade or some other substitute.

Each of the 20+ courses was explained.  We often had questions about technique, ingredients, or other matters.  One of the chefs came out of the kitchen to explain the red mushroom we enjoyed and explained why it was red and whence it came.

The staff is amazing.  They are friendly, always smiling, and always enjoying what they do.  I really felt that I was a valued visitor.

The room - oh it's quite different.  Two walls are lined with card catalog boxes to represent the knowledge Andrés has built up in his mind over the years.  There's a bustier which know one explained on the wall and a ladder with high heels on the rungs.  Very creative and innovative!

Midnight was almost upon us as we finished the dessert courses.  We then signed the guest book - I was diner #1693.  I then passed the book to Lindsey to sign and so we went around the table.

I recommend this to anyone who wants to try something very different and wants to find out about molecular gastronomy.  It was truly a very delicious and memorable evening.  All the staff at é made it outstanding with food and service!
Let me start out by saying that I'm not a huge fan of Jose Andres' restaurants in general, but this is the best of the 3 i've tried (Jaleo & Bazaar being the other 2 of his restaurants I've tried).  The experience is very unique.  They send you golden tickets in the mail, which you present for entry in front of Jaleo.  They escort you to the private room of Jaleo, where it's "bar style" seating.  There are only 2 seatings per night, with 8 people per seating.  The decorations in the room are supposed to represent Jose Andres' mind and each dish is inspired by something from his past/memory but with a twist to it. Cool concept. (For example, Jose Andres used to eat calamari sandwiches w/ his family at the beach when he was young, so he used that idea as a course, but thought it would taste good with uni (aka sea urchin), so the course was a sea urchin sandwich instead).  Of course the waitresses explain this narration to you...I didn't make it up.. 

What's interesting about this tasting menu compared to other restaurants is that they mix in "alcoholic drinks" as a course...and there are quite a few of these alcoholic courses.  The first course is "gin & tonic."  Let me tell you, for a light weight, this thing is STRONG...and made me buzzed on my empty stomach (haha).  22 courses total, all presented very intricately.  My favorites that stood out were: crispy chicken skin in escabeche, apple brazo de gitano (this meringue cylinder filled with light cheese-melts in your mouth), and a white "soup." called Ajo Blanco.

Each course looks very beautiful, but not every course tastes as amazing as it looks.  For example, the desserts at the end were only ok.  Some were better than others (best was apples & red wine), but the finale was disappointing.  The finale featured this sponge (not much flavor), fizzy paper (light, crunchy w/ citrus flavor), and chocolate air.  I did NOT like the chocolate air at all.  It was light in weight, but when you bite into it,  it's dense. The flavor isn't that good; it reminds me of stale chocolate.  Not a fan...took a bite..did not finish it.  My friend seemed to like it though, and ate it for me.  

As for alcoholic pairing, I didn't do it, but I saw others do it.  It's A LOT of alcohol.  You definitely need a high tolerance to consider adding it (or maybe share one pairing between 2 people).  The non-alcoholic pairing is not worth it.  The drinks didn't pair that well with the food and some of the drinks weren't that good (they looked pretty, but not that tasty).  For example, they had this watermelon spice drink...I don't know about you, but i like refreshing drinks..this one tasted funky and left a spice kick in my mouth...no bueno.  

Overall, great dining experience.  It's like watching a show when they prepare your food.  The total experience lasts about 3 hours.  If you have a low tolerance like me, you might even leave buzzed (one of the desserts has rum in it & is STRONG).  Definitely fun & unique, but in terms of food quality overall, it's just good, not amazing.
jose andres is really on the top of the game.... Bazaar /SAAM are just amazing in LA...and e is another great performance.
So satisfying, so focused, and the entire experience is well orchestrated.

Not every dish has to be a hit...but the overall experience arc should work together to ramp up and climax and then get a resolution.  And this is what Jose Andres has been good at.
very simple and creative and non-conventional.

Even if the food can be simple, but the method of consuming it was unique makes the experience memorable.

From the wine pairing to desserts....this dinner was very enjoyable and refreshingly surprising.

Definitely worth another visit next year when they change the menu.  

I cant wait.
Well, what can I say that hasn't been said below??  This is as good as it gets, as in my best dining experience EVER.  As others have stated, the food is indeed inspired, beautiful, and playful but it is really all about the entire experience that makes e so unforgettable!

Stephanie is fantastic, along with her crew and all the participating chefs.  It was one of the first times that I have dined somewhere so upscale, yet so unpretentious.  The "bar" setup allowed for great conversations between the 8 diners, really lending to the whole communal experience that Jose Andres enjoys.  

To sound simplistic, this was incredibly fun.  Yes it was expenisve and is exclusive, but once you are there it doesn't feel that way.  It is just so very enjoyable and relaxed and mindblowing all at the same time.

In short, it was well worth emailing at 3:01AM EST to assure a spot at this table.  I would (and will) do it again the next time in Vegas.
é by José Andrés is gastronomic theatre. It's very ying-yang with its serious playfulness, its subtle flamboyance and its down-to-earth sophistication. We couldn't have had a more wonderful intimate evening with six complete strangers.

We were visiting Las Vegas pretty much last-minute (3 weeks away) and so, we emailed Stephanie (she takes care of reservations) with a list of nights we would be in town. Within a few days we received a response and got our reservation for the 8:30PM second seating on a Thursday night. I believe the best strategy for getting a reservation at this eight seat restaurant is to offer as many time and day possibilities as you can, being flexible certainly can't hurt. We were lucky and actually ended up getting our preferred night.

The very talented and enthusiastic Chef Mia
Arriving, I felt a little like I was going on a first date. What would it be like, can I take pictures, who will we be dining with? All was answered within a few moments when we sat down at the "waiting" table with other guests for the evening. We all quickly started an excited conversation about other José Andrés experiences we have had, and we all agreed we were not likely to be disappointed tonight.

Our seating was running a little late and our host came over to offer us something to drink while we waited and to introduce herself to us. Stephanie, who, it turned out, was learning to speak Spanish through Rosetta Stone, was having a very impressive conversation with 4 of the guests who were visiting from Spain.

The menu at é is set, usually between 20 and 22 courses which can be paired with an alcohol or nonalcoholic beverage service. Alternatively, one could choose to order a bottle of wine. We chose to enjoy the alcohol pairing, the four guests from Spain ordered a bottle of wine and a couple from Oregon went with the nonalcoholic pairings. This was perfect because we all shared a little taste of everything we were served to drink; that's the side effect of such an intimate dining experience.

There has been a lot already discussed about the menu items at é, and I have to say that I enjoyed 90% of the 20 courses  served. Our chef, Mia, was very young, but it was inspiring to see such talent and passion from her! In fact, the entire staff was wonderful, and interacted with all of us diners in a very casual, yet very professional manner.

If you pass by the é door during one of the two seatings, it is almost guaranteed you will hear joyous laughter and often the exclamation "oh my god, this reminds of my childhood!"
Made it to E on Sept 2nd, 2011.  Get to this restaurant.  It's worth the wait/money/chance/effort to eat here.  20 servings, most of which I loved.  When you have that many servings, you are not going to like/love everything, it's impossible.   Loved most, loved that when you get the alcohol pairing, it is part of the meal as well.  Started with frozen Gin and Tonic, hated gin, but I love it now.   Where E feels better than all, is that you have a host that takes you thru the dinner and wine/cocktail/beer pairings.  The atmosphere was so comfortable that the entire evening was an event as opposed to dinner.  At anytime you can talk to the people plating the food, and talk to the host, and they felt so comfortable with you as their guests, it was like you were at your friends house for dinner.   The only pretentious thing may be the other diners and with groups of 8 only twice nightly you should be in good company.  We were in a group of 4, another cool couple from D.C., and a couple from Los Angeles.    4 people with pairing will be about 360.00 per person incl tip.  If you can do it....do it, it lasts about 3 hours and you will depart fulfilled.  5 Stars is for overall experience.  Food is amazing, but don't expect to like everything, but the people that present and feed you are why this restaurant is a must.
Dammit, e', you suck. Besides the fact that I still don't know how to pronounce you, you've ruined me. You've ruined any five star rating I could possibly give because none of them will really be able to compete. Yes, this includes the five stars I gave to Popeye's whose chicken is dabombandyoucanallsuckitifyoudisagreebecauseIvebeenknowntoeatanentire10pieceboxinasinglesittingbitches.

Even then, five stars to Popeye'e and five stars to e'? That doesn't seem quite right. Six stars to e'? Wait a sec. Ten piece box of spicy chicken for $8.99? 20 course meal at e' for....a mortgage payment?

OK, I guess things equal out in the end.

Yeah, this isn't an everyday kind of meal place. It's a special occasion, once-in-blue-moon-and-if-that-moon-were-rich-and-crapped-gold-in-your-lap kind of place. We didn't care though. It was my birthday and my wife wanted to see me happy. She sure enough saw me grin through the foodiest douchebaggiest experience of both of our lives and my wife rules.

I won't go into too many details since most Yelpers have repeated them ad nauseum. My dishes were pretty similar to most others with the exception of the ever-changing "Catch of the Day." (Ours was turbot for the record.)

The chicken skin was memorable. The secreto of iberico ham rave-worthy. But it was the "chickpea" stew that made me actually swear a series of expletives into my bowl. I believe I was quoting the celebrated poet Lord Byron when I muttered into my bowl, "You've got to be fucking kidding me" and "I'd eat this shit off of Bin Laden's bloated, decaying corpse."

There are only eight seats, sidled up to a high-top bar. I think that a diner's experience would depend heavily on their surrounding companions. Fortunately, after a few courses (and some flowing wine), we all warmed up to one another. Jose Andres is famous for encouraging diners to play with their food and play we did. Observations were made and notes were shared. "What did you think of this?" and "Could you taste the jasmine in the foam? So did I!" 

One of us had the vegetarian option and she described in detail her obviously different experience. My glutarded wife requested the gluten-free option and she did the same for the others. I and one other had sprung for the full alcohol pairing, but after the ninth pairing, what seemed to us a cogent and eloquent discourse in which we deconstructed every layer, aroma, and lovingly created component for our dining companions was most likely, when I think back on it, a couple of guys who sounded like the Hulk and Cookie Monster trying to read a restaurant review out of Parade magazine. None of us cared though because we had a ball. Yes, your individual experiences may vary, so I hope for your sake, you get a fun group.

The service was professional and precise. The staff introduced each meal and fielded questions. They were upfront when needed, stayed in the background when not.

A few final notes: 1) You get to take home a menu, which answers the question, "How do all these Yelpers remember what they ate to put in their reviews?" 2) You also get to keep your golden ticket. We actually never received ours in the mail, but they made sure we walked away with a couple. 3) the coffee is not part of the meal. You'll be charged for it. Nothing in Vegas is free, yo. Stupid coffee. 4) If you're on an iPhone, good luck checking in. Or doing anything on that phone for that matter. This restaurant exists in an AT&T blackhole. If you're meeting friends afterwards, make sure your plans are well-defined beforehand. 5) We never got to sign the guest book. In fact, this last note is my only gripe in an otherwise perfect night. Guestbook, man, guestbook! How can I prove I was there?! I mean, other than the pictures. And receipt. Oh and the menus and golden ticket.

All right, just forget I said anything.
4.5+ stars

Ratings aren't really fair -- it truly was a very memorable experience. Service was outstanding. It really was theater -- food ranged from outstanding to very good.

One of my more memorable food experiences. Now if we could just get the restaurants in DC by Jose Andres to operate at par with his Vegas outposts.
This is a restaurant inside of a restaurant, how tricky is that? But me oh my, this place will knock your socks off. The food was truly phenomenal and the service was even better.

Some of the stand out dishes:

Chicken oysters on chicken rind - I've never had chicken oysters but this has turned me into a HUGE fan of them. I would have to say this was probably top 3

Citrus lobster - cooked perfectly and the air (not foam, as the chefs can explain if you like) was absolutely delicious. I was scraping at my plate to get every last drop of flavor off of there.

Pork with squid and parsley air - The squid actually complemented the pork really well the air gave just a light touch of parsley flavor

Rosemary wild mushrooms - At first I was confused as to whether we could eat the bag, but don't. They'll cut it open for you so that you can drink up that delicious broth. If I could get this broth, I would cook everything in it. I would even just drink it as a plain soup. 

All of the desserts were just top notch and so creative! Never would have expected a lemon fizzy paper! When it touches your tongue, it almost feels as how pop rocks feel which was pretty cool.

I could go on and on about all of the dishes, but Nelson Q. has already done an amazing job describing each dish.

I will say that there were some dishes I wasn't a huge fan of, but everyone has different tastes. You are bound to love at least 1/3 of the dishes and the staff is extremely accommodating to any food allergies, etc.

I recommend getting the drink pairings, both alcoholic and non alcoholic. I thought they were a nice finishing touch to each little morsel and one of the wines was just so much fun to drink! Who would have thought of pouring wine out of a strangely shaped flask directly into the mouth would be so tasty? Definitely not for the clumsy though.

Even if the don't find yourself loving the food, this place is well worth the experience. If you're making a reservation for this place, you probably already know it will make a dent in your wallet. But this place sure knows how to make a memorable dinner.
This may be the best dining experience currently available in Las Vegas.

You have to e-mail to get reservations - a couple gold tickets showed up in our mailbox about a week prior.  This little sub-restaurant is in a small room behind the bar - eight bar stools around a curving counter, all facing the action.

They call it a performance, and it really is - the preparation of the meal is well choreographed - pacing is very quick.  Service was good, personal and friendly.

The food uses a lot of molecular techniques, and is based on Spanish cuisine.  Others have written about specific courses.  I thought the flavors were excellent and the preparations were playful.  It is just a wonderful experience to see it all plated in front of you and be able to talk with the chefs about it as they perform.

They mentioned that this is a sister restaurant of Minibar in DC.

There is one choice you have to make - you can get an alcoholic pairing or a non-alcoholic pairing with the food.  Both pairings were creative and interesting, and we were surprised that no other couple chose to order both.

Anyway.  Just go here.  It's awesome.
Best dining experience of my life! Sent my email, received my golden tickets and enjoyed some of the best cooking theater of my life! I don't want to ruin it so I'm going to stop talking....GO!! RIGHT NOW!! GOOO!!!!!!
a wonderful experience. perfect balance of presentation/ texture, wine pairing, and foodie staff who help us plan out 3 meals next day
Ok I am writing this review a little late...because my wife always teases me about eating somewhere and then saying I would write a review, and I never get around to it.  So here we go...

I came across this Minibar esque restaurant via some advice back in May (btw I ate here in May), from my brother.  Since I have been at almost all of TFG's resaturant I wanted to try this tasting bar tucked behind the Las Vegas Jaleo.  I had concierge call to get me a seating so I did not get to enjoy the wonderful golden tiket to make you feel like you are about to enter Willy Wonka's factory.  But all the wonderful surprises made up for that small detail.

This sea urchin sandwich still makes my mouth water...I also really enjoyed the super crispy chicken skin that came out.  This squid cracker was exceptional and I have to admit that all the dishes were perfect.  The desserts with the minute pound cake inspired from Albert Adria was also a little treat.  

To make the experience even better Jose Andres was in house that day, and came around to check on some other guests from Spain.  It was good to see him that day and made the experience even more enjoyable.  

The price tag is a little high but if you have a chance to get the reservations then I would definitely suggest going and savoring the unique dishes from Spain with the avante garde preparation.
We came for dinner on the Friday before Christmas and it was a cool experience. First of all, you can only get a reservation by e-mail at midnight PST 30 days before you want to go. Those are a lot of rules for eating in Las Vegas, but it was worth it. There are only 8 seats and we were able to get 6 of them. The whole experience is 3 hours and it was pretty cool.

We started with a frozen gin and tonic, which had a weird flavor. There was lime and citrus but the gin and tonic were frozen into an ice ball. Snacks were up next and the first dish was called Flower, which was a raspberry purée and petals made of raspberry. It looked cool and tasted cool and was served on a plate that was shaped like Jose Andres' hand. Then came the beet ring, which was a very delicate ring that had beet flavor with gold specks on top. I'm not sure what would possess someone to create a beet ring but it was good. My favorite snack was the Chicaronnes, which were honey glazed and perfectly crunchy. 

The appetizer portion of the meal was next. The first dish was called the Gypsy's arm, which was a green apple and blue cheese meringue. The meringue was light and fluffy but the blue cheese and apple were tart. Then came the nitrogen almond cup, which was topped with caviar. They then served crispy chicken skin with escabeche sauce and topped with thyme foam. The skin was perfect and the foam was thymy (which is probably not a word but should be). The jamon Iberico topped with caviar was salty, fatty and great. The meat was perfectly cured and with the caviar, it was a great bite. The coolest looking appetizer was Ferran Adria's olive. It was an olive purée with a membrane on outside and olive liquid on the inside. The final appetizer was the bocata del calamari, which was a fried uni sandwich with cucumber. The sandwich was delicious.

Our next molecular alcoholic drink was a white sangria made with cava that came in a membrane. It reminded me of the olive, except alcoholic and very strong.

Next our show moved on to the dinner portion of the menu. We started with an artichoke purée, which were artichoke hearts topped with black truffles and an artichoke purée. This dish was good, but the truffles were amazing. Next came the lobster, which was fresh and cooked perfectly and served with a side jasmine foam and citrus fruits. The chickpea stew had a rich and fatty base and had chickpeas made of chickpea essence with a membrane on outside to make the essence into a chickpea shape. The mushrooms in paper were served with rosemary foam, white truffle topping. There were chanterelle and porcini mushrooms cooked in a rich and creamy broth, topped with rosemary foam. This dish was great. Next came the turbot plate. The turbot was cooked perfectly with crispy skin on one side and tender fish. There was also bone marrow in puff pastry topped with caviar. This was an awesome compliment to the fish. Next came the salt baked foie gras. When I ate it, I thought to myself, "This is how food should taste all the time". It was perfect. The last main course was an Iberico ham steak with squid a la pancha and parsley air. The pork was chewy and had a nice taste. The squid and sauce were great.

Finally we had the desserts and cheeses. The cheese was called torta de la Serena and was served with toasted bread and a sweet sauce. Next we had flan with oranges and ice, which was a light dessert as most of it was ice. The oranges were bitter but the ice added texture to the dish.There was and edible flower and a caramel on the flan. There was a panko un chocolate, which was crunchy, creamy, bread and chocolate together. The arroz con leche was cold rice pudding with a sticky outside. A great treat was the chocolate truffle, which was chocolate on outside but truffles on inside. This was pretty light and very tasty. Finally we had the 25 second bis coco, which was light and springy and the citrus paper which was crunchy and sour.

The meal was expensive, the service was spectacular, and the setting was intimate. If you get a reservation, you should go. It is worth every penny.
The best meal ever - I realize I said that once but this is my new best. It made me want to cry tears of joy. If there's anyway you can afford this then do yourself a favor and go!! You won't get a golden ticket with last minute reservations. Try one alcohol & one non-alcohol pairing for the most variety. Ask questions and keep an open mind. Vegetarian options looked awesome!  I won't say more, since people have already detailed everything - but seriously, go...book a two day trip around your reservation and enjoy.  Keep an open mind.
I've dined at E three times, with my first visit February 8th of 2011.  I'm not going over the food, there are too many people here who have done the food much better justice with pictures to boot.  I just have a bone to pick with anyone who rates this place less than 5 stars for any reason.  You dine here for $250 per person.  The price includes all the described courses of food, accompanying wines, tip, and tax.  If you can find an experience anywhere in the world that comes close in inventiveness, attention to detail in food and service, and sheer volume of food and drink, I'd love to hear it.  Because it's fictional.  There is nothing in the states or overseas that even comes close. Taste is subjective, and each of us may find a fault through difference of individual taste.  I'm a chef from Phoenix, and I feel privileged to have a place this good within a short drive.  If you've dined at E, you've had an experience as close to perfect as I can even define.  I used to dine at Bar Charlie while it was still open, and I've dropped over a grand there for dinner for two without hesitation.  If you've got a complaint about E over price or value, you're just plain nuts.
We had reservations for Friday Feb 10th. We had followed all the rules for getting the reservation (emailed at midnight on Jan. 10th). When we were told we had the reservation a few days later we immediately sent in the confirmation form with credit card info.  All was set. Then on January 21st we received an email saying that our dinner reservation happens to fall on "Valentine's Weekend" so they are going to charge an additional $100 per person. And were we okay with that? So to recap: we followed their rules, made the reservation and then they decided to just change the rules. We're not naive--they will of course easily fill the spot at the new price ($250 per person before the $155 per person wine service.) so essentially they don't have to care whether we say yes or no. There's a line long of folks eager to take our place.

But that doesn't make it okay.  It is unconscionable to treat people like this.  I realize this is Vegas and money is all that talks. But on some level doesn't this scream about the lack of professionalism? Jose Andres is a great chef, but he should be ashamed of the business culture he has given his name to. We canceled. No meal, no matter how delicious can make up for being treated with such indifference.
If you're a foodie you'll love it. Don't worry about the price, just enjoy the food.
A tour de force of Spanish cuisine.  

A meal at E is a dining experience capturing the excitement and joy of discovery through food and conversation.  This exclusive restaurant within a restaurant is a tapas bar on steroids.  Modernist cuisine at its finest as molecular gastronomy collides with traditional techniques.  This is one of the greatest foodie adventures bar none.

There is no menu.  The offerings change with the seasons.  Unfortunately, the incredible salt crusted foie from the fall of 2011 is not a part of the current winter 2012 offering.  All good.  

The ingredients are incredible.  From selections of sublime, umame packed cured ham to the sweet earthiness of roasted Iberico pork to the salty brininess of quality caviar everything works to create flavor explosions.

Sure, every course may not be to your liking but with the huge number of courses, you are sure to find something you can't live without.  The progression of dishes is very bold.  Courses compete with one another, with each making a bolder statement than the last.  Utterly incredible.  

Desert lovers rejoice, the meal ends with multiple deserts.  The only way to describe them is WOW!

Opt for the wine pairing.  The selections tie the meal together perfectly.  

The entire evening is engaging.  You watch the chefs prepare and plate the majority of dishes right in front of you.  Conversation between the chefs and your fellow guest is encouraged.  It is an extremely social meal.  Just wait until you start sharing wine from the porron.  Unintentionally missing your mouth and pouring wine on your face and down your neck is a real ice breaker.

There is only one way to make a reservation at E, through email.  Don't bother calling the Cosmo.  They can't help you.  Send an email request to reserve@ebyjoseandres.com with the number of your party (not to exceed eight), and a range of dates and times.  A restaurant manager will respond and ask about any food allergies and dietary restrictions.  If your restrictions can be met and if there are openings, your invitation will be confirmed.  You will receive your golden tickets via SNAIL MAIL.  Bring them with you.

Probably the best $250 you will spend at a top restaurant anywhere.

An open mind and open heart?  You will have the time of your life.  Highly recommended!
Last Saturday evening four of us were treated to the meal of our life at E. From the moment we were greeted to the last bite on leaving it was just extraordinary. I would like to start with the staff...engaging yet invisible, knowledgeable yet not the least bit condescending, and above all great smiles and eager to make our evening memorable. 
Next is the food quality...so ridiculously good As to be other worldly! Every course was another adventure into exquisite taste never before matched. To top it off, presentation with Brett and Catherine's attention to the most minute detail was unprecedented in my 58 years of dining!
Thank you Jose Andres for bringing this experience to Vegas....we can't wait to get back.
I was nervous about this place, as I got my confirmation via email for my reservation (see other yelp reviews for details on how to get reservation), and it congratulated me and invited me to the "show". Whenever a restaurant refers to itself as a "show", I fear that it will be significantly more pretentious than necessary. Well, they were right. It is a show. An amazing show. They captivate you from the moment you go into that small 8-person room. They introduce you to your chefs for the evening, who are so talented and creative. They start off making a tasty drink with liquid nitrogen. I didn't do the wine pairing, but it looked fun. I ordered a glass of wine, and I kept getting refills, which I didn't get charged for. The waiter may have felt sorry for me b/c I was there alone, as most people there were with their significant other. That's okay... at the end of the night, you feel like you're friends with everyone you sat with. 

Every bite of food was amazing. Even something as simple as an olive in a spoon exploded in your mouth. I loved the bone marrow in the phyllo cone (and I'm not even a big bone marrow fan). I wish they had foie gras on the night I was there though.   A lot of liquid nitrogen used and a lot of foam. My only complaint is that there were more sweet flavors rather than savory ones. I would have liked it to be the other way around. Also there was no red meat (only fish and pork) on the night I was there. I would have liked some red meat. But the food was all incredible. One of the best meals of my life! I enjoyed the show!
é by Jose Andres
February 8, 2012 - 8:30PM

General Fine-Dining Disclaimer: Many people do not understand that most (if not all) upscale restaurants do not pile a ton of food on your plate. A diner should appreciate the finest flavors orchestrated into smaller dishes, which is how we received our servings. If you're looking for places that serve up large piles of food and multiple napkins, kindly skip my reviews. 

Eater.com says that this hidden restaurant is one of the hardest reservations to get. All we did to get them was email the website *exactly* one month in advance and wait. In fact, we waited a week without word but were able to secure a reservation for the requested night. They also explained that they are very busy (as you can imagine) and they are almost always booked solid.

Once you secure your reservations, you'll get a pair of Golden tickets (just like Willy Wonka) by mail. If you live farther than the East Coast, you probably won't get it in time for the event. But they'll still let you in.

On the night of dinner, get there at least 15 minutes in advance. Have one of Jose's signature Ultimate Gin and Tonics because it really is the ultimate.

Tip: Ask the head chef for permission to take pictures as a courtesy. You will be allowed to but you cannot take video (a shame) or use a flash (also a shame, because it's dim in there). When they begin their choreographed assembly of each disk (and I wonder how often they practice), you'll see that flash photography would interfere with their procedures.

Eight seats. Twenty three dishes. Wine supplements were skipped. Nearly all were consumed in two bites.


Gin & Tonic
Spanish Clavel
Beet Jewelry
Caramelized Pork Rinds
Apple "Brazo de Gitano"
Nitro Almond Cup
Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche
José Taco
Olive Sferica Ferran Adria (Spherical Olives!!)
Bocata de "Calamares"
Cava Sangria

Artichoke Puree w/ Vanilla
Lobster with Citrus and Jasmine
Chickpea Stew with Ibérico Ham
Turbot with Bone Marrow - GF's favorite dish
Rosemary Wild Mushrooms in Papillote
Secreto of Ibérico Pork with Squid

Orange Pith Purée La Serena
Flan
Pan Con Chocolate
"Arroz Con Leche"
Fizzy Paper
25 Second Bizcocho
"Air" Chocolates

Let's face it - you'll be overwhelmed in no time. How do you keep track of each dish *and* take pictures of each? Not easy.

Each dish is composed with fine detail and precision, and Chef Brett took time to describe each (after they were handed to each guest). He also answered any/all questions from the guests while we ate.

Our favorite dishes were:

Fried Bone Marrow - Possibly the greatest flavor I've ever experienced. The GF lost her mind over this also.

Fried Chicken Skin w/ Oysters and Caviar - If you love chicken skin,  this will rock your world. Two bites.

At the end of dinner, you will be assigned a unique diner's number based on the total number of diners to date. You will then be asked to sign a personal note to Jose in a small book that others have done previously.

The bill came out to $540-something for two including tip. This was the finest display of molecular gastronomy I've ever experienced. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
Dinner was at 8:30 on 2.24.12 

I have been looking forward to this dinner for a long time. Everything about the dinner has already been said in the other reviews, except that if you do not drink on a regular basis and you decide to get the alcoholic pairing you will leave dunk and might not remember some of the last dishes. It was the best meal of my life and one of the top for my honey also. $684.23 for two dinners and two wine pairings.
There isn't much to say that hasn't been said.  Easily the best meal I've ever had.
WALLAH saved the best review for last as I catch up on writing reviews tonight!

I'm Customer #3339! Yes, each guest that dines at this restaurant gets their own number.  Makes you feel kinda special I guess.

We got lucky with getting reservations here exactly a month in advance so it must've been meant to be :-)  Each seating only seats 8 guests; 2 seatings a night. 

I've been to Alinea in Chicago few years ago so I knew what to expect.  I think I may have actually enjoyed e by Jose Andres a slight more maybe because it was more interactive and intimate experience because you sit in a curved table watching the chefs semi-prepare your meals. 

The amount of prep work the chefs had to do to orchestrate the 20+ courses was quite remarkable.  The details and intricacy of each dish was impressive. (astericks tagged next to dishes I really enjoyed)

        1. Rebujito - alcoholic drink they stirred up and topped with foam reminded me of this drink I had at the Lobby Lounge at the Modern (formerly called Edition) hotel in Hawaii. 

        2. Spanish "Clavel" - beautifully shaped into a flower and served in the palm of Jose Andre's hand. Tasted like candy
        3. Beet Jewelry - they said to eat it off your pinky finger like a ring. Dusted with gold. Tasted like beet chips with a savory sweet taste. *
        4. Caramelized Pork Rinds - ehhh wasn't too into this

        5. Apple "Brazo de Gitano" - light airy texture and sweet. we were confused why it seemed like it was starting out with "dessert" like courses.

       6. Nitro Almond Cup - wow, this was genius. It looked like half an egg shell with caviar and cream in it. The chef said to eat it quick because it will melt so I put the whole thing in my mouth. Quite a surprise. **

       7. Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - not a chicken skin fan but this was quite delicious. tender chicken on crispy skin topped with foam.

       8.  Jose Taco - caviar wrapped in proscuitto - nothing special, it was as you could imagine.

       9. Olivia Sferica Ferran Adria - olive juice in a bubble so it pops in your mouth and tastes like an olive. they process to make this sounded quite intricate. 

      10.  Bocata de Calamares - similar to the sandwich but of course with a twist. It had a huge piece of sweet uni from Santa Barbara. **

      11. Cava Sangria - a SHOT of alcohol in the same bubble like thing as the olive.  whew, woke me up!

      12. Artichoke "puree" with Vanilla - it looked like sato imo (small japanese mountain potatoes) but it was little artichokes. never had anything like that. It was in a nice dark sauce with lemon foam dressed on the side.  

      13.  Lobster with citrus and jasmine foam - MY FAVORITE! I love lobster and jasmine so pairing the two was heaven. The dish was beautifully plated with citrus segments.**
 
     14.   Chickpea stew with Iberico Ham - this was a pretty dish you just wanted to just stare at and not eat. This was a favorite amongst the entire table. It was like a delicate cream stew with garbanzo dumpling like things. 

      15. Turbot with bone marrow - the moist white fish had a crispy skin and was complimented well with grounded coffee grinds on the side. The chef was raving about the bone marrow filled pockets but it was nothing special for me.

      16. Rosemary wild mushrooms in Papillote - wrapped in a cellophane bag, this was like a mushroom soup with scents of rosemary, then topped with foam again.  One of the guest had a substitute of veal cheeks since he doesn't like mushrooms so we were all quite envious of that dish.

       17.  Secreto of Iberico pork with squid - loved the pork and sauce. This dish once again topped with some green vegetable foam. *

      Still not over yet....can't forget about the desserts!!!

     18.  Orange Pith Puree La Serena - spooned goat cheese plated with sauces and thin piece of bread.

      19. Flan - beautifully plated with four small pieces of flan and flowers and mint with shaved ice in the middle drizzled with caramel. I enjoyed watching them making this one.*

     20. Pan Con Chocolate - was the least attractive dish but what a treat, my favorite dessert course. top looked like it was sprinkled with dirt but it was chocolate cake that melts in your mouth. Layers underneath had crunch which gave it texture to the creaminess of the dessert.**

     21. "Arroz Con Leche" - arroz con leche in a cone made with melted sugar, kicks of citrus.*

     22. 25 second Bizcocho - they said it took only 25 seconds to make this cake like volcano in the microwave. similar to a chiffon cake, very light. Dusted with gold.
    23. Fizzy paper - crispy paper like candy but wakes you up with the strong citrus flavors.
    24. "Air" Chocolate - just like the name, airy chocolate, one that was bitter dark and the other yogurt flavored.

Yes we felt like we ate enough food that could last a week in our tummies but the memories would last for a long time.
One of the ten top restaurants where reservations are nearly impossible!

A tapas restaurant secluded behind the bar of the Jaleo restaurant, on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan.

From the moment you are greeted at Jaleo, where you check in, you are celebrated as a winner of the Willy Wonka golden ticket holder.  You are seated in a table near the bar where you can order a drink, while waiting for the remainder of the the guests to show.  

When all of the guests arrive, you are escorted to a room behind the bar, where there is a food bar where you can see all of the food preparation.  Think of it like seating at a sushi bar where you can see the food prepared.

The staff is busy preparing their first of 18 or so tapas dishes. My wife is an omnivore, but I am a vegan.  They do NOT prepare vegan, so I opted to attend as a vegetarian, which they will accommodate.  Overall, my wife was far more impressed with my food than her's.  There were some subtle substitutions, but the vegetarian looked very similar to the omnivore's dinner.

My favorite dinner drink is a Tanqueray Ten gin martini. So when they completed the meal with a frozen ball of gin as the special guest of honor, I was thrilled. But unfortunately, it was much too sweet for a man who drinks straight alcohol.  Never-the-less, it was a memorable night and one that will not be soon forgotten.

With the meal and the alcohol/wine pairing, dinner was $903.  So, not a happy meal price but a wonderfully, incredible experience.

If you really want to celebrate that special night, here's how to get in.  Send an email enquiring about dinner.  They in turn will give you an email address to send your request 30 days out.  We are in Central time, so at 2 am Central, 12:00 midnight Las Vegas, I sent the request.  The next day, they sent a PDF file to fill out with the participants names.  You fill it out and fax it back to them, along with $195 charge per person.  You put your credit card information on the sheet you are faxing back to them.

Be committed, because you can lose your $195 x 2 charge (if two people attending). But if you're serious, you can be seated.  Plan your trip around the date you want eat e by Jose.
When we came here the first time in 2011, we were certainly very impressed even comparing to jose's other restaurant Bazaar. Therefore, when we came here the second time, we kept our expectation low feeling like they would not be able to do any better than the first time. Somehow, they were able to wow us again with almost a different menu! Some of the dishes from 2011 were just creative not tasty for us. In the 2012 version, we had absolutely no complaints on every single dish. I usually don't write reviews unless the dining experience is really good or really bad. E is for sure a winner and we re looking forward to go there again once they change heir menu again. Bring your date there to impress. It will be a life time experience. =]
This is a very very expensive piece of culinary performance art. Dinner for 4 with two alcohol pairings and two non-alcohol pairings came to $2,000. Be prepared for that because the prices were very vague before actually getting the bill.

The food was more unique and interesting than delicious. The drinks piled up on each other so instead of being paired they became muddled together over 3-4 of the courses. Yes, the courses! 24 of them actually. Many just a single bite.

This should have been a 3-4 hour experience but was crammed into 2 hours and 15 minutes because they have to fit a second seating in. Seatings are at 5:30 and 8:30.

We have had the tasting menus with paired wines for each diner at Picasso at the Bellagio and Joel Robuchon at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The food, the taste, the time given to enjoy and savor, the opportunity to compete the course and accompanying drink really were perfect. Dinner at each was all of four hours. You were not rushed and each distinct presentation were really outstanding. When the course and drink were completely finished, we had time to appreciate what we just enjoyed before the next course and pairing came. Dinner for 2 at Picasso was $600. and $800. at Joel Robuchon. We walked out without any doubt that it was worth the money. An obscene amount in today's world but extremely memorable.

To be honest, I was disappointed in é by José Andrés. The presentation was really great but not as engaging as it could've been. The chefs could barely be heard and the courses were not really explained in a manner that you felt you could grasp. We had to ask over and over what it was that was being presented. We felt rushed and the courses came too quickly. If we had 4 hours, maybe the experience would have been savored more. Instead it was a jumble and a muddle of tastes and drinks. I really did not feel that the meal was worth half of what we paid mostly because of the timing.

If you've had some of the chef's tasting menus at the other stellar places in Las Vegas, then try this. If not, it would not be at the top of my short list due to the excessive cost and the rushed feeling.
wow.  amazing~!!  i went at the end of last month and it was such an experience!  the entire meal was truly unique.  you sit at a bar-type table and the chefs prepare each meal in front of you.  it's interactive because you can ask them questions and chat about the ingredients they use, etc.  they use the food as an art form, playing with textures, temperatures, etc.  i did not go with the wine flight to go with the meal but i did order a glass of wine to go with all of the courses.  it was perfect for me since they also gave us a cocktail to start off our courses.

the reservation process for me was seamless.  sent in a request about 3 weeks ahead on a sunday night, heard from them by monday, confirmed reservation by tuesday.  try this place if you can...i don't think you will regret it!
We very much enjoyed our dinner here but will echo what another writer said, which is that the meal goes very fast...almost too fast.  I wish they would leave another minute or two between the courses just to give folks an opportunity to truly appreciate all the fine favors of the dishes.  The chefs move so fast and announce the dishes so quickly, that some of the meal felt like a blur.  

The only other suggestion I would have would be for them to do a bit more of the preparation in front of the diners instead of just the plating.  Some of the various processes they talked about sounded really interesting, but we didn't get to see that aspect of the preparation, which was a bit disappointing.  I expected that they would be cooking in front of us, not just preparing the final products.  

Other than that, the food was spectacular and the service was outstanding.  When we asked questions about the various dishes, the chefs were more than willing to explain how the dishes were made.  I wish they gave more explanation up front, but I guess some diners are more interesting in the process than others and the chefs are just trying to keep everyone happy. 

Unfortunately, we had some real duds at our dinner - four guys who managed to be late for dinner and then showed about zero interest in the meal.  I couldn't believe how rude these guys were, especially given the cost of the meal.  But the chefs were gracious and didn't seem to mind all that much.

All in all we had a wonderful dinner and definitely recommend the experience.
Amazing meal, fairly entertaining show, great company. 

Still, I must be tainted from going to SAAM only a five weeks prior because I keep thinking it wasn't as good as it could have been. I honestly prefer SAAM. For the same price as é, you can get an even better tasting menu that lasts twice as long. 

While the goodies at the end were nice, I didn't get the beverage tasting list, which was disappointing as I really liked the muscat wine for some reason.
On our second visit to e we got the drinks pairing since we had so regretted not getting it the last time.  I'm writing this update to suggest that unless you're a big drinker, don't do the drinks pairing.  We were wasted for our last 2 dishes and basically needed a nap after dinner.  Still, everything else about the meal was perfection.  e can do no wrong.
On making reservations:
It can be ambiguous and quite a challenge. It took 2 trips to Vegas for the stars to finally align for me to finally be able to get in. They have 2 seating a night and they seat about 10 people inside a separate room in Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan. You must email them exactly one month in advance at midnight Vegas time, which means if you are traveling from the east coast set up an email rule to send your email at 3:01AM. Also have several dates and times that you are available to increase your chances of getting in.

On the dining experience:
I dined here on a Sunday evening after a monster weekend in Vegas. This is definitely a social experience with the other diners sitting around the bar style seating. I felt just as comfortable dining here solo as I would with a date. About half the group were actually solo diners. Our group was young, funny, and very social. Don't feel pressured to do the wine pairing, although I heard it was excellent only 2 or 3 of the diners in our group did it. Plus we were greeted with a glass of champagne when we sat regardless of whether you ordered the wine pairing and one of the dishes was, as I would describe it, a large sangria caviar. So there is enough alcohol served if you wanted to drink light.

On the show:
The show here is the two chefs in action. Most of the dishes have been prepared somewhat in advance, but they are assembled and discussed right in front of your eyes. Some of the dishes came off like alchemy. Feel free to ask any questions you want, they are happy to discuss the dishes in detail. The 2 chefs/wizards said it takes 36 man hours to prepare for each service.

Normally I would go into detail about each dish but there were just too many and you don't have a choice in what you eat. You just get to try everything. The dishes ranged from good to amazing. I've been to a handful of places that I would say had better food, but the presentation and creativity at work here is unmatched. On my visit it cost $199 + tax, I was told there was no tipping even after insisting. If you are interested or curious about molecular gastronomy then it is worth the visit. If like me the high price is tough to swallow, do what I did, look at it as a great Vegas show instead of a dinner you won't regret it.

*Posted are a picture of the golden ticket you get when you make a reservation, their menu you get to take home, and a few of the dishes.
This is quite overdue.  I've been busy but don't worry kids, I'll come here a second time and record as much as I can.

First off, no.  Do not take a date here on the first date.  There are thing like chicken skin and other strange things that might creep them out.

But if your date, friends, or family is into molecular gastronomy and is just a big foodie in general, then yes- this is the way to go.  Keep in mind that your check will probably cover a mortgage payment of two.

The show aspect of the dinner was absolutely great- I love eating at different places and I've worked at many restaurants, so you can only imagine the questions I kept bombarding the team with.

The flavors flowed very nicely and was really a great display over Andre's mastery of flavors and their interactions with each other and with taste buds.  Some dishes were robust like the Iberico ham, while some dishes, like this orange puree we had, were soft and seemed to carry the other flavors on to the next heavy-hitting dish.  Oh, and Jose Andres seems to have a thing for foam.  Very creative.

Other than that, I don't think I'll be coming back any time soon.  I'd like to reserve this restaurant for a more special occasion and since none seem to be coming up, we'll wait a bit.
Dining at e' is a life changing experience.
It took me months to get a reservation that would accommodate everyone I wanted to share this dinner with. 

It's not just the food that's amazing it's the atmosphere, and being able to openly communicate with the staff about what's happening. The dining room is small and intimate with seating for only 8 guests. Walls are lined with unique art and card catalog drawers which are actually functional for the staff. 

There were more courses than I can remember. Each dish is elegantly prepared in front of you as if you are watching a foodie cirque show!

If dining as a couple or even as friends I suggest getting one of each: the alcohol and non alcohol paring to compliment your dinner. The non alcohol beverages were incredible! 

Take the time to make a reservation, spend the money and ENJOY!
Tucked away from the hustle and bustle of busy servers and the loud chatter of diners, is a secret door that leads to a secret room.  A place where food meets art, and every night, one of the best shows in Vegas starts.  Chefs take the place of performers, and the kitchen becomes the center stage.  And only those who posses a golden ticket may enter....

é by José Andrés

A "restaurant-inside-a-restaurant", the mastermind behind this culinary curiosity is none other than superstar chef/restaurateur José Andrés.  Part genius, part madman, he is a master at creating new flavor combinations and re-imagining classics with the use of space-age gadgets more suited for the lab than the kitchen.  

Guests are not just entering a room, but an exclusive sneak peek inside Andrés' mind.  If one were to ever wonder how a mad genius' mind would look like, this would be it.  In Andrés case, his mind is a larger-than-life card catalog - filled not with the Dewey decimal system, but an eclectic mix of amusing and whimsical objects that have shaped and influenced Jose Andrés culinary vision.  

The show begins literally with the offering of José's hand by the night's master of ceremonies Chef Cody Jeffs.

Created from a mold of Andrés' actual hand, in the "palm" of the life-sized appendage is a delicate "clavel" flower whose billowy petals are shaped from dried raspberry puree. 

Eating is just part of the fun.  The real performance is watching the team of skilled chefs masterfully assembled all twenty-two courses.  Like a carefully orchestrated routine, everyone knows his or her part.  Foams are whipped, and liquid nitrogen flows freely as dish after dish is put together right in front of the guests to see.

With only eight guests per seating, the "third wall" between chef/performer and audience disappears.  Guests are not merely by-standers, but encouraged to interact with the chefs and ask questions.

Good food, of course, should be paired with good wine, and here the experience is just as interactive...especially served from a porrón - a Spanish drinking vessel that requires a little skill or else, if not careful, the drinker could be drenched in wine.  

As the golden ticket states, "be ready for anything!  ¡Buena Suerte!"
Everything that's been said about the food is spot-on; some of the best ingredients you'll ever have, prepared with the utmost respect in an amazing fashion.  It's not a meal, its an experience.

We got to Jaleo 15 minutes before our reservation, as requested, and ended up waiting another half hour to be taken into the "restaurant".  Some other reviewers have mentioned getting a glass of champagne when they show up, we were never offered any.  No worries though, watching everything going on in Jaleo is entertaining enough.  Ended up being because someone else didn't make it; sucks for them.

Some have mentioned that pricing is rather ambiguous, however, we didn't find this to be the case at all.  While we were waiting, Patrick, our server for the evening, explained everything well, gave us the ipad drink list, explained the wine pairings, etc.  I did the Taste of Spain pairing, which was good for the most part, but I found a couple of the pairings odd.  Not sure if it was worth the $130 or not.

The only real gripe we had, and it is a pretty big one, was that the servers made a point of telling us that the Chefs were included in the automatic gratuity, and that we were welcome to leave extra "if we desired."  I'm sorry, but that's tacky.  I own a restaurant, and if I heard one of my servers doing this I'd flip.  There's no need for that in a restaurant of this caliber.

Besides that, totally worth the money, amazing experience, the room itself is beautiful, service is fantastic, and the food alone makes going here worth it.
Wow, what a unique dinning experience!  If you can get a seat, please go.  It will be a dinner you wont forget.  All the raves and reviews are true.  Remember to try the the Paella from Jaleo on the way out.

Lucky for us Jose and his corporate chef (the guy from el bulli) were in town updating the menu.
OMFG!

This was by far the most expensive and memorable meal of my life. My wife and I dined here about two months ago. We shared the drink pairing. Two meals and one drink pairing came to $666. Though dare I say it, it was TOTALLY worth it.

I love cooking and trying new foods. If you do, too, this is totally the place for you. You will love it. If you're not a foodie and not into unique cooking techniques, you'll probably find it overpriced and won't fully appreciate it. That being said, it was the perfect place for me.

There were four couples in our sitting. None of us knew each other, but we all seemed to be the same basic type. Foodies who make pretty good money but aren't exactly rich who are willing to pay for a one-of-a-kind once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.

We all LOVED our food. In fact, at one point the chefs left to get something from the kitchen and one of the guys said, "Good, they're gone. Now we can lick our plates." We all chuckled but all highly considered it. No one wanted to waste one single drop of deliciousness.

I would say my favorite course was the chickpea soup with iberico pork. The "chickpeas" were filled with iberico pork and chickpea broth. It was amazing. I had never had iberico pork and instantly fell in love.

I am not a fan of desserts and there were quite a few served. However, I have to admit that I liked every single one of them. My favorite involved olive oil, cocoa powder and mascarpone or something similar. We were instructed to drag our spoons through the olive oil and into the cocoa powder. Sounded weird but WOW!

My wife is a connoisseur of flan and said that hands down e's was the best she had ever had. I don't care for flan, but I had to agree this flan was delish! 

I could go on and on about every single course. But lots of people have already done that, and it would be very hard to truly do any of the courses justice.

Aside from the food itself, the other awesome aspect was being able to watch the creation and plating of many of the courses. Everything was done with such care and perfection. The chefs used droppers and tweezers to carefully add the most delicate items. I was in awe throughout the whole dinner and was envious of the chefs who get to work with such great ingredients every day.

About midway through the dinner, the chefs told us to look behind us. When we did, we saw none other than Jose' Andres. He was in town for Uncork'd and stopped in for a moment to see how we were all doing. We all expressed our amazement at everything we had tried thus far.

When we finished our meal, I saw Jose' sitting at one of the tables in Jaleo. I asked one of the waiters if it would be okay for me to go up to him and ask for his autograph. He said that Jose' was being interviewed by a food magazine but should be done shortly and I could wait at the bar and approach him once he was done. I did so, and once his interview was over I was able to catch him before he went back into the kitchen. He autographed my menu and my wife took a picture of us. The people from the food magazine were still around and their photographer snapped a few pics too. It was a perfect ending to a perfect night.

I mentioned earlier that this was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. However, I can't imagine never going back. Maybe I should change that to a once every 5 years event. Or if I get a big raise, maybe once a year. Even my wife who usually gets upset when we go to higher-priced places as she thinks it's not worth it (and that's with a bill about 1/6 of e'), said that the meal was totally worth it.
The tragedy of e' is that after my meal here, my body will turn the food that I ate into poop. This is a shame and it is insulting to the brilliance of the food that any part of it would wind up in a toilet(albeit in a severely altered form). I like to think that the food served at e' is not excreted like a typical sandwich, but it is instead ascended to a higher plane of existence somewhere in my soul. Yeah. That makes me feel better.

e' is an incomparable dining experience that trumps anything I've had in Las Vegas. The experience is part meal and part show, where the chef will explain and answer questions regarding the preparation of each bite. Highlights include the turbot, chickpea soup, and assorted insane desserts. Some bites didn't blow me away(reduced olive) but I don't care because when something at e' shines, it makes you question everything you've been eating so far in your previously wretched culinary existence.

The room is intimate without being claustrophobic and is decorated in an interesting way, with random oddities placed upon walls set to look like library drawers.

So save up some money at your job, start a pyramid scheme, kill a hooker, cook meth, or win the lottery. Do whatever it takes to afford a nice meal at e'. Don't think of it as a super expensive meal - Think of it as a trip to a super expensive theme park where you get to eat some rare and delicious foods.
5 stars!!!!  Can't say enough about the overall experience, it was the most amazing meal I have ever experienced.... I like Danna C's title OMFG, oh yes, that sums it up. Went in Aug 2012....dreamy

So, from my online research, I thought you had to make a reservation no earlier than midnight one month in advance, so a couple nights after I discovered this restaurant online, I set my alarm for 2AM CST (12 AM PST) to make a reservation by email, as they take emai reservations only...later found out they changed to three months in advance, so I pretty much could have called the night I discovered this gem. Oh well, it was worth it! I was giddy like a little kid when I got confirmation that I got the spot! ( to be fair, I am often giddy like a little kid over random things)

Ambience: It is in a secret room in the back of Jaleo, ummm that obviously makes it cool, no seriously, it was pretty much the coolest space/idea ever... Only 8 seats at a high top bar, with 2 seatings per night, which automatically gives it mega ambience points due to the underground exclusivity of it all... I felt very special to have gotten in, not to mention you get a golden ticket when you are "awarded" a seat at the "show" 

Food: There were 24, YES 24!! courses, and some were literally a bite or two, but oooooh ahhhh, it was excitement overload, as you get to watch the chefs create, plate, serve, explain every single intricate component and course, WOW, and it is very interactive, you can ask questions and meet the people you sit with since it is so intimate, the space you share with the other guests is more like eating at one big table with new friends...

Obviously too many courses to list, so here are some highlights:

Caramelized Pork Rinds: sweet, salty, porky! what a great idea :)

Nitro Almond Cup: liquid nitrogen is used to turn marcona almond puree into a little cup shape w/ almas ara caviar inside, so delicious as the "frozen" cups starts melting, and the richness of the marcona almonds (one of my favorite snacks on the planet!) melts, and you get the saltiness of the caviar, genius!

Turbot w/ Bone Marrow: Well the fish was great, but the standout was the little tubes of fried bone marrow topped w/ caviar. Oh my, this bone marrow melted in your mouth and was heavenly... I wanted more of them!

Wild Mushrooms In Papillote: you see a little pouch, and wonder, what ever is in this pouch, and then someone cuts the pouch, and this smell emerges, ohhhhh shiz it's morels!! YUM, earthy, creamy, morels, so tasty

Flan: orange flavored crushed ice sprinkled on the plate with a few mini baby flans, together, they created dreamsicle magic in my mouth and I liked it

Pan Con Chocolate: Who knew olive oil and chocolate would be so fab together, apparently Jose did, and of course there was a salty element to tie it all together, it was very unique and tasty

Arroz Con Leche: Heavenly rice pudding action in a caramelized cone thing, I know, my description doesn't do it justice, but hell, there were 24 courses! I can't remember all the details, but this was crazy good...

I didn't get the wine pairing, as it pretty much cost the same as the meal to do, OUCH, but I did try Estrella Damm Inedit for the first time, and it was super yummy and has become a regular purchase from my local Whole Foods, this beer was created by Ferran Adria to be paired with fine food... and that it does...

XOXO, E, I love you and miss you already! Can't wait to go back!
So, I finally forked over the big bucks to dine at E.  And what can I say... a very fantastic experience.  I have dined at Jaleo several times, food was always good, but service was always a bit to Vegas (I'm above all, union mentality, if you don't spend more than $500 tonight I don't need to service your table attitude).

But here at E - it was very relaxed yet refined.  This is the best food experience in Vegas - bar none.  I'm not going to give the full run down - but, I'm already planning to go back in the next few months.

If you are not a foodie, or if you are going with someone that is not a foodie - don't go, you will only ruin it for the people that truly will appreciate this kind of food and experience.  That was my only complaint of the night - food, amazing; service, top notch; ambience, second-to-none; guests - sucked.  There are 8 seats, 2 seatings a night - so the other 6 guests we dined with were not foodies, many didn't eat their food and didn't talk to each other or interact with the staff.  So the next time I go, I'm making sure that I know all 8 people to make the experience that much better.  So, if you never had the chance to dine at El Bulli, have not dined at Alinea - this is your next best.  What a gem for Vegas to have - and very few people know of it.  Yes, you can hit up the mansion at MGM for a 3 star Michelin experience with union servers running bread carts into your chair and have bussers spilling things or you can come to E and enjoy a show you can only get in a handful of restaurants in the world.
Really wanted to love this experience, and looked forward to it based on positive reviews here.  However, after dropping $830 for two with wine pairings, I would strongly advise avoiding "e". 
 
Why?

   The food itself is really nothing special.  Admittedly e employs lots of   flashy techniques (nitrogen bath with lots of smoke, spherification, a burning pot of rum, etc.). And they are amusing, but the food is not.

   For example one course consists of two clams in their shells. The twist is that each clam is in a small tasteless gel sac with its own juice. So basically it's a shucked clam.  Nothing particularly inventive there.

  Another course is a salt codfish, finger sandwich. It's a nice little sandwich, but not really any display of culinary skill.  Ditto the pork rinds.

  As for the "mains,"  also uninspired.  A sliver of poached lobster tail, a baked foie, turbot .... You get the picture.

   My guess is that the people who were so "blown away" by the food and gave such rave reviews probably also think Sizzler is fine dining and that Vegas is a cultural Mecca.   My take is that e is a lot like Vegas; lots of glitz, and no substance.

 Truly, if you fancy yourself a "foodie" and want to drop giant $$ for an actual "amazing experience," book at Joel Robichon at the MGM.
Well I do have to say i love being in exclusive environments such as E. We were talking to an employee of the cosmopolitan at the players club area and she didn't even know it exists in the hotel she works in... so pretty exclusive feel.  The golden ticket obviously is a nice touch to give to the feel of the experience. 

Now I do have to say that for the money it was definitely pricey... We had one wine pairing between my husband and I and same as we did at Alinea and this meal was MUCH more expensive and i have to say that my Alinea dinner was MUCH more inventive and memorable.  

The atmosphere is dark/intimate, etc...we sat with a couple that clearly only went because they are rich and didnt care about the food like a true foodie would... then there was a guy who was just blabbering about how many michelin star places he has been and chef name -dropping which was annoying then another couple who were pleasant. but basically you get a mixed crowd here.  

I think I was most upset with the lack of different techniques utilized. Like I believe we had 3 dishes that used a foam and a couple that used like a dry ice... it would have been nice to have those techniques only once and different techiniques throughout the menu which is what I liked the most about Alinea.  Now we went a few months ago and i really can't remember too much what i ate. whereas many restaurants that I have eaten at 3-4 years ago certain courses i can remember every detail because they were so GOOD and different.   I think if this meal was 200-300 dollars less I would have a better review but for the money it wasnt THAT spectacular in terms of food, but definitely the hoops they make you jump through to get to finally sit there make it seem like this very special/exclusive club which is nice and very cool for vegas.
Amazing balls! 

super duper exclusive restaurant with literally a seating for 8 "per show" and you have to make sure to reserve via EMAIL ( they don't take phone calls and you must put down a cc ensuring that you be joining them).
  
E' is located at the same restaurant as Jose andres other restaurant Jelao and- remember that folks, i couldn't find the place because it was so hidden (yes, apparently that exclusive). I even asked people working around the third floor (where all the restaurants are located) this hostess from another restaurant  -and said she was positive she never heard of the restaurant! ridiculous...
So don't fret if your like me and is slightly directional retardo - go to Jose andres other restarant Jelao and talk to the hostess and they 'll know what to do with you! 

soooo
we were first placed sitting at the restaurant to have a sip of water and given asked about any special request (vegetarians, allergies etc., vegans are not offered but vegetarian is WHEW!!) We were also offered wine pairings, non alcoholic juices and beer pairs...
-$65 for beer pairing 
-$130 for wine pairing and 
- ? non alcoholic juice pairings 
(I got the wine pairing and it was really superb with all my meals, esp the ordonez -the perfect blend of sweetness)

so there is a total of 25 course! yea, your telling me -  Everything was prepped with such precision. ...Tweezers were one of the main utensils used throughout the meal! every single flower, nay pepper were picked out oh-so carefully and placed strategically on the plate.  
With the price you pay for the meal, you better believe that they treat you as if your one of the gods from heaven! 

It was def something worth trying - although i must tell you.. by the 16th course i was literally stuffing myself just so i can feel like the amount paid was well worth it!
i almost couldn't fit the dessert portion in..yea. i could't believe it myself!
In a city full of superficial glitz, outposts of celebrity chefs, and NYC copycats, é is something truly special. 

The Spanish are doing some crazy stuff with food and ingredients that sound like you're going to make a bomb but end up as things like spherical cocktails, foams, and semi-substances. And it actually tastes delicious!  Some of my favorites were the truffle cotton candy, salt baked foie, chickpea stew, and "styrofoam" apple tart. 

I cannot recommend it enough if you have a trip to Vegas and you are an "advanced eater."  Leave the buffets to the amateurs. 

On a side note, I was shocked at how easily my group of 3 (that turned into 1- Vegas strikes again haha) got a reservation the week of our trip. Definitely worth a try if you decide to go last minute.
Molecular Gastronomy with an intimate Vegas show atmosphere, a glorious night at e by Jose Andres! Seriously as close to elBulli as one can ever get!

I don't even know where to begin about this dinner. On a fluke the morning before a trip out to Vegas I sent an email to E to see if there were any available reservations for the next night.  To my amazement, a confirmation email came just an hour or so later and a Golden Ticket was mine!!

There were so many 5 star reviews of E that I knew what was ahead was a top 5 dining experience that would be something to talk about for a long time.  SPOT ON YELPERS!!!

When you arrive the required 15 minutes before showtime, you are seated at the bar with an IPAD menu of liquor choices for the evening.  Everything from a very exclusive $300 reserve pairing to a $65 non alcoholic pairing.  We chose not to drink and focus on the nights food and performance. And what a performance it was.

You are escorted to an intimate and interestingly decorated back room at Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas.  There, seated with the other 8-10 diners, you are at a semicircular bar with the Chef and his crew ready to amaze.   After a series of brief introductions and explanations of how the evening will proceed, the first amazing course is served.  The smoke from the nitrogen fills the assembly table in front of you and the chefs get to work designing a edible beautiful flower beautifully presented on a plaster replica of Jose Andres actual open hand. Welcoming you with an open hand, genius!

Then course after course you sit and watch in amazement as the Chef and Sous Chefs work on each plate with the focus of a surgeon.  With tools such as tweezers, thermometers and cans of nitrogen they devise each and every course to amaze.  Each plate is a work of art with courses served on frozen rocks, plates that look like a topographic map with peaks and valleys, a bowl the could serve as a 5 gallon fish bowl, cubes that hold a small delicate ice cream cone shaped course and more.

My favorite dishes, all of them each and every course challenged your mouth to understand what it was eating, identifying the different tastes and consistencies and you are in awe with each passing plate.  

Get to Vegas, find a way to E, you will never forget this meal or the evening!  This is not a 5 rated experience, its more like 5000000000!!!!!!

From #4590
Best dining experience of my life!
 So many amazing & interesting dishes. A fun & entertaining evening shared with 7 other lucky diners. 
 My only advise (if you like to drink) is to get the beverage pairing. The creativity and variety of the cocktails was spectacular.
 They also accommodated my wife's gluten free diet!
One of the most intimate and unique dining experiences you will ever experience in Sin City!

Having tried most of the fine dining restaurants in Vegas, I thought i'd seen it all til i was pleasantly surprised with a shiny golden ticket in the mail!

When that fateful evening arrived on Saturday October 13th, I was like Charlie waiting in eager anticipation to finally visit Willy Wonka's chocolate factory.  Truth be told, I wasn't quite sure what was in store for me but i had a feeling it would be something good! 

In fact, as soon as we stepped into Jaleo, we were cordially seated at the bar and kindly given the drink menu for the evening on a handy iPad! Since I was feeling celebratory, i decided on the wine pairing with my meal and  as soon as our server found out it was my birthday, he gave us a glass of cava on the house! Now that's service IMO! 

After that, we were escorted to a dimly lit and intimate private room with a semicircular bar surrounded by wooden card catalogs housing Jose Andre's eclectic tchotchkes, which he apparently collected from his travels around the world.  At this time, the chef introduced himself and proceeded with a brief explanation of the evening's events.  Without a moment to spare, the chef and his skilled staff worked feverishly on the first dish. Liquid nitrogen began to billow over the counter and within moments, we were presented with beautiful bite size pieces of food art. About 20 or more dishes followed in succession, each skillfully crafted to engage and amaze!

I must admit, I arrived with high expectations, but the chef and staff at é definitely did not disappoint. It was a truly unforgettable experience that was filled with intrigue and spectacle. An intimate showcase inspired by traditional Spanish dishes, masterfully executed by the talented chef and staff. é is bar none one of the most interesting and enjoyable dining experiences I've ever had in Vegas! With that said, it's an experience you should make when visiting the city because like magic, it could soon disappear!

Happy Eats!
I count my lucky stars that I am so fortunate to be able to finally eat at é by José Andrés.  It was a special occasion and we (surprisingly my husband included because he usually prefers cheap Chinese food over frou frou stuff) both thoroughly enjoyed the EXPERIENCE.  It was a precisely choreographed dance to put together these pieces of food, a play on textures, temperatures and flavors.  It was an experience with the art of food, and I'm not saying it with any disdain for snobbiness this time.  There were 24 morsels of delicious food - all incredibly creative.

The short and sweet version: Precision.  Perfectly choreographed and executed.  Juxtaposition of Flavors and Textures.  Adjectives that come to mind:  Fragrant.  Whimsical.  Airy.  Crunchy.  Ice Cold.  Salty and Sweet.  Warm.  Fluffy.  Umami.  Crumbly.

1.  Rebujito - our starting cocktail smelled like fragrant roses.  
2.  Truffle Cotton Candy - whimsical, fluffy with the aroma of truffle.  
3.  Idiazabal "Macaron" - delightfully crunchy with a cheesy filling
4.  Apple "Brazo De Gitano" - Airy on the outside, creamy blue cheese "espuma" on the inside
5.  Seta Suprise - Creamy 'shrooms
6.  Nitro Almond Cup - NITROGEN cold (not just ice cold) and smooth on the outside, creamy/briny/salty caviar on the inside.
7.  Barquillo - crunchy shell, aromatic Truffle and anchovy foam
8.  Almejas Al Natural - spherical globules encased with the essence of oyster 
9.  Bocatade Bacalao - warm, buttery brioche, savory cod, umami-licious?
10. Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - extra crispy chicken skin + foam
11. Cava Sangria - Pop!  globule of sangria 
12. Artichoke "Puree" with vanilla - creamy, mild, smooth
13. Lobster with Citrus & Jasmine - tender lobster with jasmine flavored air
14. Chickpea Stew with Iberico Ham - globules of essence of chickpea and accents of ham
15. Turbot with Bone Marrow - salty/sweet/bitter combo with crispy bone marrow, turbo fish and coffee grinds
16. Lobe of Foie Gras - savory foie gras combined with fresh orange juice 
17. Secreto of Iberico Pork with Squid + Parsley Foam - tender, squid was a touch burnt I thought
18. Santa Gadea with Cotton Candy - "goat in sheep's clothing," goats milk with sweet cotton candy
19. Flan - creamy, light and airy
20. Pan con Chocolate - MY FAVORITE DESSERT OF THE NIGHT.  Crumbled frozen chocolate sorbet with cream, hints of saffron, crunchy sweet crystallized bread, and olive oil.  
21. "Arroz con Leche" - Another well played piece on texture, temperature and flavor
22. 25 second Bizcocho - fluffy cake with lemon cream
23. Air Chocolates - wow.  bitter chocolate and I usually really like dark chocolate 
24. Cocoa Paper with Dried Strawberry - airy light chocolate with tangy freeze dried strawberry bit

$ to Value Ratio:  4.75/5 Stars... This is definitely debatable (my mom may think it's a complete waste of money), but I rated it high because my experience was impeccable (service was top notch, ingredients were top notch)
Yummy Factor: 5/5 Stars
Texture Satisfaction: 5/5 Stars
Average stars: 4.92 Stars

We were guest 4999 and 5000!  =)
We ate at e.  An incredible dining experience. Over 2+ hours of creations.   Being able to discuss the dishes with the chefs and watching them prep is so different from any other dinner in Vegas makes it a once in a lifetime type of experience. Note: reservations are now taken 3 months in advance. Nothing beats getting the golden ticket in the mail.
What a great experience! 

Everything is so refined and tasty - from beginning to the end,,, they are wonderful. I don't care much about the 'special' presentation, tho, this time I have to admit that I am amazed. 

Iberico pork, monk fish, caviar,,,,, so good... I am sure some people are not used to be eating (or they don't like) half cooked pork and foie gras and such,,, but I LOVE them. 

Yes, it was expensive - but I loved it with wine parings (you will get a lot of alcohol - so, don't drink too much - if you are not heavy drinker, you will be wasted at the end ).

I can't eat here that often because, yo know, it is expensive - however, maybe for another special occasion, I am sure I will be back!
The food was very good and the experience was outstanding!
The best meal of my life Mr. José Andrés.

I was lucky enough to get a last minute reservation in this restaurant for eight people. Last night I emailed the restaurant with the hope of a last minute cancellation.  I received my email this afternoon and I scored the "golden ticket."

The evening was a 24-course meal from "snacks" to the more heartier dishes to "cheese" to "dessert."

The process is you go to their website and send a request in for a reservation. They they email if you're in or not for dinner the evening of your request.

I checked in with the Jaleo host who remembered me calling in just yesterday to find out if there was availability at e.  I was then told to sit at the table as the server asked if I wanted any beverages during the meal.  I went with a bottled flat water for the evening instead of going with the beverage pairing knowing my meal would cost so much.

We sat for a few moments then asked to enter a small corner private room in the back of the restaurant. You walk in and there is a u-shaped bar with the centerpiece being the food preparation area or the "stage" of our show.

We were all brought a cocktail to start our meal. They the show began for a little more than two hours. There seated with me were three couples who were as passionate about food as I am.

Not only was each dish interesting in texture and flavor, the restaurant felt relaxed and special.  Our group of seven, were seated a bar facing an area where the chef prepared each of our courses.  There was one surprised after the other with each dish we received.

Service was very attentive and friendly. The chef was very patient to answer all of our questions that evening.

I highly recommend this special experience to anyone who loves food and is looking for something unique and different.

A nice finishing touch was a bookmark keepsake and also the menu from this evening.

Tasting Menu:

Rebujito

Idiazabal "Macaron"

Truffle Cotton Candy

Apple "Brazo de Gitano"

Seta Surprise

Nitro Almond Cup

Barquillo

Almejas al Natural

Bocata de Bacalao

Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche

Cava Sangria

Artichoke "puree" with Vanilla

Lobster with citrus and jasmine

Chickpea stew with Iberico Ham

Turbot with bone marrow

Whole lobe of foie gras baked in salt

Chuleta with squid

Santa Gadea with Cotton Candy

Flan

Pan con chocolate

"arroz con leche"

Cocao paper with dried strawberry

25 second bizcocho

Saffron chocolate

Total on bookmark:

Subtotal: $203
Tax: $16.44
Total $260.04 (including $40.60 service charge)

Click here to read the NY Times article: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/31/dining/at-e-by-jose-andres-theyre-eating-out-of-the-palm-of-his-hand.html?pagewanted=all

Thanks to é, I no longer hate Las Vegas.  

I was the 5,331th person who was lucky enough to score a seat at é by José Andrés. This restaurant is definitely at the top of my list of food experiences.
I would honestly sit through a justin beiber concert just to dine here. That's how much I love this place. It's like disneyland for foodies. Tucked in an intimate side room with dishes prepared and plated in front of you, this experience is educational, fun, and tasty!

Most dishes are delicious, and the presentation and creativity are top notch. It takes all the fun from a place like Bazaar, and ups it a bajillion-fold. 

It's hard to give specifics since the menu changes every few months, but rest assured there is only happiness in this place (until the check comes)

I know a common complaint about Bazaar was that not all of Jose's dishes actually taste good. My experience with e' in the two times I went was that most of the dishes taste very good, so....I'd recommend giving it a try if that was your complaint with Bazaar
I was pretty impressed with E by Jose Andres.

I would say the experience as a whole was near a five star experience, but the food and timing overall, along with the huge price tag set it back a few for me.

The food overall was good though. The foie gras dish and Secreto of pork were definitely my two favorites along with the bocata de bacalao. 

The service was definitely top-notch and everyone was very attentive the whole meal. I loved the idea of the chef's cooking everything in front of you and it was interesting seeing the different techniques being used.

I think my problem was that I was expecting too much from the meal. I expected that my mind would be blown by all of the food, but I only had that experience from one or two dishes from a meal with 23 different plates. 

I also think the two hour time slot was a little quick to fully appreciate everything. About an hour after the meal I forgot about every dish I had, due to the quick eating.

Overall I was pleased with my experience at E. It is a little overpriced in my opinion for what you are eating and how much you are getting, but I guess its the overall experience that warrants the high price tag. The food was good, but I do not think you should go into this experience expecting the tastiest meal of your life, but rather a unique and exclusive dining experience that only few get to enjoy...
Wow!  We walked out of here saying what just happened to us?  My husband is not into molecular gastronomy so like a good wife, I didn't tell him.  We really enjoyed the way you check in at Jaleo, and are taken back to a separate dining room with a counter for only 8 people.  It's creeepy dark but not too dark to take pictures which they allow.  One of us did the platinum pairing and one of us did the other pairing.  Guess who the lucky one was?  If you're going to try something once, and you can swing the extra for the platinum, it's so worth it.   I tried some amazing wines that are rare but such an experience.  The presentation of each dish was like a graceful performance in a fancy show.  We were mesmerized by each small plate.  The cocktails they slip in throughout the meal are crazy!  Here have this ball on a spoon, bam!  You just had a cava mojito with a hint of lime....what?  
We relished every dish and every sip of this meal.  
It's hard to explain all 24 courses because it's not just flavor, it's a feeling, experience, mood altering, seeing is believing show.  Truffle cotton candy?  yum...
Now my husband is looking up WD-50 in New York... a place he swore we would never go.  heh heh heh.....
This was an amazing experience for me.  People have described much of the food already, but I wanted to address some of the lower rated reviews.  I think what makes this a different type of meal than your average expensive restaurant is that it is actually an experience that requires some participation.  

The seating is small (max of 8 people, my dinner had 6 total) and intimate.  Including myself and my SO, there were 2 other couples, and none of the pairings knew the other.  Our chef (Cody) started pretty even-keeled, and we didn't engage right off the bat.  So if you are quiet and don't feel like engaging, your shyness will reverberate through the room.

I think the type of person who would enjoy this experience the most, or the proper way to enjoy it, is for someone to spark up conversation with your neighbors, the chefs, and the servers.  That energy will carry through the room, get everyone going, and make the night a very different experience than you would get at say Robuchon or Guy Savoy.

So if you don't really like talking to strangers (and can be honest with yourself about it), maybe you're better off spending your money at some of the other blowout restaurants in Vegas.
Had the truffle menu in Dec2012 and will rename my first born Fried Bone Marrow.  Standouts were the first course with creamy espuma atop the sherry/tonic cocktail, truffle sandwich, fish w fried bone marrow, pork, salt baked foie, petal infused cotton candy w cheese soup, truff w cotton candy and artichoke w truffle. Tried Bazaar two weeks later; don't bother.
YOOOOO DIS PLACE IS amziing!!!!!!! juicy steak.. just thinking about it makes me salivate, on some real. sigh, it lives up to it's reputation, that's for sure. only downside was that i was starving and portions weren't that big. but that's cool, i ordered some other plate to accompany it, and it was amazing as well. i forgot what it was, SORRY! the drink was sexy tasting. some kind of mojito... i think blackberry, yeah, i'm pretty sure it was a blackberry mojito. this whole trip is just a big blur. hope this review is helpful :D
I don't see how anyone can NOT give this 5 stars...assuming you can get a reservation in time.  

I had initially made a reservation at Sage (Aria) since I had seen some good reviews regarding that place.  But then I realized that I had always wanted to try a molecular gastronomy restaurant.  Since Las Vegas is a great place for foodies like myself and my girlfriend, I decided to google molecular gastronomy in the area.  And voile!  E by Jose Andres.  That meant I didn't have to fly all the way to Chicago to eat at Alinea (although i still would love to try that place).  Also, E costs 1/4 as much as Alinea, so it's a steal either way.  

Must say that I was quite stunned when E's website only had a picture of their symbol and an email address through which you make reservations.  I had read that you used to have to make a reservation 1 month in advance but more recently, it looks like at least a few months in advance.  I had only started looking at this option at the beginning of January for a reservation in the middle of January so I knew my chances were slim, but I still sent in a request.  Luckily enough, they had 2 seats available for when I was there!  Scanned and emailed my credit card information and my seats were reserved.

Now on to the experience.  When you arrive (they request you to be there at least 15 min early), you are seated near the bar and presented with a list of cocktails and wines on an ipad.  They give you the option of getting the alcohol pairings for the meal or just ordering a la carte.  We opted for the a la carte since we were there for the food and not the wine (plus it costs almost as much for the wine pairing as for the food so for us, it probably would have not added that much more in terms of enjoyment).  

Once it was show time, we were taken into a secluded and rather well decorated room with a semi-circular table, around which were 8 seats.  The sous chef was waiting there for us and gave us a brief introduction.  Then, they began rolling out ~22 courses (I still need to count the pictures) right in front of our eyes, using various molecular techniques.  One technique which prevailed through multiple dishes was the process of making purees and/or drinks, modifying it with some natural substance and then dropping it into a bowl of liquid to form identical spheres of liquid.  This was prepared at different temperatures to show that it was stable not only at a low temperature but also relatively high temperatures.  The first one was a cocktail enclosed in a rather large sphere and presented in a soup spoon, and another was a pureed white bean, enclosed in small spheres and presented in a shallow bowl of broth.  

Overall, the experience was both exciting and educating.  They allowed us to ask any questions we liked about the processes they were using.  The portions were just right and we never felt like we were waiting too long in between courses.  We did not feel hungry at the end and were very satisfied with the meal.  Some of the memorable dishes were:  Truffle-flavored cotton candy, enclosed cocktail, turbot with deep friend bone marrow, and saffron-flavored ice cream with chocolate shavings.  One of the drinks that was paired at the end was their gin and tonic.  Everybody was raving about it so we tried one.  IT WAS AMAZING!  I never liked gin before, but the balance of this one was so nice and not too overpowering with the gin.  They used a large round sphere of ice so the surface area of the ice was less and would not end up diluting out the drink as quickly!

Anyway, I could write way more.  there is just not enough words to describe how awesome the experience was.  Great company, great food; what more could you ask for?  Would definitely go back.
What a meal and evening! A truly spectacular dining experience! My wife's Christmas present was this meal, so we planned our Vegas trip around it. 8:30pm showtime and then we headed back to the dining room inspired by Jose Andres' brain. From there the delicious successes started coming from the 'kitchen' - literally the chef's table is directly in front of the guests. Getting the opportunity to discuss the courses with the Chef team was a highlight!

Memorable dishes included: Crispy chicken skin, zucchini in textures and so many more.

See all of the courses and a description of each on my blog: http://sprtzcstr.blogspot.com/

Highly recommended and worth every penny.
I'm writing this review based on a meal from May 2011.

Amazing food. Probably one of the best dining experiences of my life. Fantastic service, fun meal with great interaction. I met a few people off of another food site that I knew while my wife and I were there. Perfect wine pairings. Jose Andreas happened to be there for Vegas Uncorked, so that was fun as well. Reservations were actually quite a bit simpler than I expected. The prices have gone up quite a bit since we went, but it would still be a choice destination given the most recent pictures and reviews.  We hung around in Jaleo after a 23 course meal and proceeded to eat various samples of paella because we asked if we could sample them and they just started coming... they're quite accommodating.  

Highly recommended.
very cool experience. the food is really well presented and more importantly delicious. had the drink pairings with it, everybody else split with their date, we didn't know you could do that but it was nice having separate drinks.

you share the room with maybe 10 others seated in front of the chefs at a bar, and they briefly explain what they're making. 

the liquid olive stands out in my mind. pretty amazing.

we went for a special occasion, really enjoyed ourselves, and will keep that experience unique.
We ate here Jan 2013

I'm waffling between 3 and 5 stars, so I settled on 4.  

3 stars because it is just SO damned pricey (!) and I wish the staff would have been a little more friendly/chatty.     

5 stars because it was a unique experience and very entertaining.   

Would I do it again?   Nope.   Am I glad I did it once?   Yep.
Ate here on Saturday night, March 2, 2013, 8:30 seating.  

You won't be disappointed if you go here.  After reading all the reviews, my expectations were quite high...and they were met.   If you can, my only recommendation would be to be closest to the person that leads you into the dining room so that you're furthest away from the door.  Jaleo is quite a loud open seated restaurant and some of the noise from Jaleo drifts into e'.

Other than that...have a good time and be ready for a $650+ bill.  $195 per person for food, $50 corkage, $92 auto gratuity, two cups of coffee, and tax.
Bravo!  The best meal to date in my lifetime.  It's definitely a once in a lifetime experience.  It was 20+ courses, I lost track after 7.  If you've been to Bazaar at LA, it's similar in the effect of molecular gastronomy dining.  Dinner is taken place in the chef's private kitchen counter.  It seats about 8 ppl.  It's a really cool room.  You get one on one time w/ the chef the entire experience so you can ask questions & make conversation if he's willing.  

The food was amazing, I'd highly recommend if you're willing to splurge & appreciate good food.  My favorite highlights of the dinner was the truffle cotton candy, fish brioche sandwich, cheese plate, lobster, and foie gras baked in salt(need I say more!)).  My favorite dessert is definitely the pan con chocolate - don't even know where to begin describing it.  

Yay, I have the best friends!  Hearts galore!
Dining here has become the most unique experience ive ever had when if comes to food.  The dinning room was smaller than I had expected,  but if never felt cramped or clostrophobic. The fact that they have only a few seats made the intimacy less intimidating.  We were sat on the edge next to some friendly folks from the Midwest.  

Chef Cody and his team were thoughtful as they explained every dish we ate.  Our meal was the definition of elevated comfort food.  From beginning to end there was nothing we ate that was not succulent or exquisite. 

If we ever decide to take another trip go Vegas as a couple, this place is going to be on our list again! (And we don't do repeats too often for fine dining experiences...)

Here's a general list of what we ate:
-rebujito
-idiazabal macaron
-truffle cotton candy (with gold leaf-most memorable item purely for the "Wow!" factor)
-apple brazo ded gitano
-nitro almond cup
-barquillo
-almejas al natural
-bocata crispy chicken skin in escabeche
-cava sangria
-artichoke puree with vanilla
-lobster with citrus and jasmine
-chickpea stew with iberico ham (yum!)
-turbot with bone marrow (what's not to love??)
-whole lobe of foie gras baked in salt (it's foie...  amazingly silky foie!)
-secreto of iberico pork with squid (more of that delicious spanish ham)
-torta passcualete with (more) cotton candy
-pan con chocolate
-arroz con leche (not what I expect, but definitely better than I expected!)
-cocoa paper with dried strawberry (meh...)
-25 second bizcocho (very cool!)
-saffron chocolate

Because of the intimate setting I expected impeccable service and was not disappointed.

Fingers crossed there's a Vegas trip in our (near) future!!!
One of the most memorable meals we've had.  This is a dinner show in its most whimsical and high end form.  I won't bother running through the 26 dishes we had here since the menu will constantly evolve and part of the fun of dining here is the surprise factor.  

Just know this - you won't necessarily like all the flavor combinations, and this may not be the most 'delicious' meal ever, but it's one of the best combination experiences out there.  Having been to Saam at the Bazaar in LA, I would say this meal blows that away in terms of creativity and intimacy.  You are served at an 8 guest bar by Chef Cody Jeffs, two assistant chefs, and 2 servers.  The courses come in succession and you will find yourself with a smile on your face through much of the night I'm sure.

The only complaint with our experience, which I was willing to overlook in my 5 star review, was the coordination of the experience when you arrive.  The actual room for é by José Andrés is within Jaleo as most know.  When we arrived with our golden tickets (sent a week before), we got a bit of a confused look from the Jaleo hostess.  After a short wait, she was walking us to a table to sit down and review beverage options when she realized we had a party of 4 and not 2.  This was strange since my reservation was for 4, our tickets said a party of 4, so how could she not know?  Anyways, with Jaleo being jam packed at 8pm, she said that there actually wasn't a table available to accommodate us and we had to find seating outside and someone would come find us.  She pointed us to a general seating area outside of Jaleo where there weren't even 4 seats together.  I wouldn't have been so annoyed if the emails from é  didn't specifically ask us to come early.  For the price and experience that is é , they really need to figure out a better way to welcome their 8 guests.  I fully understand that the 5:30 show was probably still wrapping up and that Jaleo was at it's peak when we arrived, but there should still be a system worked out by now that would be a much warmer welcome at this stage.

Again, the experience once inside made me forget about my initial annoyance.  This is a great dining and entertainment experience and fits perfectly with what Vegas is all about.  I will definitely be looking for an opportunity to go to minibar in DC after this experience.
Once was definitely not enough for é by José Andrés.  I dined here in September of 2011 and I felt the need to go back and try some of the newer things being described by newer reviews.

Last night's experience was just as good or better than my first time.  There were some dishes that were the same, but many were different.  Sitting in the private room with your fellow diners, watching the chefs put together the courses and watching their meticulous plating work is an incredible experience.  We had only 4 diners last night because the others couldn't keep their reservation due to airline delay.

One of the dishes that I especially like is the dehydrated meringue filled with bleu cheese and topped with praline cream.  This was served both times I was here and it is superb!  One thing new last night was the foie gras baked in salt.  Exceptional when it was served with the citrus juice.

Another dish of note was the crispy chicken skin with two chicken oysters.  Wow, such thin, crisp chicken skin and the wonderful oysters on the skin.  It was a delicate pick up to eat.

One final dish of note, although they almost all are, was the ham and bean soup.  The ham flavor is in the broth and the beans are three large beans created from three kinds of deconstructed beans and reformed into these luscious, soft gems.  Wow!

For anyone who wants to have an exceptional meal, make your reservations via email and do go.  It is pricey, but remember, it is both a show and a great meal all in one.  I'll wager some lose more in a couple hands of blackjack than they'll spend here.

I am pleased to be guest #1693 and #6212.  In another year or so when they rotate some new dishes in, I'll go back and get my third gold ticket--one of the few things I save.
I arrived on time for my reservation, coveted golden ticket in hand.  I was - understandably - giddy with excitement for the night's intimately exclusive molecular gastronomy show.  

Within the first few courses, I was eating truffled cotton candy sprinkled in gold leaf out of the palm of José  Andrés' hand - literally.  Or at least, a cast replica of it.  The eight life-sized replicas, admittedly, were a bit creepy when all lined up along the bar.  

The real show-stopper of my night was the salt crusted foie gras, which made its grand entrance on a cutting board hoisted over Chef Cody's shoulder.  That's right:  one fattened duck liver, cooked beneath a thick layer of salt.  I couldn't help but to squeal in delight when I saw it.  Unfortunately, I wasn't convinced that salt crust is a fantastic way to serve foie gras, and though it was still delicious, I can name a dozen other preparations that I'd have preferred.  Also disappointingly, they did not cut the foie gras tableside, but rather, took it back into the kitchen to crack the salt shell, cut and plate.

Which is to say, they are not cooking in front of you.  Much is done in front of the diners, but the cooking, for the most part, is not it.  Mostly, its the finalization steps and the plating.  The dirty work takes place behind the closed kitchen door.  

But that's not the reason for the four-star review.  

The evening started on a sour note when the host/captain seated us in the waiting area with the other guests who were to be sitting at the chef's table that evening.  They gave us water to quench our thirst while they discussed the drink pairings of the evening.  I happily nodded in agreement when asked whether I would like to participate;  so did some others.  Soon after, he showed an ipad to the gentlemen sitting at the end of the table, and asked whether they were interested in pre-dinner cocktails.  One of my party members glanced at the menu, then asked whether the host had anything to recommend.  I waited patiently.  After the gentleman decided on his beverage, the host was gone.  

Knowing me, my dining habits, and the fact that I would also like a cocktail, my dining companion handed me the iPad, where I browsed Jaleo's beverage offerings, then made a request when the host returned with my friend's drink.  Without blinking an eye, this guy asked me whether I could wait a moment, as in "a few minutes", I would be seated with the evening's first alcoholic beverage pairing in front of me.  

I was confused.  

I asked whether a "few minutes" meant less than the amount of time it takes to make a drink and have it brought to the waiting area.  He corrected himself and said that I would be seated "shortly," and should not fear my immediate thirst.  

At this point, I turned my body in my seat toward the captain, looked him in the eye, and asked, "are you saying I shouldn't have a drink because it really IS a huge amount of alcohol we're getting tonight, or is it because of my size, gender, or ethnicity?"  I look at him expectantly.  

Host comes to a dead stop.  He tells me he'll get me my drink immediately.  And he does.

So here's the thing.  I've done the tasting menu thing pretty regularly.  I've always done the alcoholic pairings - and in some cases, will even spring for the reserve tier offerings.  I mean, a sommelier's pairings is generally the optimal way to bring out all the flavors the chef intended in his tasting menu.  Nobody has ever denied me a pre dinner cocktail, or not offered me beverage pairings when they were supposed to, or has ever treated me differently than any of the men in my party - in spite of my size, and the generalization that asian females can't handle their liquor.  This was certainly a first for me.  

At the end of the night, after I'd consumed all my drink pairings, including the porron and pre-dinner cocktail, and paid my own ~$450 bill, I smiled happily at the host, then gleefully said to him, "and look, I'm still standing up, all on my own!"

Then I was off for the night, wandering my way through Vegas for more booze...
A restaurant that's named with a lowercase é,
to eat here again, I truly do pray.
The food was amazing, service tout parfait,
an exclusive Las Vegas gourmet cabaret.

I don't know how to even write a review for this place. Let me start by saying that in terms of both the food and the general experience, it was one of the best meals I've ever had. 

My companion and I were guests  #6361 and 6362 in the book, and I don't think it will be the last time I get to write an entry. Really, some people have complained about the price, but if you think about it as both a dinner and a show, it isn't a bad deal. Two front-row tickets to 'O' is around $400, two front-row seats at é including dinner is about $700-800. And at é, they let you interact with the entertainment. 

I would love to eat here with a group, but it'd be hard to pick just 7 friends to bring. Sadly, an older couple monopolized my dinner companion, and I was seated on the end, so I spent a fair bit of dinner just watching the chefs intently. It's a bit of a crapshoot (no pun intended), whom you'll be seated with. But it didn't ruin the experience entirely, as enjoying the spectacle of the chefs plating and serving everything is a big part of the fun.

Almost all of the menu items were amazing on some level, but my personal, most craveable favorites were:
- the vinegar mussels (mejillones en escabeche)
- the salted, baked foie gras with citrus preparation
- the "pan con chocolate" (has to be experienced to understand)
- more than anything, the apple meringue ("brazo de gitano" ... which, in my limited Spanish knowledge, I'm pretty sure means "gypsy arm". I don't know either.)

Seriously... I have to figure out how to make apple meringue, now. 

Additionally, the initial cocktail served was one of the most delicious drinks I've ever had. If I could go to Jaleo and just have that cocktail, it would be worth the walk through the Cosmo.

The thing is, I wasn't expecting to like it as much as I did. I tend to like kind of low-brow food (my favorite restaurant is also a Pakistani grocery store), so this outing was more for my companion who has a penchant for haute cuisine. I read that it was considered one of the "more accessible" restaurants by josé andrés, which put me at ease, and rightly so. Everything was delicious, even to my relatively unrefined palate. Accessibility is probably a smart choice for Vegas.

Dinner lasted about 2-2.5 hours, from 5:30ish to 8, so you'll be out in time to play some craps or roulette before a 10pm show.

What else can I say that hasn't already been said? I feel privileged to have had the chance to eat here, and will return as soon as the company and timing is right.
This is a very delicate meal that was intriguing.  Delicious flavors with different flavors.  I do have a sweet tooth, and some ot the items are sweet and savory. Delicious.  Keep in mind there is almost 20 courses.  Service was perfect and professional.  Table seats up to 8 people.  Reservations are taken a month in advance so plan ahead!!!!
Anyone who gives this place a bad rating is crazy!!  

My husband and I were guests 6567 and 6568 at é, and it was the most delicious and entertaining meal we've ever experienced.  Everything from the cocktails to the appetizers to the main courses to the desserts were interesting, beautiful and delicious.  The plating was so intricate and impressive to watch, and the staff were all so friendly and willing to answer questions and tell stories.  

I was a little bit nervous about my nut allergy, which can be challenging at restaurants... but that was unnecessary.  Just be sure to tell them in advance on the questionnaire that they send you, and they go out of their way to accommodate.  I thought perhaps I'd have to miss certain courses or have parts left out of dishes, but no... if there was a dish that they couldn't do right without nuts, they made me a completely different, special, nut free alternative.  Sometimes I felt bad because mine looked even better than everyone else's :)  It was so nice to be able to sit back and relax and know that my allergy was being taken seriously.

I should also mention that we shared one of the drink pairings, and this was fantastic!  Several wine pairings, a beer, and a couple cocktails at the end.  The drinks really highlighted each of the flavors - it was pretty amazing.

Yes, it's expensive... but in my opinion totally worth it.  An intimate and entertaining show and delicious dinner all wrapped in one - such a perfect experience!
The experience was unforgettable.  Eight of us went together and it was the best private dining experience I've had to date. (Closest exception may be the private room at the French Laundry for ten). The food, the wine/cocktail pairing and the service were exceptional.  There was one dish that I didn't really care for, Kokotxas al pil-pil (codfish jowl), but all the other dishes more than made up for it.  They served 6 dessert courses.  All of them were amazingly well composed.  The sweet wine pairings were just perfect.  I would definitely want to go back.
Dishes experienced:

Rebujito - Sherry Tonic Water and Orange Blossom Espuma

Idiazabal Macaron

Seta Surprise - Two textures of wild Chanterelle

Nitro Almond Cup - Marcona almond purée and Almas Aria caviar - (cup and filling in 2 texture of almond)

Squash Merengue - White Truffle Shavings and Cream

Barquillo - Anchovy and Truffle

Almejas Al Natural - Clams spheriphication with clam liqueur

Bocato de Bacalao - Fresh Cod Jowl on Bread

Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - Chicken Skin Base, two chicken oysters, thyme air and thyme powder

Cava Sangria - Spheriphication with bits of fruit and herb suspended within a carbonated sphere 

Artichoke 'puree' with Truffle - Vanilla Sabayon, Lemon Puree, Pork demiglace, Artichoke Heart, White Truffle

Lobster with Citrus and Jasmine - Lobster Sauce, Jasmine Air, Citrus Garnish

Chickpea Stew with Iberico Ham - The tender "chickpeas" floated on a silky, rich jamón ibérico broth, dotted with chorizo oil, parsley oil and olive oil (chickpeas were actually puréed and spherified)

Turbot with Bone Marrow - Marrow Tots, Blue Mountain Coffee (Filet was actually sous-vide with the skin crisped a la plancha and placed back on the fish along with crispy fins and sauce of bone marrow)

Whole Lobe of Foie Gras baked in Salt - bitter chocolate, confit grapefruit, basil flowers, clementine sauce

Secreto of Iberico Pork with Truffle - white truffle pork jus

Torta Pascualete with Cotton Candy - cheese from Spain, hazelnut brown butter and cotton candy

Flan - with oranges and ice (Creamsicle)

Pan Con Chocolate with Truffle - Saffron Espuma, Crystalized Bread, Frozen Chocolate Powder, Maldon Sea Salt, Shredded White Truffle, Olive Oil

Aroz Con Leche - Rice Pudding in a crispy sugar cone

Truffle Cotton Candy - Edible gold, truffle oil, truffle salt, sliced truffle

25 Second Bizcocho - Almond Cake with Cream Filling

Saffron Chocolate - Milk Chocolate with Saffron and Maldon Sea Salt

Catalonian Porron with Lemon Beer

After the thinkfoodgroup stiffed me last minute on a minibar reservation I had every reason to boycott their restaurants for all time yet given the strong reviews of the restaurant-within-a-restaurant é by Jose Andres at Jaleo I simply could not resist the temptation...especially when I learned that Jose himself would be in town at Christmas when the restaurant was hosting a truffle-centric extended tasting for five days only.  Pricey to be sure, part due to the luxury ingredients and part due to the location and exclusivity, this was one of those reservations that required a signed contract and pre-payment and the sort that came with great anticipation...it even came with a golden ticket just to get you in the door...and it was worth it.

Without a doubt one of my five best meals in 2012 the eve of Christmas Eve bled into the early hours of the 24th as I sat with one other man from Arizona and a family of six from the Carolinas as Andres and his team sent out twenty three courses of elegant, fun, and mostly delicious cuisine ranging from a meringue of squash that disappeared like a magic trick in the mouth flooding the palate with the intense perfume of truffles to a thick slice buttery foie gras rendered refreshing though the use of citrus juxtaposing dark chocolate.

Presented by a kitchen of four acting as both chefs and servers while the maître d made his way around the room pouring exotic wines (a $200+ pairing) for my dining partners and unlimited bottled water (a mere $8) for myself service throughout the experience was truly exemplary - each dish with a story and inspiration described at length and timing impeccable.  Surely adding to the meal were the strangers with whom I dined, the wine taking its toll and everyone joyful in the season, and no more so than when the kitchen passed around a porron before dessert - myself missing a few drops at the beginning but performing admirably while some did far better...and some FAR worse...as everyone laughed along.

Having enjoyed thinkfoodgroup's food in the past but generally not the service é by Jose Andres turned out to be everything I'd hoped for; a truly memorable meal that warrants both the price and the praise - a rarity in fine dining, particularly in Las Vegas.
Beyond exceptional.  Dinning on another level.  The deserts were out of this world.  The little ham and cheese sandwich was amazing.  Honestly, of the 20 courses, I'd say only 2 weren't 5 star amazing.

Pricey, so be aware of the cost going in!  Need to book it 3 months in advance Often.
I'll start with a cliche..."words cannot describe how good this place was"....but I'll try anyway. 

You have to get a reservation ahead of time. e does not have a website--more like a landing page with an email address. We were fortunate enough to get the 5:30 time slot during the busy memorial day weekend. It made me nervous thinking that we would somehow miss the reservation--since there is a hefty cancellation fee--so make sure you can go!

We got our golden tickets in the mail--that made us feel very special. 

e is a private room in Jaleo--a Jose Andres restaurant in the Cosmopolitan. When you check in, they ask you to wait near the bar of Jaleo where you get an iPad menu to select cocktails. Then they direct you into the back room--which is big enough for an 8-person bar seating area. Everyone has an intimate view of the chefs assembling the dishes. 

Yes, it's expensive at $200 per person without drinks, gratuity included. But this shouldn't be compared to a regular dinner. It's a dinner and a show with exceptional service. There are two waiters for the 8 diners--that's impeccable service. Despite the price tag, it's not a snooty atmosphere by any means. The chefs talk about the dishes as the assemble them--and we asked lots of questions. It was so refreshing to be around fellow food nerds. 

Not to mention the food is phenomenal and utterly indescribable. This is what i would think of as advanced molecular gastronomy (although they don't really like that label). They play with your senses--and whatever your seeing in front of you doesn't taste like what you'd expect. Everything is inspired from Spanish cuisine. Every time I ate one of the 20+ courses, I said "oh my god!" My favorites were the courses that incorporated cheese--dessert was a bit of a let-down after all the wonderful courses before it. But still very good. You do get full towards the end, but you can take your time. 

Just prepared to be surprised. I highly recommend it --think of it as once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Dear é,
 I love you!

How to:  é  is, as stated by other yelpers, a restaurant within Jaleo at The Cosmo hotel.  Reservations must be made, via email request, a month ahead.  There are two "showings" a night, five nights a week, with 8 diners per "show."  I feel special!  About a week before your reservation, you receive your GOLDEN TICKETS a la Willy Wonka in the mail.  Such a fun and whimsical touch, that truly did build my anticipation for the dinner.  I couldn't wait to show my ticket to all of my friends who didn't care what I was raving about at all, haha.  So you arrive to Jaleo and present your ticket, then review beverage pairing options before entering the hidden room to dine.

Service & Atmosphere:  Atmosphere so comfortable and unassuming.  The secret room was sort of like being inside Jose Andres mind.  Have I mentioned whimsical yet?  We had a maitre d, one lead chef and her team of three chefs, and I believe two waitresses.... for the eight of us.  Needless to say, I never had a need that was left unmet.  My water glass never half empty and my wine glass always refilled.  My questions answered before I could even direct them towards anyone.  The lead chef was adorable and personable, joking with us and being an amazing hostess.  It's so obvious that every employee was passionate about their work.  The story that accompanied each dish definitely is one of the aspects that makes the meal stand out to me.  By the end of the two hour meal, I was torn- I couldn't possibly fit another bite of food in my stomach but I was so sad to have the experience end.  The service was amazing, the fellow diners were amazing, and the food was obviously exceptional.

FOOD:  Touched on every sense.  The textures, the smells, the presentation, the taste and the background stories for each dish were just so perfect.  23 courses, including certain beverage courses like the kava caviar sangria... sort of the fanciest most amazing jello shot I've ever had.  How will I ever eat again, if it isn't a dish from e?  I don't think I can manage real food anymore haha.  The food was explained as Spanish Avant Garde Tapas; Jose Andres took Spanish comfort food and memories and experiences and transformed them with molecular gastronomy and innovation.  Half of the fun was receiving your dish, trying to guess what it was going to taste like... and being completely (delightfully) wrong.  The chefs are so meticulous, it's amazing to watch and even more amazing to taste.  Some of the food was so pretty I almost didn't want to ruin it by eating it.  You must get the beverage pairing, by the way; it elevated the meal.

I won't go over all 23 courses (they do change from time to time, by the way) but some notable were the:
**Marienda--- it looked like the simplest of all dishes, a grilled cheese sandwich I mean really?  But I took a bite and just wow... So the "Marienda" is a play on a sandwich that kids will receive in Spain as an afterschool snack, generally cheese and ham.  The bread was steamed brioche bun, so fluffy the best brioche I'd ever had and the only time I've experienced it steamed.  The ham was iberico, the best ham in the world!  Truly.  And some sort of Spanish goat cheese.  For a dish that looked so unassuming, the flavors popped.  I wanted to order a whole box of these just to take home!  
**Spanish tapas experience all in one.  The idea is that you walk into a bar, you have a cocktail with some olives.  You maybe get some seafood to snack on.  The dish was mussels with liquid olives and orange air.  I'm not even a fan of mussels, at all, but wow it all just made so much sense together.  Liquid olives by the way, are very tasty.
**Fried chicken skin, topped with chicken oyster and thyme air.  The most essential taste of chicken I've ever had, so tasty.
**Other tastes: Chocolate paper with dried strawberries, saffron cream, caramelized baguette, iberico broth, squid ink, cod collar, rare skinless creamy Spanish beans, pork & squid ala plancha, truffle & anchovy cookie interpretation, apple merengue, blue cheese cream, almond 3 ways : puree almond shell, almond milk whip cream, almond dust and caviar, lobster with citrus and jasmine air, salt roasted foie

Exceptional dining experience, I highly recommend.
Love,
#6779
Incredible.  Amazing.  Spellbinding.  Fantastic.  Adjectives cannot really do justice since this is a true sensory experience.  8 people in a semi-circle.  Many many many courses all lovingly assembled in the most artistic way you can imagine.  Get the drink pairing.  An over the top experience.  You're not a real foodie until you've done this!
My husband and I decided to splurge for our 5 year anniversary and try the molecular gastronomy cuisine that this place has to offer. We made our reservations about a month in advance thru email, printed, signed and scanned our confirmation, and received our golden tickets in the mail. 

We arrived at the host stand at Jaleo and were seated at the bar, while we waited for the rest of the party to arrive, and made drink selections. We opted to get one cocktail pairing and one mocktail pairing. 

We were escorted into the back room, which is decorated rather "whimsically" in a room lined with library card catalogue drawers and a little doll in a cage. It was a little weird, but not off-putting.

The chefs introduced themselves and began creating our first cocktail with some liquid nitrogen. From then on each of the many courses were assembled in front of us and then served "fine dining" style so we could all eat at the same time and comment on what we enjoyed about the dish. This was a lot of fun, and really, everything was so good. Some of the standouts for me (and I don't have the menu in front of me, I'll just put it in lamest terms) were the blue cheese filled appetizer, the chicken dish, and the pork dish. I surprisingly also liked the chocolate shavings with the olive oil - which is a combo I would never think would work, but did! Anyway, I won't go into detail with every dish, because I'm sure the menu changes all the time, so you don't know what to except, but it is so worth it. 

The cocktail pairing was not exclusively wine, as usual with most restaurants, but actually included a few cocktails, some wine, a beer and a coffee drink. The mocktail included drinks similar to the cocktail pairing, albeit alcohol, and some things like tomato water, watermelon fresca, and sangria. I thought the mocktail pairing was really fun, and I was glad my husband and I ordered both so we could try all of it. 

The service was impeccable. My only complaint was that I didn't get to see as much "molecular gastronomy" as I had hoped, since most of the items were already prepared ahead of time, then just assembled in front of you. Still, worth the experience and the $$$$ you will spend. Left the restaurant feeling satisfied and buzzed. Good times!
If you have the privelage to step into this world of food heaven simply called "e" you will not be disappointed. So personal, so relaxed, so magical, so amazingly delicious... It's worth every penny. All the other yelpers summed it up, so I won't repeat their words of praise and will end this review with one simple recommendation... Go and savor every bite! - guest #7006
Wow! Everything about e was amazing. From the service to the drinks to every delicious morsel of food I stuffed in my body. Great dining experience, very intimate and interesting. Highly recommend this to any "foodie" out there who appreciates trying new foods and experiences!
Yay, we finally got to experience molecular gastronomy cuisine after watching it on the food network for so many years.  

Great place to go for a special occasion, love getting the golden tickets in the mail  :)

Price wasn't too bad when you consider you're paying for a show and food.  Probably not coming back anytime soon, too many other good places to try in Vegas.
Eating out of a shoe was simply unappetizing    Portions were spotty  and nothing stood out     A disappointment
Awesome evening out. Food, service and overall experience was wonderful. We opted for a bottle of wine instead of the drink pairings and were very pleased with the staff's recommendations.
I've been to many of Jose Andres' restaurants and while most have been amazing, I've also been let down by a few. For this reason, I wasn't sure what to expect at e. Obviously it's a very different experience than most of his restaurants with only 8 seats and the sheer exclusivity of it adds to the experience itself. 

I have to say though that for me, e is the pinnacle of what JA stands for -- AMAZING food, a unique and unfortgettable experience and service bar none. 

I'm not going to get into every dish we had as every review above and below me has already done that plus the menu changes constantly so your meal will differ from mine anyways.  I will say that every dish that came out was even more amazing than the one you just had and thought couldn't be topped. I can't even pick a 'favorite' as almost all of them were my favorites! 

My least favorite (if there was a least!) was actually the salt encrusted roasted foie gras. I've never had foie gras prepared this way and have to admit I definitely prefer it sauteed or pate style. Don't get me wrong it was okay but roasting it seemed to mellow the fg tasted which for this fg-lover is the last thing I ever wanna do. ;-)  

The amazing food aside, everything else about e is spectacular. It really is like watching a show unfold in front of you with the Chef preparing almost everything right before your eyes. I also love how the servers and chefs coordinate to serve every diner at the exact same moment. The timing is truly amazing. 

If you get the chance to go, most definitely GO - don't even think twice about it! Yes, it's not cheap but it's worth EVERY penny and is a dinner you won't ever forget! :-)
Dinner for two without alcohol is $600. With wine-pairing for two is $1500 including tips. 

Is it worthy? DEFINITELY!!!

Make your reservation now and plan a trip around it. Its definitely once a lifetime experience!
Came here with my bf, was a bit late but still accommodated us which was nice. Although other's weren't as delighted. 

The 'show' experience, isn't much of a 'show', just food prep in front of you. The food sectioned off into three, snacks (apps), entree (bigger bites), and dessert. After the cheese course, #14, came the dessert.

I needed a gluten free menu and they accommodated, but I did sort of feel like I was left out, at least for the cocoa mud slide dish. 

The entire thing is 20 courses, and I have to say the only thing that was memorable was the chicken snack and the bean soup. 

With a ginger ale, no alcohol, 2 people, bill came around to $520ish..with tips included. They included a service fee, which was more like WTF is this for..no explanation of course.

Would I come back? Probably not, the other parties were dudes, and I was the only girl, and not much interaction among us all. I like to mingle with other people especially if it's only 8 of us, but whatever.
To call é a restaurant is a huge oversimplification.   é is a mix of high-end restaurant, stage show, cooking school, and private dinner party that's completely different from anything I've ever experienced before.

Reservations were hard to get.  Phone calls are a no-go -- and you have to email at least a month in advance.  Even then, a signed form and credit card guarantee are required before the spot is officially yours.  The work is worth it once that beautiful golden ticket arrives in the mail 2 weeks later.  

(There are only two seatings per night, 8 people each.  If you *really* want a seat, it helps to be flexible with dates.)

I went to é on a Sunday night, my last in Vegas.  I showed my ticket to the hostess at Jaleo, and she sat me at a table with the other guests waiting to be escorted into é's secret dining room in the back (which is awesomely decorated like a surrealist's library).  What struck me is how the people visiting é are *not* typical Vegas tourists and gamblers.  Apparently, é is a magnet for critics, bloggers, food photographers, (Yelpers?), and general gastrophiles -- in short, people who adore good food and adore talking about it even more.  It's very easy to make new friends at é!

Once inside, we were introduced to Chef Cody Jeffs and his team of sous chefs and servers.  A server took our drink orders -- a glass of Sauvignon blanc for me -- from Jaleo's drink menu.  (FYI, é offers a very elaborate and expensive wine pairing.  Don't feel peer-pressured to order it.  Nobody in our group of 8 did, and everything about the experience was still fantastic.)

Then the show began!  And what a show it was.  Twenty courses of world-class molecular gastronomy assembled before my very eyes.  Throughout the experience, there was lots of banter, laughter, clinking of glasses, and questions and interactions with Chef Jeffs.  é may be upscale, but it's completely unpretentious.  It's lots of fun, actually!  (The word I heard most often was "whoa!!!".)

There were too many dishes to detail, but here's the basic rundown of what I tasted:

1. Rebujito cocktail
2. Brazo de gitano
3. Nitro almond cup
4. Barquillo
5. Olives "el vermut"
6. Merienda
7. Crispy chicken skin en escabeche
8. Cava sangria
9. Fabes con jamon
10. Lobster with citrus and jasmine
11. Kokotxas al pil-pil (cod jowls)
12. Lobe of foie gras baked in salt
13. Secreto of iberico pork with crispy squid
14. Torta pascualete with cotton candy
15. Flan with shaved ice
16. Pan con chocolate
17. Arroz con leche
18. Cocoa paper with dried strawberries
19. 25-second bizcocho
20. Chocolate assortment

My favorites?  The merienda (a ham-and-cheese pancake-type creation) and the torta pascualete (a sweet-and-savory cheese dish).  The kava sangia was definitely the most unusual -- a sphere of booze that seems to evaporate milliseconds after I put it in my mouth.  A close second was the 25-second bizcocho (a cone-shaped cake "baked" for 25 seconds in the microwave).  Oh?  And the flan?  I've never had a flan as smooth and luxurious as the flan at é.  But really, there isn't a single dish at é that was less than sublime.  Chef Jeffs and his staff deserved their standing ovation.  :-)

All the individual portions are tiny, so 20 courses of them left me feeling comfortably full but not overstuffed.  The staff at é even let me take home the menu (and a bookmark with my own personal guest number on it) as mementos.  The menu changes seasonally, so a new menu awaits those who wait 3 months before visiting again.

Thanks for the amazing evening, é.  It's one I'll never forget!  

-- David (guest #7279)
We have wanted to try e for a really long time, but every time we called (usually the night of) it was already booked! Finally, I planned in advance and went on August 22. It was fun and delicious - I would go back - but not as top-notch as it should be for the hype and the price. Also, there are a few things I didn't like about the experience, explained below.

The meal is served in a small dining area back and to the right of the bar. Eight people sit around a small kitchen, where some prep-work is done. I didn't like how dark it was - clearly this was done for mood, but it went beyond the typical mood lighting and was made it difficult to see everything that was going on. I am also not sure how I felt about the seating arrangement. It made dinner conversation a bit awkward (you pretty much don't feel comfortable talking about much other than the food in front of strangers). It was fun to be able to see some of the prep, but the truth is that most of what was done in front of us amounted to plating, pouring sauces, squeezing filling into tubes, etc. I have been to other molecular gastronomy restaurants that do much more theatrical table-side "shows" than this restaurant did in a kitchen set up for it, so that was a bit disappointing.

The food was the definite highlight! There were many stand-out courses (like the salt-crusted foie gras, although the portion was tiny compared to the huge mass they brought out to show us before taking it back to the kitchen to cut!). They gave us a lot of really interesting combinations, like chocolate and olive oil, and other savory/sweet combinations - even when the combinations didn't quite work, they were really interesting (but most of them really worked!)

A tip on the beverage pairing: get the lower-end one. I usually do just because I don't think I'm refined enough for it to make a huge difference! However in this case, I was really happy I did. One of the champagnes was served in something similar to a turkish coffee pot - the ones you lift way up high as you pour. We were instructed to do the same as we poured into our mouths. One person at our table ordered the high end pairing, and they served his in a regular champagne glass!

One final complaint: This is nitpicky, but when they brought the bill they made a point of telling us that service was already included (20%), but that we are always allowed to leave more, and it is always appreciated. I always think it is so tacky when they do that! The service actually was really friendly, but that turned me off. (I will note that the service was a bit too formal for my taste, especially when you are already sitting around a kitchen. They plated the dishes and then waited for more waiters to come so that they could serve everything at the exact same time. It seemed to be the opposite of the vibe they were going for.)

I would give the food four stars (delicious, but definitely not as good as other restaurants in the same price bracket, like Alinea), but the overall experience three stars. I would go back.
One of the top 3 dining experiences of my life... probably #1
Teeny tiny portions,  not enough to take even a second bite,  even if you liked it, which we did.
This was supposed to be my Holy Grail of food experiences. I had heard nothing but great things about é, I just had to find someone to go with that would be just as excited as I was to try it. Luckily, I found two people! We made our reservations 2 months in advance, knowing that there was 3 in our party, and they only seat 8 at a time, we thought it would be difficult since we had an odd number in our party. 

Finallly, the night came, I really couldn't contain my excitement for what was about to happen. We were led passed the bar area into another room. It was very quaint, dark and had a Spanish vibe to it. We were introduced to the culinary team. Cody, the sous chef was really good at explaining what dishes they were plating, and what we could expect when tasting the food. 

Out of the 20 tastings, a couple really stood out for me, #1 Lobster with Citrus & Jasmin, #2 Secreto Iberico Pork with Squid. My favorite dessert was the Pan con Chocolate. Two of my least favorites were the Foie Gras and the Fabes con Jamón, both were so salty I didn't finish either one. 

We all chose to do the wine pairing, which actually had beer and cocktails in the pairing. The alcohol was fantastic, although they were a little skimpy on the pours. Towards the end of the evening, we all felt they were rushing us a bit. There was a couple that showed up 20+ minutes late for dinner, so we thought maybe they were trying to make up for that time, but not cool to punish the rest of us. 

Reason for my 4 star rating? Everything was good, but it definitely wasn't mind blowing. Dinner, wine pairing and tax and service charge came to $416 a person. It just didn't match up. I didn't think what I had was worth it. Like I said, I didn't leave mind blown. I def wouldn't recommend someone trying this as their first tasting.
My dearest friends decided to surprise me by taking me here in July!  This dinner was unlike any dinner I've been to. We all sit at a round table--8 seatings no more no less and watch 3 people prepare our food in front of us, while narrating everything that went on. 

The food was delicious and I loved how there was a lot of interaction between guests and chefs. I wouldn't be able to pick one favourite dish but, there was one in particular that didn't excite my taste buds--it tasted bitter(theone you had to soak in the liquid). 
 
The group of people we sat with were older and very interesting to say the least. Yes, we all love food just as much as you guys and no we don't have sugar daddy's. FYI. 

They really should install a restroom nearby as I had to walk all the way outside the resturant to use the restrooms. No bueno. But, overall great experience with great friends I do adore!
é... I don't want to predispose you.. But if you like true good food... é doesn't have it. 

From 20 something dishes, maybe 5 were very good. Most of them average.. Some too salty... or bland.. or undercooked...just nothing special, which makes me think about how people would rate the food if it was served at a random place (like a food court or food truck or something).

After my experience at é, the concept I have now is a big mixture of flavors from all the dishes being served so fast and didn't connect. 

So, for the food - I would not recommend, specially for $250 p/p. 

If you want the experience - I have mixed feelings. You should go just out of curiosity, if you consider an "experience" watching 2 people use tweezers to plate your food. Because they don't cook in front of you, they just plate. The chef is not creating, he's just performing, but more like a robot.

The worst part is the pace.. Too rushed and on a schedule. I eat slower than most people and servers were literally looking over to see when I finished my dish (because I was always the last one) to start taking the plates away. I could feel their eyes on me! 

So.. In other words, I would not recommend. I'm sure there are many better places in Las Vegas for that price or less. Nothing like enjoying dinner in good company and being able to savor your food!
This is not a dining experience. It's dinner and a show. 

My companion and I arrived at 5 for our 5:30 seating. We were given a spot at the Jaleo bar while we wait for the rest of the diners to arrive. We were given a good overview of the drink choices and made to feel very welcome.

It's critical to realize that your experience at é is in a very big way, outside the control of the restaurant. You will be seated with others that you may not know, and you will sit at a communal table. If they aren't such great conversationalists, your experience will suffer. If they are delightful, your experience will be enhanced.

As others have noted, you cannot call and make a reservation. You have to send an email and hope for a reply. Depending on the day, this may take some time.

Fortunately, I was with a good group and we had a nice time with cocktails before we headed back to our dinner.

Clearly, Chef Andrés enjoys a bit of whimsy. The decor is fun and a bit strange. But the food is all business.

Here was the bill of fare: Rebujito, Apple "Brazo de Gitano", Nitro Almond Cup, Barquillo, "El Vermut", "Merienda", Crispy Chicken Skin en Escabeche, Cava Sangria, "Fabes" con jamón, Lobster with Citrus & Jasmine, "Kokotxas" al Pil--Pil, Whole Lobe of Foie Gras Baked in Salt, Secreto of Ibérico Pork with Squid, Torta Pascualete with Cotton Candy, Créma Catalana Egg, Pan con Chocolate, Yemita, 25 Second Bizcocho, and finally "More Things".

Everything is prepared in an exacting manner, and finished right in front of you. The chefs seemed to enjoy answering questions along the way and interacting with the guests. 

All of the dishes were stunning and interesting, even if one or two didn't appeal to me personally. 

This being served in the style of tapas, you only get a few bites of each plate. And while the service was excellent, they do keep up a high pace of service. Under no circumstances should you eat here for a leisurely experience.

Reasons to eat here?
- It's an unforgettable experience.
- The food is spectacular.
- The service is excellent.

Reasons you may not like it?
- Your other table guests are a crapshoot.
- The pace of food service is quick. 
-  Reservation process could be troublesome.

Additionally, the wine selection is excellent. (Spanish mostly, of course) 

Overall, it was a fantastic meal and one I would highly recommend to anyone seeking an interesting and theatrical fine dining experience.
Dinning at e is one of the greatest experience in my life. It was more like a cooking show to me. Every dish was very elegant and interesting. There were full of surprises during this 2 hours show. I can't wait to come back to try their winter truffle menu!!!
....I couldn't stop laughing when we were asked to fill out the after dinner questionaire and my foodie friend said- ARE THEY SERIOUS- I guess the $600 she and her husband paid for two pedestrian wine pairings had just begun to register with her....I also thought the service was vapid at best for this kind of money...when a couple is spending over $1000 for wine and food it has got to be better than this...but...if you want a happy face placed on a menu as a memento of your dinner-this is the place for you....
Best dinner experience of my life. Period.
Let me make this short and sweet (and that is unusual as I am neither short nor sweet), BUT:

DO NOT DEBATE.
JUST GO.

This is easily one of the top 5 meals and experiences of food of my entire life, and it is perfect for any special occasion.  I definitely rang in my 21st birthday in style here.  

Oh

MY 

GAWD.

It is just plain incredible.  No words.
Definitely one of the best meals of my life. Love the intimate setting and the interactive experience. 

My favorite dishes were the crispy chicken skin, iberico pork among others... Gotta get the wine pairing...enhances the flavors like you can't imagine!
Definitely in my Top 5 for dining experiences ever! I really enjoyed the intimate setting, taking to other patrons and the staff. We didn't do the alcohol pairing but just order a couple of glasses of tempranillo off the menu. The menu changes often but highlights for me were the bean dish made from José's home town, the foie gras, and everything with Spanish ham in it! Really, every bit was awesome. You have to plan ahead and cross your fingers you get in but you will have a wonderful time.
Eating at e was definitely an experience of a lifetime. My best friend and I ate here on our last trip to Vegas, and it was incredible. We have eaten at Jaleo several times, so we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited for further instructions. Let me insert here there receiving our golden tickets in the mail was too much fun! While enjoying our drinks at the bar, the host for e came to greet us and instructed us to wait at a table for 8 for the remainder of our dining party. There are only 2 seating for e per evening, and only 8 people per seating, so we were intrigued to discover the remainder of our party.

We were pleasantly surprised! We were hoping that we wouldn't be eating with pretentious, annoying people, and our fears were allayed as soon as we met the rest of our group. They were a group of 5, 4 women and 1 man. They were all from the midwest and had just arrived in Vegas due to a severely delayed flight. They couldn't have been more pleasant, and it was really fun to eat with them. The appreciated delicious food, to be sure, but they were also really down-to-earth and fun. This is a huge part of the dining experience at e to be sure-who you eat with could make or break the experience.

When all of our party was assembled, the host to us to the back on the restaurant and to the left, where the small room that is e was located. We were immediately introduced to the chef and his staff, and they were all wonderful throughout the evening. We chose the Spanish wine pairing, and were not disappointed! All of the wines, as well as the cocktails at the end, complemented our meal perfectly.

A highlight of the whole experience for me was drinking cava the traditional way out of a Spanish drinking vessel. So much fun! Every small dish we sampled seemed to be better than the last. From iberico to foie gras to lobster to Jose' famous "air" that seemed to be a part of many of the dishes, we feasted like queens.

You absolutely must try e at some point in your life. It really is worth it, and the experience is so difficult to express in words, that you simply have to try it to believe it.
This review is actually from when I dined on 12/21/2013, but I was busy over the holidays.  That said, I was in Vegas during my anniversary and decided to have dinner here with the wife to celebrate our 1st successful year.

Luckily, we were able to get the Holiday version of their menu, as their theme revolved around truffles that came in via Italy just less than 48 hours via Air Force One (just a slight exaggeration there).  But it was pretty damn fresh according to our sous chef.

It was 19 courses of what was easily the best fine dining experience I've had in my entire life.  Hell, by the 6th or 7th course, I was already sold.  

Of the 19 courses, I'd say that my favorite was definitely their "salad" course which consisted of black truffle dressing over foie gras powder.  Personally I'm not a fan of greens, but that was easily the best salad I've ever had.  And what stood out the most was that this was an modified course.  There was supposed to be peanut butter here as well, but due to my peanut allergy they were able to make modifications to any courses that had peanuts or nuts with no questions.  Simply wonderful.

I want to try and make an effort to get to Minibar and Jose's other establishments  when I have the time and money.  But for now, I'm definitely pleased.
This was the best restaurant that I have been to..u must try..the small bites are so so amazing
We lucked out and got seating for two last minute way back in Nov 2012, but I didn't bother to review it until now.  

I don't much care for the exclusive snob appeal but I really appreciate it as a fancy "dinner with a show".  It's  super fun watching them prepare the food in front of us, with their neato surgical looking tools and whatnot.  Yes, molecular gastronomy is a fading fad now but this restaurant is at least very good at what they do, it's not just fireworks and meaningless pizazz, the food actually tasted good!  At one point they brought out a whole lobe of foie gras and served us right then and there, I do declare I need a fainting couch just for that delicious act of sensual debauchery.

Anyway it's great, go if you can afford it, yay!
High quality ingredients & food. Good wine.... Nice service. Try the mini burger: awesome. Will definitely come back!
Had sky high expectation for this culinary experience when I booked 2 months in advance for my trip to Vegas.  The truth is, I book this restaurant even before my flight and hotel.   And In the end, it was a great experience, for $195 you get a creative meal with attentive service from every waitstaff in the room of just 8 diners.  We were very lucky that all the fellow diners were great dinning companions and had great stories to share.  But the meal itself... What can I say.....was overpowered by the venous foams and textures.  We did the beverage pairing which, if you ask me,  life is all about wine and food pairing, but the pairing was a let down because Spain has so much great well structured reds to offer say from the Riojo region but at least 2 of our 5 beverage pairing was on the super sweet side (some sort of port style beverage and a sweet Sauternes style wine), which the sweetness really overpowered the food.  One dish was a Foie Gras in power form which was extremely creative but the richness texture of Foie Gras was being confined in powder.  Overall, some dishes worked, some did not.  I compared the food to my prior night dinner at Joel Robuchen I have to say food wise JB was the stabs out but the experience at e is still not to be undermined.
Only 8 guests allowed. Pretty spectacular. Once-in-a-lifetime experience in your mouth because of the way they pair unlikely ingredients. Nineteen courses, of which FIVE WERE DESSERTS! :)

Getting a reservation can take up to three months-- or so they say. :P They do have cancelations all the time, but be prepared to change your flight (like we had to) to get there for the 5:30 pm slot, which is the unpopular slot for obvious reasons. You have to email/fax them a credit card authorization form the night before by 6pm!

The manager and servers were kind, gracious and super organized. They allowed us to keep our baggage in the wine room because we had to rush from our delayed flight straight over the restaurant.

I understand that each menu is different so no point in going through what was good and what wasn't.

I have to point out the beautiful artistry involved in their presentation of the food. From the handmade plates (some were from Crate&Barrel--no shame in being honest) to desserts served in jewelry boxes, each course was a delightful surprise to both sight and taste.

Our chef was very nice. The whole atmosphere was very casual. We chatted about everything from the dishes, culinary secrets, to how "Dexter" and "Breaking Bad" ended. The intimate setting allows for the guests to interact as well.

Let's talk about price.

It's just under $600 for 2 people, including tip and tax. We opted against the wine pairing $130/person and I'm glad I did. 

So, why the 4 stars?

Maybe I'm being lame (or harsh) but I honestly thought I would see the chef prepare the food but that really wasn't the case. You watch the food being put on the plate. That's it. My hubby and I love to eat at bar counters where we can watch the chefs prepare the food. We like to see dishes that we didn't order and observe how dishes are made. We're also both interested in processes (of businesses) and like watching the product be made. That was not the case here so I was slightly disappointed.

if you have the time and money, this is worth it. :)
One of the coolest dining experiences ever! After you get your reservation, you get a golden ticket! There are only 2 seatings a day and each seating has a max of 8 people! 

Peter & I arrived a bit early and we were offered a seat at the Jaleo bar along with drinks to pass the time. Once seated inside, the fun began. Each dish was creative and mind blowing! We were seated next to a really nice couple which only enhanced our dining experience :)

We will definitely be back!!
If you love to eat and want a great dining experience you have to go here. Very intimate setting as they only have 8 seats per seating and only 2 seating a night. Once you are confirmed the reservation you'll get a golden ticket sent home. Each person has their own unique guest number. If you've eaten at a Jose Andres before you know he's famous for Molecular gastronomy. You'll see unique dishes for sure and you have dishes that sounds familiar to  you but it will be prepared in a whole different level. Deconstructed and the constructed.  It's located in a small private room in the back of  Jaleo. They ask you to arrive 15 minutes early so you can order your drink options, whether it be wine pairing or just individual cocktails. It's roughly $200 / person and they will include the service charge at the end to. So you can tip extra if you wish. We had 19 dishes and the Chef is preparing everything right in front of you. Make sure you make reservations early.
It was an awesome experience and can't wait to try it again when they change the menu up. I'll follow up my review with all the dishes we had.
Maybe better than DC. All cocktails are an experience in themselves. Liquid olives a unique taste and texture experience. Everything fantastic except paella.
Very exceptional dining experience. The best in my book!

I cant wait to come back and try a different menu.

RECOMMEND, COMPLETELY!!
The Golden Ticket.. who does not want that Golden Ticket. No, it does not lead you to the Wizard of Oz or to a Chocolate Factory, it gives you an opportunity to spend about 2 hours enjoying a chef tasting menu from Jose Andres and his peeps! One of a few secret society like tasting that you kind of have to dig a little deeper than an Open Table restaurant search.  Not very marketed or promoted but definitely a spot for foodies to enjoy.  

The reservation process was very easy, yet unconventional. These days, you Open Table, or call in the RSVP but here, you must email them details of your party and date. There are no phone numbers, just email correspondences. They have 2 seatings per night, 5.30/ 8.30, and only 9 spots. Yes, 9! It's a chef tasting so they like to make it intimated and small, which is definitely what you want.

We couldn't make the initial RSVP and they were happy to change it but since there is a pretty decent waiting list, unless there are replacement guest that can attend in place of you on their waiting list, you will be charged a cancellation fee if you do not provide notice within 14 days prior to your confirmed reservation.  

We arrived early around 5.15, per emailed instructions. There was no secret knock, no secret password, no secret handshake, no funny chicken dance we needed to do, we just checked in with the smiling hostess/ host at Jaleo and were seated at a holding table with the rest of the nights' guests.  After exchanging pleasantries and the usual introductions amongst everyone, the one of two hosts of the evening prepared us with drinks instructions and what to expect throughout the evening.  He briefed us on the wine/ cocktail pairing options and the al e carte drink menu available throughout dinner. Around 530, the host escorted us to the room in the corner of the restaurant, inconspicuous to everyone else, where all the magic happens.  

The décor was beautiful, you are surrounded by what seems like tea drawers. Red was the key color, slippers dawn the ladder leading to, perhaps the yellow brick road or the chocolate factory, but who knows, and who really cares, you're about to be fed!  Nine high top chairs around a bar like counter where Cody Jeffs and his 2 other sous chefs prepares 19 bomb-dot-com courses for you. A cast of Jose Andres' hands greets you with a lavender wet napkin to prepare you for dinner.  In the next two hours, you are transported to Spain.  After a brief introduction of all those involve, we start. With all 19 courses, Cody, prepares in front of you and narrates each dish. In order to get through all 19 dishes, they are amuse like portion, which is perfect to not overwhelm you.  Your respective pre ordered cocktail/ wine is served during dinner and you do is sit back relax and enjoy.  Any and all questions food related or person for the chefs are welcome, crude humor and banter is encouraged, especially when you've had a coupe of drinks, it's to be expected.  Just keep in mind, since there are only 9 stops, try not to be a douche.

The menu is not changed very frequently, although minor adjustments can be made. Despite the menu not being made public, they will cater to any and all reasonable dietary restrictions, just let them know. To enjoy the entire experience, I won't disclose the menu, you're just gonna have to go and check it out! Word to the wise: UNLESS YOU HAVE ANY ALLERGIES, JUST EAT EVERYTHING THEY PUT IN FRONT OF YOU!

From host, to the service staff to the chefs, the experience was perfect! The attention to detail, impeccable. The company was the best part. The food was.. let's just say if that is what they eat in Spain, I will be moving to Spain.  Sure, everyone's taste buds and preferences are subjective and you may not like foam on your plate, or like things that blow up in your mouth, or fancy cook yet runny egg yolks, or can pronounce 'kokotxas', or enjoy frozen foie gras, or even drinking truffle mist, you will have a wonderful experience. For those who are not 'sweets' people, I promise you will enjoy those 5 dessert courses.  There is nothing to complain about!

Definitely sign and comment on their guest book at the conclusion of dinner.  You will be part of more than 9,700 guest that have experienced this awesome food journey that started 3 years ago.  Who said there was no culture in Vegas, I just spent 2 hours in the middle of the Strip across the street from Paris, next to Bellagio, learning about Spain.  After a couple of drinks, I'm just glad they did the math for you at the end: $198pp, plus drinks, plus taxes, plus gratuity/ service charge.  And yes, if you live in the US, they will send you the Golden Ticket. For those who do not, you will be presented with you are the end of dinner along with menu, that everyone receives, of all that you had. 

Thank you Jose Andres, thank you to the serving staff, thank you to Cody Jeffs and his fellow sous chefs for an awesome Hump Day dinner, and an awesome experience!
What a wonderful evening we had at e! I was a bit hesitant considering all the hype about this restaurant but honestly I had such a wonderful time besides the fact I was with the most wonderful man on earth who was treating me to this very unique experience.  Be prepared for a lot of foam and truffles at e. The show is worth the golden ticket and the experience is one that will not be forgotten. Kudos to Cody and the staff who made the evening even more special.  The setting is intimate and cozy and fortunately for us our dining companions were also a delight to be with.  Molecular gastronomy is fun but not overly filling but still unique in flavor and texture.  Who could not like a place with 5 desserts?
Awesome!!
I do not say this lightly, however this was THE BEST dining experience I've ever had in my entire life! 

Quality: 5 stars
Ridiculously amazing.  Every dish tasted better than the last.  Jose Andres is known for his unique dishes and cooking style.  Every dish was unique, complex and delicious

Service: 5 stars
only two seatings per night.  The reservations must be made via email and then about a week prior to your reservation you recieve willa wonka style golden tickets.  It's fun, unique.  They correspond with you via email before your visit to find out about your allergies ahead of time so that they can custom make your multi course meal for you.   During the dining experience itself, the head chef would plate the dishes in front of us and explain alittle bit about how the dish is made, what inspired the dish, etc.  So much interaction with other guests and the chef.  This is part of the reason why then entire experience was amazing.  

Quantity: 4 stars
for about $500 for two people post tax and gratuity, I felt "comfortably full".  Considering it is a 8+ course meal, the meals were tapas style.  I do have an incredibly large appetite though.  My tablemates were full, however I am a gluttonous pig :(.  

Would I return?
YES!!! Everyday if my wallet was big enough!

Other places similar places i've tried in order of preference:
1. e by jose andres
2. Joel Rubicon - best bread and dessert cart 
3. Bottero (las vegas) - alright.  great foie however the rest of the food felt very standard
4. providence (california) - i was very underwhelmed
5.  Picasso (las vegas) - I did not like this restaurant at all.  I could not finish my entree bc it was so overcooked.  I had a better dinner at Todd english's olives for a fraction of the cost
This is a dining experience, not just dinner.  Lovely to watch and delicious to eat!  Try to get the second seating (they do two per night), because I've heard that you will be rushed if you go for the first seating, and trust me, you'll want to take your time.  Every single dish I had was great, there were at least 15.  Can't wait to do this again, and would definitely pick this over any other restaurant in Vegas (including Robuchon, CUT, etc.)  You do have to book it well in advance though, so plan ahead!
I went to here a couple of years ago and it's remained one of the best dining experiences ever.  
We did the wine and non-alcoholic pairing and both were great.  If I ever did it again I would probably just share one of the pairings.  Not all the courses were delicious but all of them were interesting and thought provoking.  I would describe it as cirque du soleil but for food; whimsical and fun.  Very much worth the effort!
This type of restaurant is hard for me to review like a regular restaurant so I am going to review Robouchon, Guy Savoy and  e' by jose andres as special places to go for the experience not necessarily the food. My palate is just not that sophisticated for these places to be a place where I have some food where I just want to pick up the plate and lick it clean.
We visited here Christmas of 2012. Me and my daughter and son in law had the Christmas tasting menu listed below

Rebujito
Idiazabal "Macaron"
Seta Surprise
Nitro Almond Cup
Squash Merengue
Barquillo
Almejas al Natural
Bocata de Bacalao
Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche
Cava Sangria
Artichoke "Puree" with Truffle
Lobster with citrus and jasmine
Chickpea stew with iberico ham
Turbot with bone marrow
whole lobe of foie gras baked in salt
Secreto of Iberico pork with truffle
Torta Pascualete with cotton candy
Pan con Chocolate with truffle
"Arroz con Leche"
Truffle cotton Candy
25 second Bizcocho
Saffron Chocolate

All of this food and the cooking techniques are very unique. But there was nothing I would want to eat again. I really enjoyed the experience of this restaurant but it is a one time thing for me. I think everyone should try it once and maybe find out what a great palate you have and come back often or be like me and just enjoy and say been there to a unique place and then go back to Gordon Ramsey Steak and enjoy a beautiful meal that I could eat every day!
Oh my lord. I bow at the alter of é. Everything was perfect. Beyond perfect. I don't think any meal will ever leave me as satisfied and delighted as é by José Andrés. I may or may not have teared up when it was all over. Tears of joy and sadness. 

The atmosphere is incredible. The room is cozy and whimsical, and the food is presented with the perfection of a well-choreographed show. I won't go over the whole menu, but some highlights were: 

- the most perfect gin and tonic I have ever had - José's signature drink. It has a compressed ice cube in a perfect sphere, which still hadn't melted by the end of our 3 hour dinner, as well as lemon rind, a lime wheel, juniper berries, and the most imaculately measured top shelf gin imaginable. It was amazing. 

- Freeze dried foie gras with a warm, delicious broth below. The foie gras was so rich and creamy, that when served cold, it was like ice cream. We were encouraged to drag it through the warm broth below, which was the most fun, delicious combination ever. 

- Cotton candy empanadas with foie gras and corn nuts - This was our first bite, and we just knew things were going in an awesome direction. Sweet, savory, creamy, crunchy, awesome. 

- Lobster and citrus, I don't remember the details, but the lobster was perfect and tender, and there were little segments of different citrus fruits to pair bites with. 

- Sangria preparations - the first was our édible sangria - whipped to a thick foamy texture, and dotted with encapsulated sangria, freeze dried raspberries, orange zest, spearment, and liquid nitrogen frozen peach puree spheres. So. Much. Fun. 
The second sangria was an encapsulated cava sangria with pear chunks. You let it slide into your mouth, and it would burst instantly, filling your mouth with a full gulp of sangria. Each diner let out a little cry of delight when the bubble burst, because you can't really prepare yourself for a sudden super-gulp of sangria.

- Lamb soue vide - melted in your mouth. 

Really, everything was amazing. I could do the whole list. BUT it's also worth mentioning that I was able to appreciate menu items that I normally despise. I HATE mussels, but ate three of them at é - and disliked them significantly less than I have in the past. (It's a texture thing) I'm also not a big fan of oysters, but their encapsulated presentation was fun. 

The ONLY note that I have was that I was a little confused about the bill. There is a "service charge" of almost $200 for four of us. When the bill was dropped, the server said something about the service charge, but mentioned that we could leave extra for the cooking team. What does that mean exactly? Do you tip again? Does the cooking team get a part of that "service charge?" I was totally confused. I snuck a peak at how much my neighboring diners added and followed suit, but I'm not sure if it was enough. 

But anyways, NOTHING was disappointing. I will absolutely be back. The team does an outstanding job, and I sincerely doubt that I will ever top this dining experience. But that doesn't mean I won't try :)
I've had some memorable dinner in my days, and this ranks up there but the best.tasting menu I've ever had.

Top notch service- service I'd give it higher than 5 if I could.  Food was very good, but on the night we went, there were 3 foie gras dishes and 2 dishes with pressed cotton candy- a little more variety would have been nice.

The dishes were still fantastic.  Very thoughtfully put together and the beverage pairings were probably the best Ive ever experienced.

The exclusivity and cache of this place was lived up to.  It's a great experience to be able to speak to your chefs as they prepare your food for you and it helps you more enjoy each bite.

Is it worth the effort and the bill?  This time yes.  A second time- probably not for that price tag - ours was close to $1000 for the 2 of us.
I don't think any review could adequately capture the experience I had here. This is a place you must go if you have the opportunity. In lieu of walking you through the amazing 20 course meal I had I will just leave you with a few tips:

- gin and tonic is a must order. Best $20 I ever spent on a drink
- if you don't have an allergy then eat everything. Even things you normally don't like you need to eat because I am pretty damn sure you'll like it here.
- talk to the chefs! They enjoy it.
- it's ok to lick your plate clean
- there is a service charge which is basically the tip. There is also an invitation to tip the chefs as well. I don't know what the edict is and there is no suggestion. Just do what you can afford and feel is right.
- there are 9 seats now. 
- ask about the dining room. Cool theme and stories behind everything in it!
We ate here earlier this month (May) and I wanted to wait for a few weeks to see if my initial reaction would change in time but it hasn't and I still feel the same. To be fair, here are a few positive adjectives that describe the overall time we spent at e: creative, friendly, intimate, knowledgeable, team work, and dedication. At the end of the day though, shouldn't all restaurants have the attributes I just listed? At the end of the day, OVER RATED! OMG! I read all the Yelp reviews below that gave this place 5 stars and thought "WOW, this is going to be amazing, I can't wait", and instead, we walked away with, "WOAH! We paid almost $600 for THAT?! What a joke!" Later that night, we went to Aria where we were staying and ordered a plate of nachos and fries that was 5% of the cost and much more fulfilling. 

You may ask, "What about the experience"? Well, if you've never been to a "classy" restaurant, paid for $75 for a nice steak, had a nice glass of wine or seen the Food Network, then I will say it again, over rated. Yes, the staff is amazingly coordinated, top notch and its a fun place to watch the staff at work, but I'd rather go to a Cirque show.  There are hundreds of restaurants in Las Vegas and on the Strip and this place would not even hit my top 20 list. 

Of the ~18 dished we had, I remember having one bite of a really nice piece of steak. The funny thing is, they actually showed us the entire cut grilled and we thought, shoot, what is that 10 oz, we can eat that whole thing, but instead, we got one slice each. The freeze dried sangria (1st dish) was a bit weird but interesting.  The beet pita with brie cheese was different but not something I'd prefer and would rather go to a cheese bar.

We made reservations a week prior to date we wanted and were lucky to get in. They made it so hard to give the credit card to reserve the time because they don't take phone calls and don't respond to emails on Mon and Tues. Maybe they think this process adds to their mystery and exclusivity. It's more inconvenient and annoying than anything and who really cares about a golden ticket and piece of paper that says you ate at e, not me. They asked us to arrive 15-30 minutes in advance to our seating and in the end sat us 15 minutes AFTER our seating time.  When you arrive to the Cosmo hotel, no signs or anything to tell you where this dungeon is- we had to ask about 4 people who worked at the hotel and then finally found it at the top level in the main Jose restaurant.

And be prepared to sit in a dark room with random strangers who may get drunk during dinner with their pairing and start having unwanted conversations with you.
After reading so many fabulous review I was let down by the good and experience. Not worth the 600 + that we spent.
I give this place 4 stars for the culinary experience. I was really excited when I heard about  this "secret" restaurant that is tucked inside of Jaleo's at the Cosmopolitan and I said I had to check this placed out and what better time than for an Anniversary.

When I received my golden ticket, I really felt like Charlie from the chocolate factory. LOL I felt so special. hahah

Upon arrival we sat near the bar as the chefs prepared for the evening and we had the chance to order our drinks. By the time we were walked back to this "secret" location ( which was just a closed off room next to the bar) we sat in a semi circle with a total of 6 other guests. 
We had a total of 19 tastings of which I was only WOWed with 6 or 7. We were told that we were going to go into the mind of Jose Andres who is I guess is very bazaare. We took a journey to different parts of Spain with this experience which was interesting. This was suppose to be a "show" but yet the entertainment was not very lively. I just don't know how to explain it. I guess I was expecting a little more excitement and enthusiasm. 
Overall, if I'm going to pay $700 for a meal for 2 I don't think it is too much to ask for some excitement from the staff right??

Here is what we had:

Edible Sangria 2014
Cotton Candy 2.0
Daisy
Beet-Kini
Coca De Recapte
"Merienda"
Oyster & Oyster
Pescado en "Adobo"
El Vermut
Cava Sangria

Fabes con Jamon
Bacalao Al Pil Pil
Mar Y Montana
Morels En Papillote
Chuleta

La Serena with Contton Candy
Crema Catalana Egg
Pan Con Chocolate
Perrero Rocher
Yemita

The good thing is that it got progressively better but it took up to about the 9th tasting. You should try this place just to have the experience but if you have had GOOD food from Spain, its hard to compare.  The unique presentation and overall experience is worth the try. Oh by the way, the menu does changes every few months.

Good Luck and Good Eats!
I am sorry to say it, but it seems "e" pronounced "a" has become "eh."  First time there a couple of years ago I was wowed.  On my most recent visit,  the food was just not that interesting, the paired beverages were with one or two exceptions uninteresting, and the showmanship largely lacking.  Seems they've perhaps gotten bored with the business.  For $425 a person all in, it definitely was not worth it.
We found the experience at e to be underwhelming. A lot of time and energy had obviously gone into the preparation of the dishes and the quality of the ingredients were of a high standard, but the overall flavours and palatability were lacking throughout the meal. For example, foie gras baked in salt sounds like a great idea, but when it is served concerningly rare and without an adequate sauce to foil the richness of foie, it falls flat. On the other hand, I cannot fault the abilities, service standards and personable approach of the chefs, the sommellier and waitress. I suspect the exclusivity of this location as a result of the limited capacity coupled with the neverending supply of new customers based on the Las Vegas location will keep seats filled, but I suspect few, and most certainly, I, will not be returning to e. Save your big dinner money for Alinea, Per Se and Momofuku Ko, to name but a few.
é is phenomenal. Even before the actual dinner, they manage to surprise you. I got my golden tickets in the mail, and experienced a total Willy Wonka moment. 

Reservations aren't too bad to secure. It's a nine seat restaurant with two settings a night: 5:30 and 8:30 pm. You just need to email them within three months of the date you prefer. You do provide your credit card, so be sure to cancel at least 48 hours in advance or else you'll be charged the cancellation fee. I think it would be a fun idea to book all nine seats with your friends. It'll feel like you have your own private chef since it's basically a single table in a small room.

You and your fellow diners are seated around a half circle table behind the bar at Jaleo. Everything is plates in front of you and the chefs are more than happy to answer any questions you may have. They were all so nice and friendly! 

There were 20 courses and they were all small plates. I love tapas because it allows you to experience more without getting too full. For a two hour dinner, I actually didn't leave too stuffed. I love how they combined cotton candy with foie gras and corn nuts in a dish. Genius! My favorite dish was the grilled ham and cheese sandwich, aka the merienda. The bread was amazing and I wish I could eat this every day of my life. Other favorites include the morels en papillote, fabes con jamon (fava beans), and the after eight timbal (think thin mints with liquid gold and rum painted of top. Gorgeous and delicious)

The drinks are on point as well. Sangria was very smooth- best I ever had. There is also a beer- lemonade drinks with rosemary. Definitely unique but light and refreshing. 

The bill for two with sangria and a cocktail came to a little under $550. A service charge is already included but you can always tip more if you would like. This place is a hidden gem, especially since it has a semi-secret entrance. It is also the sister restaurant of Minibar in DC. The menu doesn't change too frequently, but I would be back in a heartbeat given the chance.
Had dinner here the other night with two people and we have all been raving about it since. Recently opened (perhaps last December or so?) and in a small unit opposite Realfoods on Brougham street. Homely, authentic, delicious Spanish tapas served with a smile and passion that is unmatched in Edinburgh. Seriously, this is the best tapas in Edinburgh at the moment. Make this a must-visit!!
If you like authentic countryside tapas, this is the place to go. Fantastic cheese and charcuterie platter, yummy hot tapas.  This tiny tapas bar in Tollcross is a little gem.   
The service is very good and our lovely hostess explained the dishes to us.  It's also great that the place is open all day, which is perfect for a late Saturday afternoon lunch.  Highly recommended.
Its a lovely wee traditional spanish tapas restaurant in Tollcross.   I went with a group of friends so we ordered nearly one of everything on the menu.  It allowed us all to try a bit of everything and we weren't disappointed.  The service was outstanding and the various elements of the meal that were from different regions in spain were explained.  Definitely worth a visit!!!
I must say this place was AH-MAZING! Not only was it cozy and super comfy, the staff were awesome. They made sure that our dinner party of three were as comfy as can be and this is really important cause we were dining with a toddler. 

The waitress was very friendly with my wee one and even took her back to the kitchen to say hello to the chef and show her stuff! It made me feel like I was back home in Spain. 

Now to get to the food. It was great. By far the best Spanish food I have had in Scotland. The Gordiales were authentic Sevillan olives. The salmorejo (a type of gazpacho) had punch and was very tasty. The chips were perfectly fried and not greasy. The chicken was scrumptious and juicy. The cook even created a special plate of food for my wee one, tortilla francesa con tomate! Basically an egg omelet with tomato wedges.

You gotta love this kind of personalized service. Its a special place that makes such an effort with your childs needs and also serves quality tasty food. I will most definitely be going back.
After the fab reviews on here i decided that El Quijote was the place to go for eats on
Saturday night! 

Firstly the waitresses were extremely accommodating, we were late, and when i called the resturant to advise of this it was no problem! The restuarant is very small and can likethe other reviews suggest be quite cramped.
We ordered the platter, which comprised of a selection of Salami & Cheeses, you could certainly taste the quality of the food! The Rioja was lovely and the ambience was very romantic.  Only slight downside was their was only 2 waitresses serving and service suffered slightly ( but only a tiny bit)

If you are thinking of going here, then do!! Its worth every penny &  remember to book in advance!
El Quijote has long been on my radar as some of the best Spanish food that Costa del Edina has to offer. Yet for some reason I had never found a reason to go.

Take one gloriously sunny Sunday during our blast of summer, visiting friends, and a taste for a good filling lunch. We wandered by, found it open, and went right in.

The small wooden exterior is quite telling of the small, wooden interior inside. It is small, with a small number of covers. The food came out two or three dishes at a time, with some gaps in between each; telling of a small kitchen too.

And also, very telling of the quality of the food. The porks cheek came out last, but it was evident it had been cooked and simmered fresh. The tender, delicious meat in a densely flavoured gravy was quite delicious.  The two types of manchego cheese, the ham, the calamri, all of it was the best quality Spanish food I've had on our fair isle. It's definitely "straight off the boat" from Espana.

The stand-out dish, for me, was the dish I ordered. A mushroom, artichoke and potato dish. It wasn't a small tapas plate, but a main meal (only at £8.50 mind). It expect it to be just a ratatouille style amalgalm of vegetables, sauttéed and served scattered on a plate.

Instead, they came out as a round disc, formed together similar to how the Spanish frittata  might look; but without the end binding it. Instead, it was a very large 'cake' of mushrooms, artichoke and potato, with a strong flavour of thyme. Not greasy, not oily (not like any other 'British'-tapas like La Tasca). Light, full of flavour and delicious.

Based on this meal alone, I am already looking forward to another night back. I imagine for dinner the atmosphere is quite high, packed into the small space. The waitress was very friendly, the music was some Spanish-Italian-ska, the wooden interior transports you for a minute away from Tollcross. Bueno! Muchos bueno!
Came here for a yelp girly lunch following Jenny's weekly newsletter on the best Spanish food in Edinburgh. My taste buds were a tingling. And tingled they were!! 

The tabla quijote platter of meat and cheese allowed us to taste every variety on offer. Some were nicer than others (I'm not a fan of blue cheese!) but it was a great sharing plate for anyone who loves cured meat and chorizo. I also ordered a tapas sized of small peppers with white asparagus and topped with an Andalusian sauce. Phallic looking as they were (haha!) I rather liked them. The dish was chilled, asparagus was soft (not crunchy how I normally like asparagus) but tasty nevertheless. The sauce was nice too and I'd order them again. 

For my main I ordered the Pork Cheeks stew which was recommended by jenny. I went for the medium side but boy it was big! watch out on the sizes if you're having starter tapas too! The stew was basically a big bowl of soup like stew. Not what I was expecting but extremely tasty. I've never had pork cheeks before but the meat was slow cooked and fell away from the fork. Yum! The only thing was the lack of "chunky homemade chips" as described in the menu. There were bits of potato in the stew but chips? Nope. 

Would I go back? Definitely. The food was authentic and tasty and its really near my work so v handy! It's small but cute with terracotta pots and plants dotted around inside. Quite quaint. If it wasn't for the garlic in the food it would be an ideal date venue! :)
I think it's fair to say that Spanish cuisine hasn't caught on in the UK in the way that, say, French or Italian has. We're all au fait with authentic coq au vin and insist on our pasta being al dente, but, despite tv chefs throwing chorizo into every second dish, how many of us really know what Spanish food is all about? Tapas and sangria might be holiday staples but when looking for somewhere for dinner Spanish doesn't seem to be the first thing that springs to mind. 

El Quijote has changed all that, and in doing so has leaped right to the top of my list of favourite places.

It's small and cosy, with a sort of rustic décor that doesn't overdo it but still manages to feel welcoming and snug. I'm glad we booked ahead as it was full and they were turning people away. The staff are friendly but not overbearing, and the menu is just extensive enough to require some tough decisions but not to leave you languishing in the slough of menu despond. 

And the food, of course. Man. That was some of the best grilled meat I've had in ages. We started with some simple tapas: the obligatory chorizo and manchego, and some piquant grilled peppers, to go with the complimentary bread and olive oil. Then onto the main courses. My grilled Iberian pork was incredible (see photo). Tender and pink on the inside, with that nice grilled outside, little bits of crisp and crunch, just heavenly. And the simple accompaniment of potatoes and salad was all that was needed. 

I didn't particularly like the wine I chose, so I made up for it by finishing the meal with some unctuously rich sherry from their short sherry menu. Much better than having pudding. The next day I was dreaming of that grilled pork and we'll be back soon to try the rest of the menu.
Had dinner here in May 2014 while vacationing in Edinburgh. We ordered three different dishes and all were excellent. My husband had Presa Iberica, my brother had a sort of pork roulade and I had a prawn/ham/cheese dish. All were seriously delicious and also very reasonably priced. Service was also good and for me that all adds up to 5 stars. Must try if in the neighborhood!
Great food. Dishes are centered around Iberian pork and it's awesome. Nice little restaurant and great whine. Came from the states and wasn't disappointed. Would definitely eat here again if I made it back to the UK
This was somewhere I'd wanted to pay a visit to for a long time but had for one reason or another so far failed to. I'm extremely glad I have finally done so as it was a very rewarding dining experience. As seems to be the case anywhere with me at the moment my party were the only diners for a large part of the night but I never once got the impression that our greeting from Rafael himself or the attentiveness of our waitress would not have been just as warm and friendly had the restaurant been full. We were guided through the menu by the man himself and his pride in the dishes on offer was infectious. I opted for the lambs' kidneys to start and they were fantastically well cooked. My vegetable tart main course was also very good although I was rather jealous of the stuffed chicken dish with looked delicious. All main courses were served with separate servings of perfectly cooked carrot, broccoli and saffron infused potatoes and cauliflower. The house red was very drinkable and well priced at £14.90. Main list wines range from around £21 up to about £40. This is a gem of a restaurant and should be on everyone's visit list. Made my second visit here last Friday night and everything was as good as the last time. Started with a great souffle, main was very well cooked venison and nicely done veg. The dessert escapes me but no complaints on that score either.
Had dinner in this beautiful, intimate restaurant.  The service was good (not spectacular, but good.  The food was simply fantastic and the host (the chef) was wonderful.  GREAT restaurant!
What a great wee place! The chef/owner Rafael makes you feel incredibly welcome, and the food is really impressive. Their potato, asparagus and dill soup was just lovely. I immediately asked Rafael for the recipe, and have already taken the opportunity to recreate it, at home. The lamb shank main was lovely, too. I even got lured in to trying a very chocolatey dessert, which is rare for me. 

Hearty, flavour-packed cooking at its best, Rafael's is worth a visit, soon.

Overall, we said: "Rafael's was seriously good. Rarely have a spent a more enjoyable evening as a solo diner. The quality of the food on offer was first rate, with excellent ingredients prepared with considerable care and attention."
We summed it up : "the service was lovely and the food was good and the sampler lunch platter is a good value for money. The staples of paella and chorizo dishes seem to be where Tapa shines, and if I am in the area and looking for a quick Spanish lunch, I'd happily go by again"
Malvarosa is a relatively new challenger to the Portobello High Street. It brings tapas much closer to my house, and for that I thank Malvarosa. And indeed, I thank and praise it highly, for not only does it bring tapas closer, but it brings gooood tapas closer. The service last night was excellent, great banter with the guy front of house (Vegetarian? What kind of monster are you? I think in Spain, I might be burned as a witch (I jest, I jest)). You are made to feel welcome, and not rushed, even when the restaurant were heaving, we were one of the first to arrive and one of the last to leave, supping on tasty sangria and enjoying a good catchup. 

To the food - the menu is quite small, but not in a bad way - just don't go in expecting a book of tapas. Malvarosa keeps it succinct - but there is still a good amount of choice across meat, fish and vegetable spectrums. Patata bravas - good, smoky paprika flavour with a good kick, although could do with a bit more of a hit of the sauce on the potatoes. A warm ensalada of broad beans, artichoke and spinach was delicious (also available with meat, the Spanish vegetarian option, hur hur hur). I'm still enjoying the thought of chickpeas, spinach and sultanas - a tagine-y style tapas which I couldn't get enough of. 

I could go on - I'll admit, I forgot to ask my dinner date how the meat dishes were - so I can't comment on those. I was too busy enjoying mine to think of anything else. For dessert, we tucked into chocolate cake (super rich, bit too heavy for me, with a stomach already groaning from our mains) and flan (I got the last one hurrah!) - flan had a bit of an odd texture, so a little less enjoyable than I had hoped for. 

Overall, Malvarosa is a lovely place to spend an evening catching up with good friends. No rush, no stress, just good food and good times.
Hmm where to start? Decided to go with a friend's recommendation and try Malvarosa for lunch with a couple of friends, all of us are Coeliac (gluten free) so can sometimes be a bit of a challenge for restaurants but there was smiles all round today when we were given a menu with all the gf options clearly marked, and I say all as there was plenty to choose from! A great variation of tapas dishes and judging by the smells welcoming you as you come in the door I'll definately be back to try out more.. But until then I can honestly say that the Tortilla Espagnol is the best I've had in Edinburgh! Traditional Spanish black pudding was fantasitc and the Paella was definately worth the wait... If you like your tapas then you definately need to try this place! 

Now I know that you will never mistake Portobello for Spain but I'm not so sure now as I think if the sun were to shine just a little while sitting in Malvarosa then I'm sure you'd agree with me that a little piece of Spain's been uprooted and transported to Scotland!! All the staff are Spanish and made us feel really welcome, it's a small restaurant so I'm guessing booking will be a must as we head into summer so make sure you put it on your to do list!
Oooh, tapas in Portobello. Make it sunny, hit the beach, squint and it could be the Med with a bit of imagination. 

Having once considered moving here and discovering there was a proper tapas restaurant, I had been itching to try it. It came highly recommended by my office mate who had tipped me off about the gluten free options :-)

Malvarosa is a lovely Spanish enclave in the heart of Portobello. With its cosy decor, Spanish chefs and the lovely Alvaro making you feel welcome, it makes visiting Portobello on a rainy day a great option.

I loved the food - lots of GF options, all highlighted in grey. Went for paella and tapas to share between 3 and there was tons of food. My own staple request - tortilla espanola was fab - and cooked properly, the egg not looking too raw or dried out. The garlicky mushrooms were lipsmackingly good and very moreish. I loved the black pudding, milder than Scottish black pudding, but one of two varieties on offer. I  the paella was fab, big chunks of chicken and chorizo, complete with veggies - yum, yum.  

The service was excellent. This is very much a family restaurant. Alvaro the owner was interested in all his customers and after discovering we weren't local, was keen to know what brought us to Malvarosa. When I discussed my almost house move to Portobello and the office mates recommendation, I was told to thank said office mate for good review. Clearly an owner who cares about his business and his customer experience!

Well worth a visit - planning our next GF lunch here so hopefully returning within the next month - yum, yum.
If this isn't the best Spanish restaurant in the Edinburgh area I'll eat my hat.

Great food, really good service and a pleasant atmosphere so absolutely nothing to pick out as a negative.
I don't often find myself in Portobello but walking down Portobello High St. at around lunch time I happened to pass Malvarosa. As a lover of Tapas and Spanish food combined with an invitingly traditional looking interior, I headed in.

We were immediately greeted by two very welcoming and friendly ladies serving us. Inside, it feels just like a Spanish tapas bar (as long as you don't look out the window on to Portobello High Street) you can transport yourself straight to Granada.

The menu is great and offers a good variety of traditional Spanish tapas options as well as some more unique dishes, something I really like in a restaurant. Similarly, they have a well chosen wine listed, sourced from Spanish vineyards. The beers are the standard Estrella, Mahou and Alhambra along with a couple special editions I didn't expect to see. And well priced with my 250ml of white coming in at only £4.60.

To eat I had marinated anchovies, Potaje de Garbanzos - a chickpea and vegetable stew, Ensalada de Invierno - a mix of sautéed greens and Merluza al Chilindrón - baked Hake with ratatouille. They were all spectacular. The anchovies were served with chopped parsley and plenty garlic - perfect! The chickpea stew was very well flavoured. It had sultanas in it and I don't usually like sweet and savoury at the same time but with a perfect balance of spices and sweetness this Moorish style dish was so nice. The mixed greens were also cooked perfectly; al dente but still with a golden char on the outside.

The Hake comes with a bit of a story. I was aware it would take a little longer as it was baked in the oven to order (great) It was the last dish to arrive after a very slight wait (only about 5 minutes longer than expected). Despite not having a problem with this at all, our servers were incredibly apologetic, took it off our bill and gave us a complimentary bowl of olives! It was definitely worth the wait. It was beautifully cooked; creamy white, flaky flesh and served with a ratatouille that was massive on flavour.

I have to give a special mention to those olives as well. They are huge, I don't know what they were marinated in but as far as olives go, they were spectacular.

I went through a period of eating my way through Edinburgh's Spanish restaurants and Malvarosa is certainly up there with the best. It has the whole package; great food, great staff, great atmosphere and good value. I think i'll be looking for excuses to visit Portobello more often.
Finally, the Henderson location is open! The location has only been open 4 days but it's the same great atmosphere you've come to expect from Firefly.
The place was full of people and we got right in without a reservation. The food was great, as was our server, Cole, who was very accomidating to our group. They're still getting final touches on the decor and some of the wines on the list were not available but only because they hadn't moved all the inventory over.
I can only hope that with two locations, it won't be such a chore to try and get a seat in the future. Either way, we look forward to visiting the restaurant often. 
Welcome to the neighborhood, Firefly!

**I stand corrected, this is the 3rd location!**

***THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED!!***
Cheers to another Firefly location! We went to the new Firefly on Eastern today for lunch with some friends from out of town and it delivered all of the great expectations we bragged to our friends about. Service was great, Food and Drink were amazing as always and the friendly manager on duty even stopped by to check in and make sure we were enjoying ourselves. Firefly has never let us down and we love bringing new people to a place with a fun, delicious menu and atmosphere. We are so excited for the new location and cannot wait to come back again. I cannot wait for summer nights on the patio overlooking the Vegas lights with a Blueberry Mojito in hand. YAY for Firefly!!!
I was SO happy when i found out this location was opening! It's really nice to have a nicer restaurant that has a full bar without the gaming machines. 
Great place for a date, pre-show / club dinner, or a nice place to meet friends for drinks and appetizers.
The nice part is, you can order as much or as little as you want so you aren't fixed into a set price. Average tapas price is about 5.00 with some of the pricier seafood options going for 10.00.
Ordered : 
apple and manchego salad - shredded green apple & manchego cheese with crushed  almonds in a very light dressing. very pleasantly surprised with this dish. thought it was going to be lettuce with some apple but was all apple but not tart. cheese & apples complimented very well.
tortilla a la espanola - had this a few times before. basically a potato and egg omelet. nothing spectacular but reliable.
pork empanadas - crispy crust and plenty of pork loaded inside. good.
chicken screwers - not much to say, good basic chicken slivers sitting on top of sauteed mushroom.
baked filets of tilapia - this dish was surprisingly spicy. cooked in herbs and garlic. menu doesnt indicate it's spicy but red pepper flakes actually provided more of a kick than expected.
shrimp Diabla - this dish was fantastic. seemed to have an asian flare, sweet, saucy, and slightly spicy. we asked for more spice and they provided Sriracha sauce! that was a winner for us.

Another great part of the dinner was that we were there for an early dinner on Saturday - 5pm, and they had happy hour, half off drinks!!! I dont often see restaurants have happy hour specials on Saturdays..

Service was very good, our server Josh was attentive and checked on us enough but was very casual and pleasant. We had 2 other people also coming around and asking us how things were on a semi-regular basis. I would have to say it was really nice not having the wait time, crowd, and too loud atmosphere of the Paradise location. 
Given we are only about 1/2 mile from this place, this will be our new regular restaurant.
Don't get me wrong for not giving this location a 5-star.  I am a HUGE fan of Firefly, but I must say that the quality of the food is not as good as the location on Paradise.  With that said, this location still deserves 4-star because it is still good enough. 

An awesome location for the 89052 zip code.  Beautifully decorated like the other two locations.  The restaurant overlooks the city.   An awesome place to hang out with friends or for a romantic night out. 

Firefly, baby.
Great scene, food and people!! This place is awesome!!
Happy Hour Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm. Half off pitchers of sangria and mojitos. I am torn between a love-dislike relationship with Firefly. They tend to be inconsistent between the two other locations and that trend runs over to their new one in Anthem. The menu is still the same, the prices are unchanged, but they have down sized the portions. 

I came here with three other people and went crazy during their HH. For $14-$15 a pitcher, it is easy to order 6 between three. That's right folks, one must be sober enough to be the DD. Don't drink and drive. More importantly, do not drink Firefly's drinks and drive. They are lethal, yet taste like candy. 

Our server, Cole, was awesome. If the drinks were not enough to make this a regular hang out, coming and chilling in Cole's station made it so. He made it clear that if we needed anything to just ask. He has a gauge for how far he can push it and with our drunk group, he saw nothing was off limits. Spunk is welcomed.

The food was good, but everything is 1/3 smaller than the other locations. Being located in Anthem does allow them to get away with more. All the usual items are on the menu. Their mixed paella is delicious, but their is no crispy bottom to scrap up. 

The view from the patio is gorgeous. If you have a small party, request it for a gander down Eastern and over to the Strip. Sitting in the back area will also allow for a nice view of the Strip. When the sun goes down and the stars come out... It is breathtaking.
Visited the new Firefly location the first week it opened! Loved everything & the service was quick :) even with a packed house ! Finally a good place up in the Henderson/Anthem area !
I'm between 3 and 4 stars here; the rating is based more on the ambiance than the menu.  

I've never loved Firefly (either the Paradise location or the former location at the Plaza) aside from some a few key things: the sangria; french fries (little bit of garlic and parmesan); and bacon wrapped dates (great smoky and salty taste).  Also, the complimentary hummus spread (with the bread) is really good; it tastes like a cross between sun dried tomatoes and almonds. 

PROS

Happy hour; it's *everyday* from 3pm to 6pm -- 1/2 off drinks (but not food), including the pitchers of sangria. A pitcher of sangria during happy hour is $16 or so. Hands down, that's a good happy hour. And it's awesome that they offer it on the weekend too. (It's like a unicorn in Vegas -- rare.)    

My favorite is the sparkling sangria. It has champagne and a nice, light peach flavor. In the Vegas heat, it's delicious.

This location is on the second floor and has a patio that has a great view of the Vegas valley. There's also a main room, a room that offshoots from the bar and a pseudo sitting room. It's a lot bigger than the Paradise location.

CONS

The parking lot. It's a small lot shared with various other businesses and not enough parking spots. The hostess said they're working on expanding the lot, which will help . . . otherwise, parking may be an issue! 

While I love the patio, it's a bit small, and fits about six or seven bistro tables. This will be fine in the winter, but not in the summertime. Those patio spots are a hot commodity.     

Overall, it's a solid hip restaurant/bar option in Anthem. I also like that you can keep it cheap with one or two small plates, or order a crap load of food. Based on the ginormous crowd on Saturday, it will (hopefully) do well in this location.
What can I say, the Gods have smiled down upon those of us in Green Valley and blessed us with a Firefly restaurant right in our own back yard. While the location lacks in parking unlike it's sister restaurants, it makes up for with the views from the window or patio seats. The food is pretty much spot on in terms of items they have on the menu, but some of the items don't seem to taste as good as the Paradise location. Granted, all this is based on one visit and this review is subject to change after a few more subsequent visits. Maybe they are still working out the bugs? But in the end, everything was very great in terms of service, atmosphere and food.
I went to the Henderson one a few Sundays ago. It was definitely packed. There was a wait, but we had a reservation (I think) So it wasn't that bad. The service however was AMAZING. In all my times going to the Paradise location I've never had AMAZING Service. The server was seriously great. He was busy but attentive. Definitely a fun sever. I went back the following Saturday and sat at the bar and again pretty good service. It wasn't busy that night, as we walked in and were able to get a seat at the bar right away.

The food is just as good as the Paradise location.  I recommend the steak skewers, Pastas Bravas (sp), and of course the Sangria is great.
Friday night is not a good night to try to meet up with friends at Firefly in Henderson. The staff is overwhelmed with the influx of people that want to try tappas. The girls at the front desk are not experienced nor seem capable of handling the crowd. The venue is much too small. When a sofa in the lounge opened up we were told it was a reserved area, sorry but I refuse to stand for an hour and a half to get a table. Enjoyed my one drink but left quickly. Goodbye Firefly, not sure I will be back.
I am so thrilled there is finally a Firefly location near my place. I wanted to wait for the insanity of grand opening to subside before venturing there myself. In the last two weeks I have been there twice, once for dinner and once for lunch, and both times I was just as pleased as I am with Paradise location. I stuck with my usual of Paradise mojito pitcher, artichoke toasts, tuna tartare and firefly fries. Everything was just as delicious as it is at  the other location. Other great things on the menu were tierra y mar skewers, filet mignon sliders, calamari and merquez. The only "miss" of the menu I have tried thus far has been the lobster "escargot" and the tortilla a la espanola. Anyone who has had homemade spanish tortilla would notice the glaring difference between the two. All in all, I will be frequenting this location a lot more now that it is only minutes from me. Yay :)
Firefly's has got to be my favorite place to eat in Vegas. Now that there is a location by my house might mean that I'll probably be there more often.

Service is 5 stars, there are always multiple wait staff on hand verifying if you need anything.

Food is 5 stars (if I could give more I would) I don't think there has been anything on the menu that I didn't like. 

Location 5 stars, the view is just amazing from the Eastern location. I've been able to sit on the patio twice.

Ambiance 5 stars, I love the music, I love the mood, the decor is very 'Firefly-ish'

Everyone should go!!!! yummm!
Firefly...you finally made it to Hendertucky! It's always busy, which is a sign of great food and they never split large party checks which is a sign of laziness BUT...the place never leaves me disappointed and always leaves me craving more.
I feel like for as long as this has been open, that there were not enough reviews, so it should be confirmed that this location is every bit as good as the one in Summerlin. I've been here twice now and each time it was delicious, affordable and enjoyable. I tried the Sangrias Happy Hour for the first time. They were tasty and a great deal. My personal favorite carries over to this location, the bacon wrapped dates. It proves the adage: everything tastes better with bacon. Service has always been very friendly at any location or visit. I tried the chorizo clams for the first time and you get a heaping bowlful for $9.50. Great location for anyone in the Southeast side of town.
Wheew! First things first..... Make a reservation with opentable.com.  Not sure how reservations work on the weekends, but if your going to pay ANY firefly restaurant a visit on a weekday, make sure you make a reservation.  

This firefly location is a pretty big spot.  The environment isn't as dark as the one on Paradise... It's brighter which makes it more livelier, and very loud during peak dinner time.   It's not as 'romantic' and intimate either, but the menu is the same & thats definitely what's most important.  

Same exact menu!!! So for more specific favorites... Check out my review on  the Paradise location. 

Some points-
-lot's of seating, Including an outside patio.  
-parking is CRAZY during peak hours:: 5:30-9:00 but luckily there is valet
-reservations on weekdays
-bar is full service which means that you can order food if you can't get a seat 
-happy hour! not sure what time??? But the do offer happy hour

It's a fun place to hang out with friends and grab a drink... AnD to EAT yummy tapas! Duh!
Come early there is always a wait bc it's so popular
I love the bacon wrapped stuffed dates and lobster escargot! All items, I've tried most everything, are tasty and beautifully presented.. The sparkling white wine sangria is the perfect accompaniment to anything! I love this place and only wish parking wasn't so difficult to find.
tow weeks ago traveled to Vegas for short vacation. then drove to henderson . luckily found Firefly by accident. what a place to dine in the middle of desert. overall had a plesant   time. will come back for sure  on next visit.
The ham and cheese croquettes are delicious.  The meatballs were okay.  The artichoke appetizer was okay.  With so many options to choose from, I will go back and try more.  But, I will have the croquettes again.
We finally have a decent place to eat in Anthem. Parking can be a bitch, but if you live in the area, it's not a bad walk - when it's not 114 degrees out. I've probably tried all their dishes - my favorites include, the dates of course, ceviche, mushroom tart, and the roasted baby beet salad. However, everything is great.  It can get a little pricey if you go overboard with the orders, but once you've identified your favorites, and especially if you go there during happy hour, which runs all week, you can get out of here at a reasonable cost.
BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY EVERYWHERE! Whoever said TAPAS were small plates--- they were wrong! Look around this place and you would think the albondigas were made from lard and Crisco. ITS FANTASTIC! MUST TRY: the gazpacho! more effective than smooth move tea!
I do have to say I love the decor of the restaurant and how trendy it was.  Since it was our first time going which we told the waiter the waiter didn't make any suggestions for the two of us.  We both have never had Tapas and we didn't even know how much we should order so we are satisfied.  The waiter didn't seem to want to help us which have made it more enjoyable.  My Mother in Law has been here 5 times and loves it I will give it a try again since maybe it was just a bad day for the waiter.
I am a HUGE fan of the Firefly on Paradise, and I had eagerly awaited the opening of the Anthem location. I waited a few weeks to try the new location as I had heard from friends and Yelpers that the service was a bit off and the waits were long, so it would be wise to let management work out the 'new place' kinks and the hype to die down a touch. 

I finally made it in on a Monday evening in July with a girlfriend for some light bites and a drink. While the parking lot was full (we got the last spot!) there was no wait to be seated. Sadly the tables are positioned far too close to each other, almost every person that walked by me hit the back of my chair (including staff). The man seated at the table next to us was so close, I almost grabbed his glass of water instead of my own once! I'd rather wait for a table with more room then sit where we were seated.

The mojitos and sangria never disappoint at the Paradise Firefly, I am happy to say they did not dosappoint at the Anthem location either... We decided on watermelon mojitos for our drinks, which were delicious! 

On to the food! We had the ham and cheese croquettes, the ahi tuna skewers and the must order bacon wrapped dates. The skewers pretty were disappointing, overcooked and underdressed. I was bummed, as the skewers were the only thing I had not previously tried... The croquettes were creamy and delicious. The dates never disappoint, however I must say I didn't find them as 'OMG LET'S ORDER 3 MORE OF THESE' delicious as I usually do. 

I rate the Paradise Firefly 5 stars. The Anthem location loses a star for the ambiance and another for the food being less-then-spectactular. I still see myself returning, sitting ont he patio and ordering different things from the menu...
3stars because it is wonderful to have a tapas bar in Las Vegas, but there should be about 10 more bars like this. So we can all do a tapas barhop. 
Portions are perfect- small plates for sampling and can be shared by 4 people as a bite, not a meal. So- thats perfect.
But the menu offerings could use some improvement. 
Had their potato something-something and it was a yech! Ordered their bocquerones- and I fell off my chair it was sooooo good! 
Firefly- where are your callos and chorizos? 
Good paellas! Great mushrooms! Super delicious grilled octopus!! Wow...
I love this place! I've been to the one on Paradise, and was so happy that they opened one in Henderson-which is much closer. This place is pretty busy, but Firefly is so popular, I would expect it to be. Parking can be a bit of a hassle and they offer valet. I love the decor. The floor is a bit slippery, not because it's wet, that's just the way the floor is. Ladies be careful with those heels! 

I've been here a few times with a friend, a group and my family. Each time the service was great. The waiters and waitresses are attentive, as are their assistants. When I went with my family, we were taken care of more by him than the waitress. Shout out to Junior! He was awesome. 

The food was wonderful! When my family went, that was their first time and they were very satisfied with the food. We ordered dish after dish. I ordered Patatas Bravas, Artichoke Toasts, Ceviche, Fries, and Mac N Cheese, which is SO good. I don't know the sauce they use repetitively in different dishes, but it is so tasty!  The portions are small, unless you order the Parmesan fries or an entree, but you can't beat the price and smaller portions means more food. Of course their Sangria is delicious! My mom and I enjoyed our glasses. We ordered the Sparkling Sangria and it was sweet and fruity. 

All in all Firefly is a great place. The location and service is great and food is full of flavor.
Have been to the one on Paradise by the Hardrock several times, this one is just easier to get to.  Nice setup, awesome bar, and it has about 10 seats outside.

Bacon wrapped dates are my favorite :) they make me happy.  I got mussels as well and they were good.  It's best if you just order a bunch of stuff and share.
Firefly was good for a small group outing.  We made reservations for  a weeknight, and when we arrived the place was pretty packed, so reservations are recommended.

Sangria is a must.  5 of us split a pitcher, and it was just enough.  We ordered about a dozen plates - including 3 of the dates wrapped in bacon.  I could have done without the blue cheese, but they were still really good.  Other favorites were the crispy duck roll, and empanadas.  We split the dessert platter which was the perfect way to end the meal.  At $32 / person, it was a great deal!

Service was great.  Our waiter had a great level of enthusiasm and offered great suggestions.  Splitting the check with a cash+2 credit card combo was really easy, and our waiter called us a cab at the end of our meal too.
For my late birthday dinner,my dear friend  y.s had asked my husband and I to have dinner at firefly in Henderson,,,honest ??? Scorned time for mr,,,first time was only drinks with my girlfriends,,,( even if we wanted a table ,,ain't  gonna happen) sooooo my sit down tapas dinner was excellent ,,,I loved every order we had ordered...I wish it was more room for my long arms and legs...even more,,,do I want  my next sit neighbors to hear every word I say at my table ???? No no no!!!! Over all I will recommend Henderson firefly to all my friends!!! Sorry miss Amy P you had bad experience ....firefly should give you a night on the house!!!!
I am so relieved that this place opened up closer to my house.  Prior to this place opening up, my wife and I went to the paradise location.  It was alway a pain in the but going there because parking is always a challenge, it is always busy, we have had to wait over and hour for a table before, and many tourists find their way there.  This new location is located in the previous location of the Rare Steakhouse (which I was sad to see go).  Although it was busy when my wife and I went, it was not ridiculously busy like the Paradise location can get.  This placed has all of the same great food as the other locations, and the quality is the same.  My only complaint was that the sangria tasted watered down, but this could be because we got there later in the evening.  All and all I look forward to having this place right down the street!
this new way of eating is definitely putting a dent in my wallet.

it "appears" to be as if you're not eating that much and hence=saving money but you're really not, lol. don't let that fool you but at the same time, definitely have your first tapas experience at Fireflies.

a lot of things are good. i mean they make the POTATOES GOOD. potatoes are such a everyday household vegetable and once you experience their chipotle sauce all slaughtered over these fried goodies, you'll be allll overrr this restaurant.

definitely have the mussels (though I don't think they're worth $7 for the amount we got, ITS JUST TOO GOOD TO PASS UP)
also definitely order the artichoke crostinis. SO GOOD 

let me repeat
SO GOOD. 

this place just loses a star because of the decor. this particular restaurant at this location is all red and the lights are dim and I suppose it sets a romantic feel but you can still achieve a feeling of "romance" without having a nearly dark/red room. I hated it.
Love this place. Food is amazing, best sangria in town but don't be fooled by their website on happy hour specials. Sure I enjoy a beverage as much as the next guy but I need some good after work. The website says "serving up free tapas" but there was no free food or food specials. Finishing this sangria pitcher and headed to elephant bar for their food specials.
My husband and I arrived early because we heard that parking can be a problem.  We had 7 dishes plus desert, coffee and 2 cocktails for about $65.  Not bad at all.  We will try other dishes next time, but the bacon-wrapped dates, lamb skewers, and fried calamari, were our favorites.
You can never go wrong with this place.  We first went to the one on Paradise and were so EXCITED when they opened one in Henderson.  Tapas is such a great way to go as you can try so many different things but beware, some plates (Salad, Fries) they are more then a Tapas place and OMG the Paella is the BOMB.  It takes about 40 minutes to prepare and the menu says it will feed 2 to 6, REALLY???  We had 5 people and still brought half of it home.  This was an awesome dish but is for a party of people unless you order nothing else but in a place like this THERE IS NO WAY YOU CANNOT ORDER ANYTHING ELSE!!!

Everything here is top notch, they do get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights but you need to try this place several times, it is just that good of a place.
My wife and I, along with a few close friends, finally decided to check out this FireFly location to see what all the hype was about. My verdict: worth the hype!

The only thing I didn't like about this place, and I can't really fault them for this, is that it is very popular, and as a result, it will be crowded and you will have to wait. Now, given that, everything else is fantastic; including the bar, where you can go and wait until your table is ready. The bartenders are friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. They had a pretty darn good scotch collection and some interesting drinks for the wife.

We were sat after about 20 minutes. Again, this wasn't too bad, since we were hanging out at the bar having a few drinks. Now, I'm not a small guy--I am 6'2" and weigh 220lbs. I was deathly scared that this place, being tapas and all, would not leave me feeling full. Boy, was I wrong! For the same price you'd pay for a meal at any other similar restaurant, you'll leave feeling just as full, with the added perk of being able to try so many different delicious "mini-dishes." The food was excellent and was brought to our table in very timely fashion. The wait staff was friendly and efficient. They took the time to explain some of the dishes that my party and I were unfamiliar with, and they did it with a smile and thorough explanation, along with personal reccomendations. The atmosphere is cool, modern, and trendy, though it might be a bit loud for some people. 

Every time we have friends from out of town visiting, the wife and I bring our company here.
This review is for the new Sunday brunch menu, recently started at Anthem and Summerlin location. About 14 menu items, tapas style priced between $2-5 and also a drink menu that includes $20 all you can drink from anything on the menu. Every item I tasted I loved, but my favorites were the patatas bravas, lemon-ricotta pancakes and huevos rancheros. Only reason I knocked off a star is, I could easily rack up a $40 bill ordering the same thing a couple times, kinda dangerous. I did enjoy my food, I would return if I were craving Spanish tapas for brunch again.
This place is amazing! I love being able to try lots of foods, and this place is perfect for that. All the tapas dishes ranged from $4-$10 and usually serve about 2 people, sometimes more depending on the dish. Was here on a Friday night and it wasnt too busy, which was perfect because my BF and I were starving. Even better, service was quick! Heres what we had:

Apple & Manchego Salad - sliced up pieces of apple and cheese mixed with some green onions and a light dressing. I just love how this one looked and I was kind of surprised by how well everything tasted together.

Chicken Salad - pretty much your typical chicken salad served on endive leaves with some bread on the side. It was good, but in comparison to the other things we had, this one wasnt very memorable. But the bread was really tasty!

Stuffed Dates - one of our favorites! Dates stuffed with ground up almond and blue cheese wrapped in bacon. You get 5 pieces with this one but youll definitely want more! Im getting hungry just thinking about these!!

Stuffed Mushrooms - pretty good overall. I thought they were a bit greasy, but the taste was good. Not exactly sure what the mushrooms were stuffed with though... bread crumbs, bell pepper, and yumminess.

Crispy Duck Roll - another favorite of ours! The duck was so flavorful. The outside is similar to an egg roll. Wasnt too greasy and just filled with duck, no veggies on this one. You also get 4 pieces here. 

Eggplant Cannelloni - this one seemed a little small compared to our other dishes. The cannelloni's were about the size of my ring finger, but the taste makes up for it. Stuffed with goat cheese and topped with a tomato basil sauce. Cant go wrong with goat cheese!

Lamb Skewers - probably one of the bigger dishes. Comes with 2 skewers with 3 pieces of lamb on each. I thought the lamb was a little tough, but wasnt gamy tasting at all. The skewers were served on top of a bed of lentils with tomatoes. I wasnt too thrilled with the lentils. I thought they were just too flat compared to some of the other great flavors we had, but the bf enjoyed it, so maybe its just me.

Theres also a pretty big selection of dessert items, maybe a dozen or so. But we didnt have any room for dessert after all that. Ill have to make sure I save room next time. I live is So Cal, but anytime Im in the Vegas area, I WILL be stopping by here. Cant pass up such tasty food!!!
This place is overhyped. I went during the day with a group of people and tried many items off the menu. Other than the bacon wrapped dates, there was nothing stunningly delicious or even memorable. I was surprised considering all the raving reviews. Additionally, the space is cramped with the tables too close together, and the decor is drab. Again, I was surprised. Red walls with a couple of Spanish looking paintings of some woman with more red. Seriously, the hot atmosphere everyone's so enchanted by, well that's all there is. I've actually seen those paintings somewhere else, I just can't put my finger on where.  What I do remember is thinking about how drab and crappy they looked the first time I saw them. 
As far as drinks, I had a Watermelon Mojito which was decent and refreshing. Service was decent. Not bad, not great.
Menu was hard to order off of. Lots of foreign items with no pictures or much of anything to help clarify. Just long lists of ingredients after each item.
I was so underwhelmed by my experience that I didn't want to take the time to leave a review but I'm aggravated because everyone's taking on an arrogant attitude for having "discovered" tapas and this place is just not the be all end all of worldly taste.
This location has more variety of menu than the one on paradise (which I used to love going to after work since it's like mile away from the strip where I work at..) so I was kinda lost looking at the menu n my bartender Kelly was nice enough to recommend about 5 different tapas for me to try n I loved every single one of em he picked out for me! My blueberry mojito was little too strong (cz I don't usually drink..) soon as I mentioned to him he put more simple syrup n made it sweeter too :) it was the PERFECT brunch I had in a long time n I will return Sooo~n again for sure! "Thx for the outstanding customer service to all the staff!" they always make me feel so welcome here ;)
Everything on the menu incredible, atmosphere is buzzing and servers are quick! Delivery can be a little impersonal as many different runners are bringing food to the table. This is my favorite location, I haven't had a bad dish yet, yeah for bacon wrapped dates!
I'm a big fan of Spanish tapas.  You can get many different small plates of different kinds of food - what's there not to like?  Just like their Paradise location, this place is crazy-busy.  Parking was impossible so we resorted to valet.  This spot was like a revolving door of restaurants - business was bad for them but I think Firefly is here to stay which is really good news.

We got the stuffed dates, tomato bread with manchego cheese, Firefly fries, ham & cheese croquetas and filet mignon sliders.  Had a great dinner here as usual.  Seriously, you can get whatever's on the menu and you can't go wrong.  The only thing that I wasn't too happy about was that they don't have lobster escargot but it's on the menu.  I was told they use scallops instead of losbter.  So, shouldn't it be scallop escargot then?  The bread they use for the tomato bread is quite thin making it soggy after a few minutes.  Normally, authentic Spanish restaurants would use thick slices of bread.

But anyway, banana Nutella sandwiches saved the evening.  Hooray!

This is a tapas bar so expect noise...sometimes, a lot of it.  Service is mediocre.  But I guarantee, the food is good.
the chorizo stuffed mushrooms are a must and the staff is always friendly.
One of Vegas's best restaurants has moved to a really nice location, but it does have a few issues. Came here with a few friends and this food here is pretty much the same as it is at the other locations.

We ordered the standard fare, firefries, sliders, mac n cheese, bacon wrapped dates, banana nutella sandwiches, all of which were great. Food wise, its just as good as the original on Paradise. Consistency is awesome.

This is probably the nicest/most private location of the 3, its located on the second floor of a building on the south side with a perfect view of Vegas. Huge windows line the entire north side of restaurant and you see the entire strip. However, there is almost noooooo space to park. Firefly shares the shopping center with a few other business and it has a tiny parking lot that sucks to navigate. Some people park on the street, or a neighboring lot, wherever they did, it suckkked!

Also, I think the restaurant might be smaller than the original, not sure, but this one seemed way more packed, we waiting for atleast 20 minutes. Blah, though getting there and waiting wasn't very fun, getting our table and getting food was a breeze and was just as expected. Definitely worth checking out and will be back.
Great Tapas! The bacon wrapped dates are a must Atmosphere/view=great, although I do recommend windexing the glass_view of the city, hand prints everywhere.
Nontheless,  Food is amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone ! Seafood is fresh and plating and presentation is great ! Good Job chef!
Now if you know me, you would know that Firefly is literally one of my top favorite restaurants in the valley.  I love the original location on Paradise for many reasons:  The drinks, the staff, the food.  Well, after hearing about this new location in Henderson, a group of us decided to come here for lunch to celebrate the start of a new employee.  My thoughts of this place:  it wasn't the same...it was just ok.

First off, the staff is super nice and accommodating.  The view is wonderful.  It's up on Eastern, pass Horizon Ridge on the way to Anthem.  It's located on the second story of a building and literally overlooks the strip.  My first impression was that this would be a great date place that offered a dramatic view.  

For the food, however, I wasn't thrilled at all.  We got a lot of stuff and here's what I thought.  First off, my favorite dishes to get are the stuffed dates and the lamb skewers.  With the dates, I know I'm going to get bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese, sitting in a wine reduced sauce.  I thought the sauce was not as sweet as I'm used to and really oily.  For the lamb skewers, I definitely think their temperatures were off. I asked for medium done and got a medium well lamb which meant dry meat.  Also, talk about under seasoned.  A little salt and pepper goes a long way.  We also got the camarone a la diabla, which are pieces of shrimp sitting in a pool of sweet chili sauce.  It was ok, just not the same as the paradise location.  The stuffed mushrooms were dry, chicken salad was good, just didn't offer the same greatness as the original location.  

As you can tell, I wasn't really thrilled about the food, even though we spent over $200 that day (thank goodness for work meals).  I don't know if that was just that day or if that's a common theme.  I have been hearing that from others, so maybe it's consistent ok food and not what I expect from Firefly.  Definitely curious to hear others' thoughts about this place.
This place is the best !!  Great sliders, ham & cheese croquetas, Mac & Cheese, stuffed dates (OMG),chicken skewers & shrimp in lemon garlic butter sauce. Everything we had was unbelivably good !!!!  This is only our second time here and would love to have Firefly back home.  We will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
While visiting my family we had a great meal at this location (6 people). Parking was kind of a pain; the lot didn't seem built to hold the amount of cars that would visit this area. Also, if you never been there before make sure you use the stairs (or elevator) to get up to the restaurant. We were able to make a reservation and were seated immediately.  Our waiter was awesome.  Friendly service and very quick. No messing around. Your order and food keeps coming and coming. The drinks were good as well. Check out the menu. There is way too much to mention and everything was excellent on our visit. Here are some of the dishes we had, trust me, they were all great! 
Apple and manchego salad
Sausage plate
Tuna peppers
Steamed mussels
Chorizo clams
Lamb skewers
Empanada
Crispy duck roll
It goes on....the one thing I did not like, but this is what you get at most tapas restaurants, is that the food is brought out so quickly, like an auto line. I feel like you can not truly enjoy your meal with so many people and so many dishes. You are rushing to eat just to clear room on the table. This is no fault to Firefly, it is now on my return list when I visit Vegas again!
The Third Day of Christmas.

Firefly's location in Henderson is in that crazy busy retail zone off of Eastern Avenue, filled with  a multitude of restaurants, stores, and traffic.  Being a fan of Firefly for a while now, this was my first visit to the Henderson location.  First of all, the parking lot is small.  I was lucky to get a space near the entrance, but my date du jour had to park "..in the next county," as he called it, actually on the other side of the complex.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of a building that has a bar/lounge on the first floor (not Firefly's).  It's smaller compared to both the Paradise and W. Sahara locations, but I'm happy to report that the service and food are the same.  I had the requisite Stuffed Dates, the Apple and Manchego Salad, and the Manchego Macaroni and Cheese.  The guy ordered the Crispy Duck Rolls, which I didn't try, but he said were dry.  I enjoyed my selections, as usual--I've eaten at the other Fireflys enough to know what I like and what I don't.  Eating here is, for me, a no-brainer for those times when I just want to have something familiar and good and it's nice to know there is an option for this side of town.
I love Firefly.  This location is more of a family environment compared to the one on Paradise.  If you're going with friends for a good time I recommend the Paradise location.  If  you're going with family including kids, come to the Eastern location.  Either way, food is always great!

1 star = Sangria!

2 stars = the free bread; nothing tastes better than their butter!

3 stars = bacon wrapped dates....best I've had out of all the tapas restaurants I have been to.

4 stars = manchengo cheese which is in their ham and cheese croquetas and their mac and cheese; so good!

5 stars = escargo scallops!  yum!

If you want to go somewhere with lots of variety but aren't feeling a buffet, this place is for you.  If you want to go somewhere to tantalize your taste buds, this place is it!
Came here with my girlfriend over the summer, as her and her fiancee frequent this place often. It was SO good. Having lived in the Mission in San Francisco, I've had some bomb tapas. But the flavors here were just SO rich and awesome, it out-did any other tapas I've had before. The bacon-wrapped dates and their butter/bread seem to be classic hits here and for good reason- they are delish. We sat outdoors and the view of the cityscape was pretty. I'd highly recommend for any occasion- a date, a group outing, whatever. Food, prices, service and atmosphere are all great!
Food is excellent! Great variety of flavors. Nice atmosphere. Parking is tight on S. Eastern location. Prices are perfect and very friendly staff.
Oh so yummy. The stuffed dates and then little potato croquettes. So good. We had been to the other location and the sit to go here as much shorter, which was nice!  The sangria is tasty and the food is pretty dang delicious. Definitely recommend.
Three things about this place, parking is a bear.  Second price is kinda high for what you are getting.  and finally what you do get is quite delicious.  Iknow it is Tapas and portions are supposed to be small but some of the dishes like the scallops get stuck to the serving dish and make eating them more difficult.
While spending the New Years visiting my Dad in Nevada we decided to venture off the strip and explore the dining opportunities near his home in Henderson.

The reviews for Firefly caught our eyes and we were not disappointed. The bread/olives to start is great and the quality and value of the tapas were top notch.

The hit of the evening for our group was the paella. For $16 it was a ton of food and the taste was amazing. It really was great to start the meal with the small plates and then finish with the rice. If you are in the area, in the mood for quality food, and not looking to spend a fortune, Firefly will not disappoint.
Today is my daugher's 35th birthday.  We wanted to have the "Jazz Brunch" at a local restaurant.  We walked in and sat down.  No jazz, just tv's blaring a football game.  It went dowhill from there.  So $25.00 later, we walked out and drove down the street to Firefly.  It was the best thing we could have done.  The football game was on, but in a different area of the restaurant.  We sat in a comfy booth, had great food and wonderful service.  Thanks Firefly, you saved our celebration!
Okay...we finally made it this weekend to Firefly as my girlfriend kept mentioning it...her indirect way of saying she wants to go to a place.  I had not been crazed about going because I don't think the Paradise location is that far to drive to and I know the parking issues and layout of the building from past restaurants who have occupied this space.  We waited only about fifteen minutes for a table but clearly were in the way as bar/waiting area is in traffic pattern to and from kitchen.  We actually were seated at a couch table which is so low you don't have a view of anything except the TV playing Fox News???  Overall, the food is not as good as the Paradise location which is even more disappointing when you get the bill.  I have to say I hate the layout of the parking, the building, the way you have to exit back onto Eastern, etc.  I have checked this one off of my girlfriends bucket list and when we have a hankering for tapas will go to Paradise location or somewhere else...actually miss tapas restaurants back in Chicago and suburbs thereof.
This is a great place to bring a group of friends, or to go with a few co workers. Everything is served family style so that you can share the small portioned items. It's just little appetizers, but if you get enough people together, you can get full and satisfied quite quickly. I tried a few new things when I went just to see.  I will definitely go again and I do recommend this place to anyone. I will say, this place has an upstairs location. There is an elevator for those who cannot use stairs. It is in a good, safe neighborhood and not too far out of the way.
great tapas!! yummy food, fries were really good and mac n cheese!
Love this place, and fortunately its a favorite of everyone in my family. 

Its begun to be a favorite of many others too... Last night the wait was 45 minutes, but always worth it. Noticed last night that the folks in Sun City Anthem have discovered why this place has branched out through the valley... 

Ordered the usual, and added a few new tapas to try out.. 

You can't eat at Firefly without eating the Bacon Wrapped Dates.. 
Bacon, Dates, Blue Cheese & Almonds, nuf said.. 

Filet sliders - tender, soft bun and flavorful, Tuna stuffed pepperdews - my favorite!
Lamb & Mushroom skewers - tender grilled lamb & mushrooms served over lentils.. Tasty! 

Usually get the Gazpacho, but decided to try the Tomato Basil soup since it was cold outside.. Soup was good, however I think I was expecting more of a cream base. 

Firefly fish sticks, according to my family were just average. They have had them before and said they were much better. Understand it happens every now and then. 

Great place to people watch and try foods you may not have tried before!
Drink specials are great however, if you like fried, frozen food, and reheated than this is your place.
Love that they've opened up a new location in the south!  It's got floor to ceiling windows and a wonderful view of the Strip.  In comparison to the other two locations this one would have to be my favorite - it's more spacious and it's got more of a romantic feel.  
 
Come for happy hour where drinks are half off and order yourself a pitcher of sparkling sangria.  And if you're up for it, order some tapas as well.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu as everything tastes pretty delicious.  

Great place to unwind after a long days work.  That sparkling sangria is just magic.
Refer to my review of Firefly on Paradise: http://www.yelp.com/biz/firefly-las-vegas-3#hrid:LtIOJ9nAHBd0tos_ivWWOw

This is my favorite location of the three in the valley. It's a nice open space (mostly because of the floor-to-ceiling windows) and I think it's a great spot for big groups (although the SW location does have a very nice private room). We have done several gatherings at this location for 8-10 people and the space and staff are accomodating. The parking is a little tricky, just like their Paradise location, but they also have valet on busy evenings (I haven't really decided whether this is a good or bad thing).

During one particular visit late last year, my colleagues and I reserved a table for 11 and were informed that each person had to spend a certain amount of money or a set menu had to be created. Not cool. I knew that most of us would likely spend a decent amount of money (our bills have typically been $30-40 each), but we didn't want to force others to spend the same amount. Anyway, I haven't run into this problem again because now I always make reservations for ten and play it by ear (you always have one or two friends that don't show up).
This is a terrific place to meet with friends, especially if you like sharing. I have never had a single order that wasn't delicious, and their drinks are fantastic. Pitchers of mojitos or sangria, and a happy hour that is one of the best around. Can get crowded on weekends and during the times you'd expect, but I haven't had to wait more than 5 minutes even then.
Tapas are such a prefect meal for those that want to try a little bit of everything on the menu.  I won't get into all the food that I tried over this past weekend but I will point out some highlights of this great meal.  

First things first.  DRINKS!  The happy hour here is awesome.  Half priced drinks.  A friend and I decided to share a pitcher of the Blueberry Mojito.  What a great deal for $15 bucks (reg price $30).  It was the only drink that we needed since we were the only ones who were drinking it.  Highly recommend!

The food was good.  We literally tried a little bit of everything.  I loved the bacon wrapped dates.  I probably could have put down at least 3 orders myself but I wanted to be adventurous and try something new which I did.  I never had an anchovy in my life until I came here.  We ordered the Boquerones [Spanish white anchovies on toasts w/roast red pepper, yellow pepper vin], which was an unusual taste.  The red pepper and the avocado that was placed on it overpowered the anchovy.  I probably won't order this again but its good to try foods that are outside of the box.  The Ahi tuna skewer [mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze], was overcooked.  It was still good but could have used less time on the grill.   The steak and mushroom skewers[grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction] was a little chewy.  It was still good but even the knife had a hard time cutting.  

Overall this was a good meal with an awesome happy hour.  The small plates make the experience of trying new foods more fun and if you didn't like the plate then you wont feel as bad if it was the only thing that you ordered.  I will definitely be back to try more of this great tapas creations.

Cheers
I have been to the original Firefly a number of times and the one that used to be on Fremont Street.  I thought the Fremont St. location was the best but this one on Eastern far surpasses the original, in my opinion.  I just think the space is much bigger and better.

We went here on a Saturday night and I had called the day before to make reservations.  They told me, no reservations on weekends and yet, when we arrived they asked if we had a reservation.  Interesting.  We were told it'd be a 30 minute wait for a table unless we could be out by 7, then only a 5 minute wait.  Very interesting.  We took the challenge.  

It was still happy hour when we sat down. Half price drinks!!  Since the pitchers are ridiculously overpriced I thought it was a steal to grab one for happy hour.  They don't have any beers on tap but they do have Dogfish and Samuel Smith in a bottle so that was nice.  Our waitress was on top of it and even made sure to give us last call for HH at 5:59.  

I thought the food was either the same or better than the location on Paradise.  None of us had any complaints about it.  This spot has a nice view and, other than parking, is a great place to hang out with some friends or even take a date.  I'm a fan!  (Oh, and we made it out at 7:01 and they didn't call the cops.)
I have never been disappointed at any of the Firefly locations...and this was my first visiting the Henderson location.

Outside of some major parking issues...give up and just use valet.  It prevents you from waking from a dirt parking lot next door.

The place is upstairs and very popular with locals....great views, fab tapas menu, bottomless pitchers of Mojitos and a wait staff that is quick, courteous and truly wants you to enjoy yourself while there.

Get their early for a good seat, otherwise the wait time can be pretty long...and there's no fun waiting while you hear people laughing, while the smell of food and alcohol is in the air.
Just as delicious as I remember.

I wrote a review for the other Firefly location on Paradise, but what the hell I'll write another one for this location :D

I went with 4 other people to dine here for lunch, since I heard dinner is always packed.. and plus we were busy at night anyway. So when we got there at like 2 PM or something, EMPTY. Ok, like 5 other tables were there, but otherwise EMPTY! Which is great for us, no wait for table and barely any for food.

We got:
- Fries
- Skewered ahi
- Ham and cheese croquettes
- Manchego mac and cheese
- Albondigas
- Tuna Tartare
- Chorizo clams
- Fish sticks
- Stuffed mushrooms
+ Complimentary bread

Between the 5 of us, this was the perfect amount of food. We actually got like 3 plates of bread and the honey butter because it was SO GOOD. And so free. I would recommend ALL of the above items, especially the ahi and tuna tartare.. and.. just.. all of them. And more.
I had heard lots of good things about Firefly, so my friend and I decided to check it out on a Monday during happy hour (which is from 3-6 everyday). 

They have a very large menu and lots of things to try.  Here is a list of things we got-

Stuffed Dates - [bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese] These were highly recommended on Yelp, so I tired them and yummy!!  I loved them. They had a great sweet and savory taste going on. I absolutely loved the crunch of the almond as you bite in to the date. 

Stuffed Peppers - [Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce] I enjoyed these as well. They had crunchy onion strings on top which add really good texture that the soft pepper and cheese needed. 

Baked Tetilla - [roasted tomato and tetilla cheese fondue with chorizo, toasts] This I really would not order again. Just was not my favorite. It had an off taste and the toasts were not toasty, but soggy from being placed in the cheese.

Ham & Cheese Croquetas - [serrano ham & manchego cheese] This was one of my favorite items of the night. The breading was light and crunchy and the filling was wonderful. Little bits of ham and melty cheese!! Mmmmm...my mouth waters now just thinking about them!

Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms - As far as stuffed mushrooms go they were good, but I don't think i'd order them again. Nothing that special about them.

Steak & Mushroom Skewers - [Grilled filet with a roasted garlic cream & red wine reduction] We got these cooked medium rare and oh boy they were so yummy. The steak and mushrooms were cooked perfectly. Dipped in the sauce it was pure heaven on a stick! I'd for sure order these again!

I also had the sparkling sangria. Which was a very reasonable price due to happy hour and very refreshing.

Now for the service and atmosphere part of the evening- I got there around 4:45pm. It seems to be the shift change time cause there was a slew of employees walking by my table clocking into a computer or gathering their stuff and clocking out. The kitchen is open-style, but where my table was, I felt like the three waiters who were waiting for their orders were just standing there staring at me. It made me feel very uncomfortable. I think they should have their employees clocking in and out at some other place and not in clear view of customers. At first the service was fast, but as they got busier, they got slower. It took about 10 minutes to refill my friend's soda and even refill the water. 

I had read on their Yelp page that it was not a place for children, yet there were two different couples that brought toddlers and a newborn baby. I feel that the review is correct and that it is not a place for children. I go to a place like this because it is an adult environment. This is not Applebees! I do not want to hear little billy banging his fork over at the next table. If they don't have a kids menu you should not bring your children.

Overall I really enjoyed Firefly! I totally would go back again. But maybe i'll ask to be seated at a table not so close to the kitchen.
Tapas are dreamy. Service was perfection and the prices weren't bad I my opinion.  The spinach salad,  dates with bacon and blue cheese,  lamb chops, artichoke toaster and muscles were off the charts. We ordered more tapas that were all delicious but I mentioned my absolute faves. Nothing was less than delicious.  

One and only issue was parking. Parking is horrible there. I could not see fit to take off a star because of the parking because the service and food made it ok.
Have friends in town and need a hot spot for party of 6 or more?  Firefly is the place to be, just call to make reservation since they do take reservation for only party of 6 or more.  

We only had 4 people in our party so we had to wait to get a table.  We decided to wait at the bar.  The bar is in the back, which is quite strange since majority of the restaurants, it would be toward the front.  Anyways, we had to walk pass diners eating at tables before we reached the bar.

Half an hour later, our table was ready.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria and each ordered our favorite items on the menu to share.  It was a bit hard to communicate across the table since the ambiance is that of a night life.  However, the food was full of flavor.  Our favorite is the lamb sausage.  

Therefore, if you are looking for good food, good sangria, Firefly is the place to be.
I have tried to like this place. I have tried to agree with the copious amount of positive reviews and friends that want to drag me here. But I cannot tolerate it anymore. 

The food is just awful. Not just a little bit bad. Not just a let down. But really freaking bad. I can't understand why this place has so much traction. (Yes Bacon wrapped dates are good, but I can make that taste good as well. It's not freaking hard. It is BACON)

I have always subsribed to the.........Sangria and alchohol make food better.....theory on this place.

But you can't even get a decent drink here anymore. I literally drank 2 pitchers of mojitos at this place, and nary a light hearted moment. I tried get the waitress to put a little alchohol in the mojito, and each time she gave me the obligatory "we make em so good you don't taste it" line. I'm calling BS. I paid a premium penny for a sugary syrup and some mint leaves. 

I'm going to be jerk here. All you people that give this place a positive review don't know your @#$ from a hole in the ground. 

And for the record, I have no vested interest here. This place just sucks and I can't stand hearing people rave about it anymore.
Visited the Eastern location - great view, some outdoor seating. We had a pitcher of red sangria, one of my favorites!  We tried several tapas - Ceviche, stuffed dates, Firefly fries, manchengo mac and cheese, tierra y mar skewers, camarones diablo, calamari. This required a second pitcher of sangria, of course! Everything tasted so good! Service was also good.  Check your bill, though! I didn't realize until after I left that they hadn't ajdjusted the bill to reflect their happy hour prices.  I'll definitely return!
WOW**** This was so good. Bacon wrapped dates, shrimp tempura, steak skewer's and the french fries. everything was great. We wanted the paella but didn't want to wait. Then we saw it at another table and I wanted to kick myself. we will return for the paella.
My husband and I make Firefly the spot for special occasions because it is an absolute favorite. We usually go to the Paradise location, but for this Valentine's lunch we went to the Eastern location. 
The warm spinach salad and tuna peppers were delicious. We ordered the $12 fruit and cheese platter. This was definitely an overpriced dish as there was very little cheese on the platter. The strawberrries were mushy and the apple slices still had the fruit stickers attached. Yuck,
We had better service from the busser. Our waiter walked right past our table to a group that sat down after us to take their order. He rarely stopped by our table and seemed bored everytime.
I was told that this place has a similar vibe as the Yard House, but that isn't the case in my opinion.  Firefly has a more intimate atmosphere that isn't centered around television monitors.  The food is served a la carte which can be pricey considering that the portions aren't very large.  But the quality of the food is up to par.  My favorite dish would be the  bacon dates. Bomb dot com.
I guess I'm finally a local, because after 7.5 years in Vegas, I ate at a Firefly.  I don't know how I've missed it, as it's been super popular.  But, finally had lunch at this one.  It was good, but I was not overly impressed.  This is a 3.5 star review.  I can't go up to 4, but it was a good lunch.

The bread was warm and had a nice compound butter with it.  I don't eat olives, but there were olives as well.  Good bread service, and it was nice to dip in the tomato sauce later in the meal.

The wife got the tomato soup with the brie grilled cheese.  I don't usually like tomato soup, but I wanted to try it.  The soup needed salt (something a lot of dishes lacked) and the grilled cheese was not grilled enough.  It too was on the bland side.  The adult fish sticks were overly done.  They were either burnt or the recipe calls for them to be fried too long.  Also, the spicy tartar sauce was lacking in heat.

The shrimp tempura was a winner, although I didn't care for the sauce.  They are large and the tempura breading was good, not ridiculously thick as tempura can be.  Also, it adhered to the shrimp well.  This dish is served with tempura fried green onions and carrots, which were great.

The meatballs were solid.  The parmesan kind of melts into a blanket on the top, making it difficult to remove one meatball from the dish without taking all the cheese with you.  

The ham and cheese croquettes were winners.  I will order this dish again, and maybe 2 of it.  Perfectly fried (as opposed to the fish sticks) and a nice tangy sauce.  

The manchego mac n cheese has been built up.  I've heard about it from several diners.  And, it largely lived up to its reputation.  I liked the peppers on top, they tasted to me like peppadews.  This is something we will do at home when we make mac n cheeses.  

All in all, glad I went, and I certainly will return.
Very cute tapas bar.  My husband and I came for a quick date one evening and it ended up being happy hour! score!  half off drinks.  food was all quite tasty.  Nice place to catch up with some friends or to get a quick bite to eat.  You are also able to sample lots of foods too since the portions are small.
Went there with my boyfriend for our Valentine's night out. This was my first tapas experience and it was a good one. We ended up ordering 7 different things. Even with them all being small plates we were definitely filled up and quick. We had a lot left over too, not bc it wasn't good, we were that full! Next time we def will only get maybe 5 dishes. The place was packed but the food came out one right after another and was unbelievably good. I had to try the bacon wrapped dates that everyone talks about and they did not disappoint. Also the filet & ceviche are must haves. I will be going back for sure! I took away 1 star only bc even though the food came out with a quickness, we werent really asked how it was at any point and the drinks are extremely overpriced.
Great place to meet up with friends for dinner! I was hyped up for this restaurant because of all the other yelp reviews and I was a bit disappointed. We ordered many of the dishes off the menu such as the stuffed dates, steak skewers, scallops, fries, empanada, etc but nothing really stood out for me. I did enjoy the stuffed dates, the almond in the center was a nice surprise! I would come back one of these days because there is one right by my condo and try more of the items
I can be accused of being too critical from time to time, but I'm going to continue forth with an unexciting review for a local place that seems to have gone the way of many chain restaurants . . . and while expansion is great for the economy, it's not always great for the food.  Once upon a time, the menu at Firefly was excellent, and the execution was great.  Service has always been an issue, and it's not any different now.  The Eastern location is actually very nice - great views of the city at night, although if you're not a resident of the Anthem area, it'll be hard to notice and could be considered hard to get to.  Parking is not so great or plentiful as some the Firefly neighbors seem to get a little testy about which spots belong to who.
In any case, the ambience is very Firefly - swanky, dark and a little sensual, same as the other locations.  The staff is generally personable, but very slow and somewhat disinterested in your dining experience.  It struck as almost being drive-thru like - they're trying to turn as many tables as possible, which means getting your order to you and you out the door.  
The food is still good, although not excellent.  The bacon wrapped dates are more like charcoal wrapped raisins - I recommend a pass on that dish.  The roasted beet salad however is very good albeit very simple.   I've had good days and bad days with the mushroom tart - on a good day it's to die for, on a bad day, the pastry dough tastes like it's been in the freezer six months too long, and the mushroom sauce like it's been in the can too long.  Tha ham and cheese croquettas however, those have been consistently delish.  Those are a must have for me every time I visit.  
Which brings me to my last point - this review seems very critical and sound like I'm disappointed in Firefly, and I am, but that's only because it used to be so much better, but it's still good . . .  not great, but good.   It's a good spot for a dinner out with friends, great for takeout when you don' t feel like cooking dinner, and a decent spot for happy hour.
Came to this location last night for a friend's bday and after visiting the original Paradise Road location several times almost two years ago, I was excited!   The location is on Eastern just past Sunridge Heights Pkwy. It's upstairs and there is an elevator or stairs if you're capable. I love this location more so than the original because it felt more open.  The windows are large, the space between tables is plentiful, and there are a couple different rooms. The original one seemed boxed in and tight fitting.  We ordered many different items and over the course of two years, my palate has changed a bit, so I was more adventurous last night. I ordered the tuna tartare plate which was a big mound of tuna sprinkled w/ black seasame seeds, mixed with avocado and a very tasty dressing/marinade. Could have used a bit more dressing/marinade for my taste buds, but they may have wanted to highlight the tuna.  It was good, and was served with taro chips. Nothing gross, just tasted like a crunchy tortilla.  I really wanted to try the eggplant cannelloni and the ahi tuna skewers/kabobs but with everyone else ordering dishes and all of us sharing, we all reached our stuffing point. Next time. The house made sangria is great, and we also ordered mojitos which was great as well, not overly sweet.
This location isn't so hot.

Unlike the one located closer to the strip, the one in Henderson lacks the Spanish feel. The paella here is always dry...Service is usually mediocre. The last time I ordered my favorite Chorizo and Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms they weren't cooked--let alone even warm. The Tuna Tartar was nice and fresh. However, it wasn't anything special. A little of seasoning wouldn't have hurt.
Visited on a Sunday at about 10:30AM.

Service was slow.

What really got my attention was the less than stellar initial impression and lazy follow through. 

During this this one and only visit to-date the server seemed to be too busy or was just fumbling through his duties. Had to be asked several times for a glass of water which took halfway through the meal to get.

Whether management assigns too many table per server, are just concerned with filling tables or employee sick calls was the reason is of course speculative but nonetheless directly affect customer impression which determines future business.

Food was good...not much else to say besides the two others in my party did not rave about it.

Like another restaurant in my reviews the outside cityscape view, if seated accordingly, was decent.

May give them another chance but with all the competition in Vegas we'll see when, if that ever happens.

Again, service did not measure up in comparison to area Mexican restaurants.

Yes, I did notice that this establishment seems to have a healthy 4 and 5 star round-up so you may as well try.
Went with my fiance to Firefly in Hendersen for the first time last night. 

When you walk up the stairs at night you look to the left and see an awesome view of the Strip. The atmosphere is lively on a Friday night and the decor is warm. 

For tapas we tried:
 - Ceviche of Shrimp: I thought it was good, but nothing overly special. It had avocado in it which I haven't seen done before. I enjoyed that part, but I felt it was still lacking something. It just seemed like someone mixed avocado, shrimp, and onions with lime juice. Not bad by any means, just nothing special.
 - Apple and Manchego Salad: Nothing too special with this Tapa either. My fiance got it for herself and I had a couple bites. I felt the apple a bit overpowering, but the flavor wasn't bad. 
 - Artichoke Toasts: AMAZING! Everything from the aioli to the hearts was excellent. This will be the first thing I order when I come back. 
 - Manchego Mac and Cheese: Excellent Mac and Cheese. Great flavor of real cheese and a good level of saltiness. 
 - Crispy Duck Roll: Tasty! The duck was ever-so-slightly overcooked, but the hoisen sauce made up for it. Great flavor. 
 - Scallops Escargot: These were pretty good. I was hoping it would be standard sized scallops, but they were cut in half. The garlic and herb sauce paired really well with it though.

We also tried their Mojito. It had great taste and went down smooth. One issue though, the mint wasn't really muddled. It was just put in there. While it still had a minty taste, it could've been better with more genuine mint flavor. 

All in all, we will definitely be back to try their other tapas. Well worth the visit and I'm definitely a fan.
Service was less then good, they are more interested in turning tables then good service. I ordered a extra dry martini and all I could taste was vermouth, sent it back and second one came back worse. We had to flag down one of 8 gum chewing busboys/waiters for some water, we knew this was going to be a challenge as several attractive girls had sat down near their station. They became very distracted and service suffered. Finally our waitress took our order, tuna tartare, tilapia, meatballs and stuffed mushrooms, 3 out 4 showed up, waitress never came by to check on us only to ask if wanted dessert. Was hungry as I left, they need a real manager or like every previous business there they too will fail!!!!
Uhhhhmazing. Such a variety of food, you are never restricted with one dish. Get everything on the menu.
LOVE the firefly but the extra drive to paradise will be much better served. The kids who staff this location are slow, uninterested, inefficient, and inattentive.  For tapas style dining especially, that kinda ruins the experience. Poor management sense; poorly run business.
The mushroom torte is fantastic. We are vegetarians and have a hard time finding a good veggie friendly place to eat. This restaurant is very accommodating and has many delicious dishes for us.
First time me and my hubby try this location. We were in the area and looking for a good place to have dinner and wow were we happy we came here. We came during their happy hour and we were told drinks were half price. At this point my day has been made but then the food came out... The bacon wrapped dates were to die for..the server suggested to us an off the menu option called the crab claw corndogs.. oh my taste buds were they delicious!  The apple manchego salad was a perfect combination of  crisp apple and creamy cheese. The server was super happy to suggest things for us and he did not disappoint . Next time we come we will definitely be requesting to sit outside as the view is kinda of amazing and probably be ordering the paella. We saw one of those suckers walk by and the smell was intoxicating:)
Food bland, server a bit disinterested. Won't be going back
Wow ... what a great place! It was crowded! I'm from LA and wanted to get away from The Strip. My friend recommended this local spot and it definitely hit the spot. It was really busy.  Kind of strange that there are no pagers/buzzers for this place, but the Hostess said she would come find us at the bar area.  I was skeptical, but okay.

Started the evening with a pitcher of white sangria. YUM! It could have had more fruit, but it was refreshing nonetheless.  About 30 minutes later and 2 couples who got there after us were seated before us, I asked the hostess how much longer it would be. It was clear that she forgot. Intuition correct! As a result, minus 1 star.

Delicious: The bacon wrapped dates are great, as well as, the apple manchanga salad. However, I would do the salad at the end of the service, instead of the beginning. It's a great palate cleanser. Only okay: The lamb skewers with lentils were good but the lamb was a bit charred. The eggplant cannoli was also good but the goat cheese overpowered the dish. Beef empanada was okay. YUM: Dessert: banana nutella sandwhich and pistachio gelato. All that for under $40. Great pricing. 

Definitely worth checking out.
Been going to Paradise Location...It's smaller but BIG on taste/flavor !!!! Henderson location is bigger...great view and always awesome food...tasty...delicious...yum !!!! Sierra y Mar is one of my fav...lamp chops...calamari...and so on
Having been to the Firefly on Paradise a month and a half ago, I was really excited to find that there were other locations in the valley not quite so crowded and busy. So, we made a reservation to celebrate our anniversary tonight, and unfortunately, this location was a real bummer compared to the other one.

Wish I'd noticed that a bunch of the reviews on this location appear to be for the Paradise location, not the Anthem location BEFORE we made a reservation. If you're reviewing here, people, this is the Anthem location we're talking about! :)

We started with the baked tetilla and smoked salmon toasts. The tetilla itself was great, but there was a large quantity of cheese and we only got four small, thin pieces of bread to dip in the cheese. They were also served in the cheese, so all were half-soggy by the time we got them. We made up for the rest by using the bread plate. We had almost finished by the time the waiter returned to ask if we needed more bread.

I had really enjoyed the smoked salmon toasts at the other location, and was so bummed to pick up my first one and find that it was burned black and so dry it was broken in half. One other was this way also (black and broken), and the other two were quite dark but at least they weren't broken. Really dry, though, and I lost out on any flavor that might have been on them. The salmon was tasty and the cream was nice as well, though.

We tried the Firefly fish with panko and spicy tartar sauce next, and were surprised by how stinky the fish was. I also live inland--even further inland than Nevada, in fact--and I've always found tilapia to be light on the aroma and to typically smell like the sea. Our tilapia was just plain stinky. Very fishy, very strong. Neither Husband nor I finished our fish.

The mango BBQ ribs were so tender the bones fell out of the meat, and the sauce was good, but we were pretty disenchanted by this point and decided to move on to dessert.

Bummer news--dessert wasn't up to snuff either. I'd gotten the dessert platter at the Paradise location and enjoyed everything on it, but we just wanted a bit of dessert, so Husband picked the lemon berry tarts. I knew they'd be tiny-tiny, having had the ones at the other location, but I was downright disappointed when I discovered the tiny tart shells were barely 1/3 full. And, if you've eaten there, you know that means there's probably between 1/2 tsp. and 1 tsp. of filling. The shells only fit about a tablespoon. The lemon filling was absolutely indistinguishable due to the higher proportion of tart crust and fresh berries (which were very sweet and tasty, thank heaven, or the dessert would have been absolutely irredeemable).

Service wasn't nearly as good as at the Paradise location, where I felt the waiter worked for my tip and I rewarded him handsomely in return. Here, where they were probably half to a third as busy, our waiter showed up at strange times and there were big lags between one course and the next. He was a perfectly adequate waiter but I knew I could expect better from this restaurant group. Our back waiter and runner were actually better than the waiter himself. They were quick, attentive, and helpful, and worked our table wonderfully.

So, a $55 meal I didn't enjoy all that much, but at least my belly is full. If you want the real Firefly experience, please go to the Paradise location. It's worth the wait AND the noise--and this is coming from someone who prefers a more serene dining experience, typically. Oh well. It was worth a try!
Saw Chef John Simmons on Chopped on the Food Network and bookmarked this place to try. 

Had the following:
Bacon Wrapped Dates - YUM. Must order!!
Ceviche of Shrimp - YUM! I love ceviche that is dripping in lemon juice. Big pieces of shrimp with nicely chopped veggies. Plus, the tortilla chips were homemade and really crispy.
Veggie Empanada - YUM! This was so flavor and the red pepper aioli was soooo good!
Mushroom Tart - DO NOT ORDER. This was NOT good. The puff pastry was slathered with what appeared to be Cream of Mushroom soup. The mushrooms were rubbery and canned tasting and the puff  pastry was soggy and not fluffy/flaky. 
Veggies & Lentils - Not a huge lentil lover, but this dish was pretty good. It was garlicky and flavorful. 
Ahi Tuna Skewer - I wouldnt recommend this. The tuna had no flavor.
Lamb Skewers - Good flavor just WAY TOO RARE.
Babyback Ribs - YUM!. Spicy, flavorful and fall-off-the-bone good!
Firefly Fries - Could have been a bit more crispy. The aioli is bomb!
Banana Nutella Sandwiches - Was good. Nothing to die over. 
Trio of Gelato (Comes with Pistachio, Chocolate, Vanilla) - All the flavors are good, but the pistachio is BOMB! I would recommend just ordering 3 scoops of pistachio.

There were 4 of us, came out to about $23 each with tax and tip. I think thats pretty darn good. 

Note: This location is upstairs in a strip mall... not the greatest from the outside, but the inside is nice and has a really pretty city light view once the sun sets.
It's not a bad place. It's not far from home, prices are decent, has a nice patio that overlooks the city.
I have heard numerous reports that I HAD to go to Firefly while in Vegas. I hadn't made it in until my last visit.

I have to say, the service was great, the bus boys always kept our waters filled and table cleared, but holy crap- THE FOOD.

We had 6 different tapas plates. Everything from tetilla dip, meatballs, green apple & machego salad, ceviche, machego mac n cheese, and stuffed dates. Single handedly the best meal I have had in the last few months. It enabled us to try all kinds of cuisine without having to dine in different restaurants.

The other things that made it so great were the sparkling sangria (a little too much ice, made it hard to drink but it was still great) and for dessert- Banana &  Nutella on toast.

I could have taken the Nutella home to-go. 

All in all, great experience. I know there are 3 locations, but I think this is easily the best one.
These chain of restaurants have the best service that you can get in Vegas, it is genuine and warm. I've worked for the industry in Vegas for almost 3 years and it is so refreshing to find servers and service of these quality. Going to firefly, we are helping our local community by investing more in our local business. It is a versatile place to dine out, either for a date, friends, or even family reunion. I am latina and firefly is THE only place in vegas that offers a tasteful place to enjoy latin american culture. I hate to hear people bad-mouthing these great restaurants, but plz keep in my these are ignorant people. Before any out there start pointing fingers, check your own kitchen and how you prepare you on own food, there are more chances that you will get food poison in your own kitchen, than in Firefly. Media is just taking advantange that Firefly is a place loved by locals and they are just making money out bad publicity. I can speak for my friends n myself that i will go back to firefly as much as I always do ( which is twice a week, every week) no matter what. Thanks again and please support our local business
We went to the location in Henderson just before the big Meltdown at the Paradise location.  The place was packed and the food was fine.
This place was dirty since the 2nd month it was open.  All my friends go there and love it but on my second visit after the opening I noticed that in general the place was getting dirty from window sills to sticky tables and seats, flies, floors were getting dingy and the food was not consistent to our first visit,,,,even the waiters look dirty.  This is the Henderson one that pasted the Health Dept review....scary.
Superb food every time we visit! The shrimp ceviche is the best ceviche we've ever had! 
So many great items on the menu. I've yet to have an item I didn't like. 

Great service! Great ambiance. This is one of our favorite place in Vegas!
I love Firefly. Hadn't been to this location yet but will be going back.  Their sangria is superb and I especially love the boqueronas (might have spelled that wrong), garden variety salad, passion fruit cheesecakes, bacon wrapped dates. But I have tried many things there (ceviche, petite filet, firefly fries, apple manchego salad, gazpacho, lemon berry tarts) and have yet to try something I didn't like. Oops, almost forgot another favorite - ham and cheese croquettes.  YUM!
This review should have been done several months ago.  In fact we where here before all the shut down from the health district with their Firefly on Paradise location.  I believe out of the three in the area this one was never shut down.  Anyway I used to love going to the one on Paradise with the girls on our girls night out so when they opened this location I had to get the hubby to come in and try it.  LOVED the mojitos but the food here was just ok....not as tasty has I have had. Hubby wasn't impressed so not sure I be able to get him to return with me.
Great selections of food! Great selection of beer & drink :) 
We ordered: fries (good), bacon dates (good), mussels (best), pulpos-octopus (salty!!!),and  steak& mushroom skewer (didn't cook well).
Our waiter was really hard to find whenever I needed him....the service was little slow even though we went for early dinner after work....
For some time now I'd been wanting to try Firefly. I had always heard good to excellent reviews of the place. Since it was closer and posted hours of operation allowed, I visited the Eastern location near Anthem. 

It was a party of 3 and we arrived about 1 hour and 15 minutes before closing. I supposed that was enough time to get relatively good service. We entered and were seated within a minute. The dimly lit room, music and paintings that hung along the walls created a hip and inviting atmosphere.

Our table was greeted by the waitress who seemed to be quite kind. We ordered drinks that were all brought to the table within minutes. After a moment or so we ordered the ham and cheese croquets, lamb skewers and veggie empanadas.  

The croquets arrived first. They were crispy on the outside with a mild hint of ham hidden in this cheesy, potato-enveloped dish. These were followed by char-grilled lamb skewers on a bed of lentils and pimento. The lamb was tasty with that hint of blackened crispness about the edges that make any like dish a favorite for group. Even the lentils on which it rested was a good accompaniment. Our empanadas gave of more of the same. They were seasoned favorably but not too spicy. We thought it all was decent-to-good, but I think our palates wanted something more complex.

After a couple of dishes more (baked tetilla and stuffed mushrooms) we realized that the food was all about the same level of quality, and in all likelihood would be much the same. The waitress then approaches our table (one of the smallest groups there) and informs us this would be the last call to order food as they were trying to close early. This was between 9:20-9:30pm. Having arrived a little more than an hour before closing we figured it would not be a long night, but to have someone say that to us seemed a little out of place. That was okay but when the waitress/staff lost track of what we ordered it was disappointing. In what I guess was a push to end their work day, our bacon-wrapped dates and sliders get to our table warm at best. The fried onions on that were served with our sliders were definitely not fresh out of the fryer and the burgers themselves were just "okay."

Perhaps we arrived too late, but the people around us certainly didn't seem concerned with when the establishment would be closing. The experience was a sort of, "Hey, is it just me or....?" sort of moment, personally. The food was good enough for me to return during busier hours under much different circumstances, however, it would be less than genuine to call it a wonderful evening.
I'd give Firefly an extra star for the food but took one away for the service, which was mediocre at best. We arrived rather late, and upon seeing that the restaurant was not crowded, expected good service. Instead, we waited for more than 10 minutes to be greeted at our table. I asked 2 busboys about our server and they insisted that he would arrive, but we still waited. My husband and I almost walked out when our server finally arrived. Frankly, the service was very slow. We ordered sangria, which was delicious. For our tapas, we ordered the bacon-wrapped dates (delicious), Diablo shrimp (spicy and terrific), mini filet mignon, lamb chops, and vegetable empanadas. The food was rich and delicious.  I highly recommend everything we ordered, with the exception of the empanadas, which were bland and unexceptional. I'd definitely go back, but don't know if I'd want to deal with the poor service again.
Still have yet to find a bad thing on the menu. 
Love the tapas concept. 
Love sharing food.
Love their sangria!

If you are still a bit skeptical about trying Firefly, live a little dangerously, you will not be disappointed!

For added enjoyment, check out their weekend brunch! 
Everything we tried was a little taste of heaven.
My fiancé and I have been coming to this location since its opening. We come here at least once a week, if not more. The service is always top notch. The menu is great. Endless choices from vegetarian dishes, such as the veggie empanada and artichoke toasts, to dishes to satisfy the meat lovers, such as the spicy beef salad (which happens to be my favorite). It's nice to go somewhere where everybody knows your name, and treats you like family. The drink menu is also in a league of its own. If you like mojitos, this is the place to be. They also have brunch on Saturday and Sunday mornings, from 10 to 2, offering an all you can drink menu for $20. Food items which include but are not limited to, consist of veggie  benedict, house made chorizo, lemon ricotta pancakes (the bomb), fresh fruit, carne asada breakfast tacos, and pumpkin beignets, with cinnamon sugar and hot chocolate sauce. If you haven't tried it, this place is a must.
Yummy. Great selections. Great Food. Great Service.
Have been there a couple times and love it!  The food is delicious, but tonight our service was terrible.  We had one appetizer and left.  Really bummed because it was my Birthday :-(
Went back tonight and gave them another try and the service was outstanding as it had been in the past.  Carlos was our server and he was excellent.  The food is amazing, we tried completely different items this time.  One of our favorites was the Tuna Tartare.
I love the anthem location the best.   There is always a spot at the bar for me and my girlfriend to relax after a long day at work and Jaime is the best bartender around.  We are both in the service industry so we are very critical. He remembers our names and favorite drinks. He makes the best pear martini of all fireflys around.  We never have to wait for a thing.  I suggest siting with him if you have the chance.  The food here is always prompt and delicious.  This locations needs to get the attention it  deserves
I've eaten at this location at least five times. The one common factor each time is slow service. They are giving the servers too many tables at once. They have great white or red sangria that is amazing. Order a pitcher. Stuffed dates can't be missed. A menu that has enough items on it for even the pickiest of eaters. I tend to skip the seafood items since they rarely taste fresh.
I am writing this review as a regular patron of this Firefly...moreso, for the management (and as an explanation...my interpretation...of the "service negatives" for those who want to try this Firefly). First...and, to me, most importantly, the kitchen turns out outstanding food, truly outstanding. This firefly, gets 6 stars for the food (and if you read the vast majority of recent reviews, most would agree). The people that work here truly try to deliver...and, yes, Carlos (mentioned in one recent review is sensational). The owners recently had a huge setback on their Strip location, it hurt the business in all locations, and they had to cutback staff....unfortunately, the old adage, "it takes money to make money" was disregarded and because of that, they are still having a lot of trouble estimating the number of covers here...both at lunch and later...which, therefore, affects the service...both from the back as well as the front of the house. This is a really terrible location for a business; but the brand is solid and the product is outstanding...Hopefully, the owners will re-invest and "gamble a little" by adding to staff to improve the service; and hopefully, this location will soon be as jammed as it was when it first opened. HINT: Give them a try for Happy Hour at 3pm, when the bar is mostly half-priced and the service is always quick.
it was pretty good
O-M-G, simply amazing!
My husband and I finally tried Firely (in Henderson) for the first time.  We arrived approximately 7:00PM on a Friday night.  The parking lot and street within walking distance were packed, we had to circle twice to find a spot to park (Good sign, no one wants to eat at an empty restaurant).  We waited less than 10 minutes to be seated.   Dining room is much smaller than expected.  Music from the bar carries over to dining room and chatter noise level is pretty high.  If you're looking for a quiet, romantic dinner, this isn't your place....if you're looking for fantastic food and an energetic yet somehow relaxed  atmosphere....this is it!
The food is excellent and priced right.  We ordered muscles, petite filet, beef skewers and clams.   Each dish was excellent.  The muscles were out of this world.  We can hardly wait to return to our New favorite restaurant.
LOVE the vibe, LOVE the food, LOVE the live band.

Wonderful tapas. 

CAMARONES A LA DIABLA was amazing. We dipped the bread, empanadas, stuffed mushrooms, and the silverware in this sauce. We just couldnt get enough of the sauce. 

All the other tapas, were good, just not as good as the CAMARONES A LA DIABLA.

There are also wines in everyone's price range.
Outstanding food, awesome vibe, yummy mojitos, and fast, friendly service.  We just about tried everything on the menu and every single dish was delectable... except for the tres leches cake we had for dessert. The cake was mushy, runny?,  somewhat of an interesting texture but one that I did not appreciate. 

 I love tapas style restaurants and this was one of the better ones I have been to.
The food at Firefly is so good ,I eat there twice a month.If I could I would eat there everyday of the week.I just love their food ! It's terrible about the food poisoning  at the Paradise location but now it's the safest place to eat and it's worth giving it another try.I live in Anthem and I visit the location on Eastern Avenue.I love the spinach salad,the croquettes  and the sliders,they are my favorites so far plus the shrimp dish,so good!! I hope they make it because its a great place to enjoy a lovely meal with friends or just by yourself!
Looking for something off the Vegas strip that is still fun and tasty?  Firefly is a pretty nice stop worth coming by if you have a car.  

Firefly is located on the second floor of a small plaza.  We made a reservation on a Friday for a party of 5-6 around 8:30PM without too much trouble the morning of.  We did get a note that it would be tough to make reservations later on at night as it became more popular.  

The decor is red and a little darker - definitely giving it a more intimate feel.  On the right side of the restaurant is the bar area and seemed much more relaxed than the left side which was a bit more open and had a small area for the band.  On certain days (again, we came on a Friday), there was a live band playing salsa/bossa nova music and even two dancers that really made the area fun to be around and they were fairly responsive to the crowd.  Great touch.  

One thing you have to get when you come here is the sangria which supposedly is set for a few days before serving.  It's fruity in flavor yet is not overly sweet overbearing.  It's one of the better sangrias I've had in the world and definitely worth a pitcher.  The tapas themselves are also pretty good.  The bacon-covered dates were not too shabby with the sauce taking the limelight.  I also had the spicy beef salad which came with slices of filet mignon and was surprisingly actually spicy.  The included bread also was good and came with an aioli type sauce.  Costs range from $5-15 and are mostly tapas style dishes although there are a few bigger dishes like paella if you're interested.  We also had the tres leche chocolate cake which was interesting.  Although it wasn't exactly mouth-watering, the concept was interesting and made for a nice cleanse after a much more salty meal.  

One small unfortunate part of the experience was that the service was a little slow.  There was only one waiter on our side that probably didn't help the situation as the restaurant got more crowded.  There was a separate server for water though which was plentiful.  

One last little note is that Firefly is on the second floor of a building that is on a small hilly area, making for a nice view of a seemingly faraway strip in the background
As you drive up on the restaurant you can see the sign but when you pull into the parking lot, parking is limited. On the second floor, firefly had a small entrance that could be stuffy if they were extremely busy. We were sat right away but put at a wobbly table. We asked to move and got another bigger table right away! When the waiter greeted us he seemed extremely rushed but only half of the restaurant was filled. He took our order quickly as my girlfriend and I were already prepared. I personally had never been so I trusted her judgement. It's a tapas restaurant so we ordered 4. Dates, sliders, artichoke toast points and tomato salad. Before the tapas the served us this delicious bread. The tapas were unique and presented extremely well. The dishes were brought out one after another in no particular order. The service itself was acceptable. They worked as a team and satisfied our needs but the pace itself could have been a bit slower from the head waiter as to not feel rushed. All of the food was really good. After the tapas we had the lemon berry tart that came with a healthy serving of whipped cream! It was great. I can't wait to come just for that in the summer on the patio which has an amazing view of the strip. In conclusion I will be back to firefly again to try more tapas. The scallops are calling my name. The food makes this place a winner. Great for date night or a quick sophisticated bite.
just average i suppose.... service was definitely sub-par, i felt like the girl hadn't taken her anti-depressants for the day.
The food quality was great, portions good, price point decent, but it kinda kills the vibe when you server reminds you of snuffaluffagus. Also kills their tip.
Great ambience. Love the red walls and fake candle lit tables. The server (wish I remembered his name) was so great. He was warm and friendly. The server gave us tasters of the sangria which I ended up ordering two glasses. Yum. The food was above average. Overall this place was great and glad to find it. Seems like a fun place go come to for brunch with the girls and drink sangria.
The fly-tie cocktail is quite tasty!

SHINY! I thought this place was gonna be a fancible place to eat some foodstuffs, and I wasn't wrong. Capt'n Mal though, would have felt out of place.  It was not a place for Brown coats to unite. 

No, this establishment is a tapas bar and noshery. A place where the local color hangs out and the wait staff was attentive, but not overly so.  We did have to wait a mite over 7 minutes once seated for our busboy (not waiter) to come out and deliver water to us, and tell us our waiter was coming to take our order soon. 

You won't find any "tonic" here, but some very finely made cocktails, I had the Fly-tie and was quite happy with the libation, their dirty bloody mary met with approval too.  I enjoyed their vegi & pork empanadas, and while this is tapas, I did expect more than 2 on each plate, however they were quite delightful. However the best was yet to come:  The desert - Banana Nutella sandwiches were absolutely delicious  -- ORDER THESE.

Now for the reason this was not a 4 star review:
The place was dirty.  We were sat along the back wall, in one of the banquet seats with tables and chairs opposing.  There was foodstuff on the ground all around the table, in the seat next to mine. It was unappealing.  I get that Brunch on Sunday might be busy, but at 1:30 pm, your busser should have taken care of it. If not, don't sit a party amid this, when there's food that is languishing, being crushed into the concrete. It's kind of .. repulsive.   This was brought up to the manager -after the bill was paid. I was not looking for compensation.
I was shocked to see so many good reviews.  

Soooo disappointing.  Arrived on a Friday night a little before 9pm - it was so freaking loud.  We asked to sit on the restaurant side away from the band, but were told that we could not - they only had 1 server in this section - on a Friday night.  We were seated in the middle, the "lounge"  - I had to sit on a foot stool to eat my dinner - literally.  It was so uncomfortable.  I couldn't help but feel extremely rushed by our server. A guy in a suit - who I presume was a manager, seemed like a total douche.  One of the servers approached him with a problem and he said "How many times are you going to make this mistake, it happened the last time we worked together.  Jesus, are you kidding me?!"  Talk about embarrassing.

The food was ok - nothing that I was overly impressed with.  The "Albondigas" - were meatballs from the freezer and the cheese on top tasted old. The "Bravas" tasted like they might have been good around 6pm - but they sat in old grease for like 4 hours covered in paprika.   Maybe if they server would have waited to let us order more than 1 thing at a time instead of running away - we wouldn't have been there so long.  He came by and gave us "last call" sometime around 10:30.  I understand that their hours are posted until 10 - but there were so many people still in the restaurant - and the band was still playing.  I'm not sure how long it took to ask for the check and pay it, but it felt like an eternity.  I can't ever see myself going back
Service was great, nice variety and great food. We were there on Christmas Eve and we did get a table with a view. Bacon Wrapped Dates were awesome and the Filet was great. Pitchers of Sangria always a plus.
Love the food! but on a visit over the weekend... Service was the worse... 

Happy to hear they take reservations now.. wish I had known that, but thinking that it was first come, first serve like it has been there in the past we got there early, around 6pm. There was no one waiting and there were plenty of tables. 

We gave the hostess our name and she said it would be about a 20 to 25 minute wait. 
Within 10 minutes we saw a table being set with the number of guests in our part, .we thought wow, this is great. 

About 10 minutes later, a couple came in who had a reservation for 7 people and were seated at the table that we thought was going to be for us. We understand.. but what I didn't understand was how we continued to wait while the couple waited for the rest of their party to arrive. One person came 10 minutes, later, another couple 15 minutes. I know this because we ended up waiting 45 minutes for our table. 
By the time we were seated, their entire party was finally there. 

Worse part, a party of 10 that came in 20 minutes after us, were then seated next to us at the same time. 

Most restaurants will not seat unless the entire party is there. When they are, you can turn tables much quicker. Hopefully this will be a trait that Firefly picks up on soon.
I really enjoy this place! They have okay sangrias. Always order: chopped chicken salad, stuffed dates, tierra y mar skewers, and camarones a la diabla. If you are still hungry these were pretty good: plate of serrano ham and manchego cheese, firefly fries, stuffed peppers, grilled scallops, and camarones al ajillo. I didn't much enjoy these: ham and cheese croquetas, empanada, and most of the desserts were okay....
I must go back and try their paella and mojito!
Excellent tapas dishes.  I highly recommend this place.  This is the one I'll go whenever in town.  Watermelon mojitio is good.  I recommend the date dish even I don't like blue cheese. you can't taste the blue cheese which was good otherwise I wouldn't eat it.
Love this place.  I don't think I tried anything I didn't like.  My favorite were the bacon wrapped dates, yum!  Service was a tad spotty, some things came out quick, while others did not.  It can get a tad bit noisy, especially on a Friday or Saturday night.  I will definitely be back.
Don't try to go to Firefly after 9:30 at night - you'll get the bum rush.  Rush, rush, rush - get out the door we want to go home.
Horrible bartender.  Some Bridgette Nielson wannabe who spends her whole night peering into the mirror behind the bar rather than pay attention to or serve customers.  With only 7 people at the bar, "Bridgette"(aka Stephanie) took 5-10 minutes to refill empty drinks and never noticed on her own that people needed additional libations.  While the food was typical high quality Firefly fare, the horrible bartender Bridgette (Stephanie) has ensures this location will never get another penny from me or the 3 people I was with.
Bottomless drinks at brunch. That's all I really need to tell you. 
But forreal, the food here is delicious. The staff is awesome with making accommodations for any food needs you have (I don't eat meat or dairy) so our server took care of me and even made some great recommendations. He was also on top of keeping our drinks filled and was extremely attentive. I want to say his name was like Matt...in any case, all the staff there were top notch, at least in my opinion. Now if only I lived closer...
I know exactly which bartender John S is talking about, and honestly Stephanie has always been nothing but an exceptional bartender- attentive, sociable and efficient.  
I sit at the bar almost every time I come in, and enjoy that much more than the tables, actually.  The staff is chatty, friendly and always mindful of guests.  
Must haves:  Everything is great..but especially the Bacon wrapped dates, Apple and Manchego salad, and the Banana Nutella dessert. 

To that particular reviewer:  Spending the bulk of your review attacking a person's looks makes your point invalid and as useful as a c*ck flavored lollipop. Frankly, you shouldn't return- you can keep your pennies to yourself.
Great food. Everyone's nice. Service is fantastic. View from the patio is wicked awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Similar to all the other reviews, the tapas are delicious here and so is their sangria. Must try the bacon wrapped dates and sliders. I tried the chicken and mushroom paella for the first time and it was addicting. Ended up with so much paella left over with how huge the skillet is and it tasted great the next day. I used to come a lot more in the past but stopped after I heard about the food poisoning incident. I definitely have to say that since then, their service has gotten a lot better. No more juvenile people who could care less about being there. Even with only one server working my entire area of the restaurant on a Friday night, she remained attentive and fast on her feet. Everything was hot when it arrived and my water was constantly refilled. Definitely come by and give it a try if you're looking for delicious and reasonably priced tapas.
Wow. Terrible service last night.  We were seated at our table for 40 minutes without a single glass of water. We had finally gotten our drinks 30 minutes in. The two plates of bread they brought out for the table of 15 were long gone and we hadn't ordered any food yet so we asked for the manager.  His rude and defensive response has to be one of the worst I've ever witnessed.  My brother was so annoyed he asked the guy to walk away.  When the food arrived it was sub par.  It certainly wasn't as good as it used to be.  The Mac n cheese was dry and flavorless, our meatballs were bland, we got about half as many padron peppers as we used to.  My shrimp ceviche was served on a different plate then it used to be leaving my tortilla chips to sit in the juice and become soggy.  Thank goodness we had the best company and we were able to laugh and still enjoy the night.  I will not be back...ever
I really wanted to love this place. My husband and I have always talked about eating here... One night we decided to give it a shot. Our server was definitely not friendly to start... Passion fruit mojitos were super weak, pretty much ice water ...some of our dishes took 45 mins to the table.... Way longer than it should have, even for tapas. Best thing we ordered were the sliders... Empanadas were good as well. I would seriously advise against the baked cod.. Way over seasoned with chili flakes, perhaps to hide the unfreshness of the fish, yucky. Over all it wasn't worth the $75 spent...and we won't be back.
Waited 2 hrs tonight 2/21/14 before we're told we were next for a table. There was 2 Michelle's on the list and we came in at 7pm an hour ahead of the other Michelle. We saw the hostess seated people that came in later after us. Hostess was arrogant and insisted we're not ahead of those people. She showed in the computer we came in at 7:55 but we definitely sure we came in at 7pm. It was our first time here and we came to celebrate my birthday! We were so disappointed we just walk out!
The food was very delicious but we had  the brunch menu I believe the on the branch  menu the Firefly egg benadict was probably the tastiest of all the dishes the all you can drink for $20 I recommend you wait on that due to the fact that there very slow in getting you a drink I make better sangria the Firefly fish sticks were tasty all in all we would come back   you get full quickly on very small plates
I love this place. I would give it 5 stars, but feel the big bar area is a little sterile. The view and the food make up for this. So its a minor observation...

I come here 4 times a year as my family lives down the street in Horizon Ridge. I like the Paradise location too (more atmospheric)...

The Menu is big filled with tapas and a few entrées. Great prices too. Great Red Sangria.

Tapas are all a good size so you can get about three per person and share. You will all be satisfied.

The stuffed dates with machengo cheese are always one of the firsts. 
Any of the skewers are awesome, especially the filet. Tender and juicy.
Warm Spinach salad-yum.
I had a pepper an sausage Spanish dish (can't remember name-but exceptional!)
Pitchers of Sangria on Happy hour are awesome-strong and cheap!
The Italian Beef mini sandwiches were right outta Chicago. Garlic and drippings soaked bread-tender beef and hot giardinare-mouth happiness.

I like this place because we have always had good food, great drinks and stellar service. I like that its near home too. Makes me happy thinking about it! If you are in the area-have some apps for me! 

Can't wait for May-my next trip out and Firefly is on tap!
I love this place, the food and the service is fantastic.
Our food was really good and the food runners were on the ball when bringing out the plates and keeping our table clean.  My only complaint is our waitress Ana was horrible, checked on our table once and told us red wine is supposed to be chilled. I would still come back though!!
Great service, staff was friendly, the food was delivered in a timely manner. I ordered the firefly fries which were ok. The ceviche was perfectly Devine. I would order that again!! I ordered the ham & cheese croquette. I also enjoyed the complimentary bread which the apple butter in the beginning. I will definitely come again:-)
I went today after months sinceI usually go to the other location and the restaurant was almost empty. Regardless to that, the service was slow and the food terrible. I had to ask then to recook my mussels since they have no flavor even after putting a bunch of salt. The replacement was pretty much the same, way too salty so I'm positive I got the same thing back, just with even more salt! The pulpo asado was also tasteless and the wrapped dates were barely wrapped in bacon, and burnt...so sad, I used to love this place but I won't be coming again for sure.
Today Sunday March 30, 2014 just came from Firefly S.Eastern location in Las Vegas. Here and order from the breakfast menu.....what I found and got
Wet table, dirty chairs and floor you can actually see the food under the table.
Asked for a Café Latte, was asked if I wanted milk ??????Hellooo
Asked for a glass of water, could not drink out the glass Dirteyyyyyy
Order Bacon, got burned strips wll behond well done (I did not asked)
Paid the bill and after 45 minutes of done eating had to asked the server to please clean the table. The staff is very young with no experience nor training in the restaurant industry.   Never again.....
Bacon wrapped dates are to diiiiie. The bread and butter is heaven. If it's a nice day, sit outside on the balcony. The view is spectacular.
Omg this place was freaking awesome and the bar tender was freaking awesome. The tapas are amazing and the atmosphere was so great!! I will definitely be back because I loved it so much! Service was great and the drinks were bananas!!!!
Great location overlooking Henderson, I enjoyed the cozy and intimate space. Definitely a great place to go on a date. This was my second time here, the service was wonderful. Ordered a variety of dishes from the last time and I highly recommend the stuffed dates and steamed mussels. Both dishes were flavorful. Finished it off with chocolate tres leches for dessert which was just okay. Nothing great about it..
With a party of 6 we ordered 9 or 10 things. Nothing was amazing or even memorable, and some were kinda on the gross side. I'm not picky and totally like new things, but this place was a let down in my opinion. Might give them another shot in like a years time, but I'm not entirely sure time will change their menu so - I don't know. Service was OK. And they sure do have a nice sign.
It's kind of sad that each of Firefly's locations have had issues with the health department and shut down at some point..it definitely tells you something about the company itself and the way they run their business. 
Although I've enjoyed many times at each of the locations in the past with their yummy sangria and unique tapas, I'm honestly surprised that they still manage to get good business in the locations that remain open, or that they reopened for that matter..
I give two stars based on some good past experiences but I'll be weary to ever return again.
Long story short. This restaurant is hopeless. My girlfriend and I checked this place out after buying an itison voucher. Unlimited tapas sounded fun and I was hopeful we'd be treated tasty food. 

There's no menu because the restaurant claims that they change the menu based on local and season produce. My palette says frozen food defrosted in a microwave. The no menu thing is to hide the fact they're not serving anything fresh and saves them making a decent menu. 
Instead of tasty tapas we were served lukewarm (at best!!!) food that'd been microwaved or just taken out of a packet from morrisons. The wine selection was limited, craftily missing out the cheaper wines leaving you with a choice of £19 a bottle or more. 

Service was average, one of the waiters didn't explain what any of the dishes were when he brought them to the table

Do not go here, even if someone else foots the bill.
The restaurant is fairly new and located in the ground floor of a old Bond Warehouse just off Constitution Street.  They have made use of the double height ceilings and put in a mezzanine level, creating a small area ideal for large groups of people and providing more table space.  We received a warm welcome and were seated at our table near the large arched windows.  The interior is clean, simple and especially liked the candles in red coloured glasses dotted up the stairs.  Giving to space an almost zen-like feeling.

All the staff were authentic Spaniards which felt reassuring.  I love tapas and so this restaurant did not let me down.  The menu is broken down into 3 sections, 'From the orchard', 'from the sea' and 'from the farm'.  We ordered 6 tapas between the two of us, wondering if it would be enough? Thankfully it was plenty, the dishes were small but tasty.  Do try the pork and mushroom cream sauce and Monkfish, prawn and squid in tomato sauce.  First time I've eaten squid that isn't rubbery, it just dissolved in the mouth, lovely!
Just had a super lunch at Hernandez & Co, although not strictly an eat-in establishment there are a few counter stools where you can quite comfortably settle-in. 
On offer are a wonderful range of sandwiches and rolls filled with quality Spanish ingredients, omelettes, peppers, Manchego cheese, Serrano ham, olives, tuna etc - it was REALLY difficult to choose, no matter, gives me a good excuse to go back! 
The chorizo and black pudding soup was fabulous and they make a mean Machiato. 
Price-wise it hits the spot too - soup from £1.50, my baguette (packed with anchovies, Manchego, Serrano ham & tomatoes) was £3.00c and the coffee £1.30
REEEEEAAAAALLY nice coffee! I was here the other week and just found my drafted review waiting for me. Well so whats up here? Spanish place, Spaniards knows how to make coffee and Hernandez one of them. Spanish deli on sandwiches is always a hit for a party in my mouth. Yep, a back goer indeed!
I'm a LITTLE bit of a Spanglophile... let's just say that first. 

Unsurprisingly, I love the shit out of this place. 
But wait, the coffee is under £2, so there's that. 

They have Spanish tortilla sandwiches and MANCHEGO to die for. They have stuffed olives with anchovies and then... as you know from my reviews I am a hater on Edinburgh for the LACK OF SALADS. 

Here, they have the all amazing and life sustainingly effing wonderful - ensaladas... which and I can tell you from experience... ain't so findable in Espana. The salads are so perfectly veggie filled and meat/fish/cheese/egg filled that you are left feeling like you can eat an entire Dairy Milk Oreo bar.
The pork and chicken tamales are delicious and their green salsa is to die for! My friend said, "these are the best tamales I have had in Vegas" and I agree. However, I have given this new restaurant three stars because the tamale size is disappointing. One tamale was about half the size of what I was used to! My friend said, "they look like fat taquitos."

I would love to revisit this restaurant once they figure out the portioning issues... Until then, my search for the perfect tamale continues!
Grand Opening was today, I've been waiting for this day since I got to Vegas!

We ordered the "Dozen Tamales" for $16.99. Came out to about $4.50 for 3 tamales. If you don't buy in bulk it's around $2.50-3 per tamale. The lady charged us for the price of chicken instead of beef ($19.99) because they ran out. 

So, the tamales... Honestly. I've had much better. They were decent, but the filling was too plain and bland in my opinion. Basically just meat in the center. And the size was way disappointing! At most 4 bites. Beef was better than chicken but still just satisfactory. It was a good fix after not having tamales for a long time but I wouldn't come here regularly. 

I'll come back when the portions match the prices!

Also, there are only 3 chairs in the place. To-go only.
The tamales are delicious and perfectly seasoned. The owner was the person who greeted me on this visit. She was really sweet and offered samples of the tamales she makes from scratch, a family recipe handed down 4 generations.  I ended up getting an order of beef and chicken tamales. Also the owner threw in some bean tamales for us to try.  The order packaged in foil and came with two little cups of green salsa in the bag. When I got home it was still steamy hot when I unwrapped the corn husk. The beef tamales are the ones to go for. Chicken ones were good but just a tad dry and not as flavorful to my taste buds. Then again I'm not a big fan of white meat anyways.
  
This place is strictly a take-out joint. There is no seating or dining area available. That's a drawback for me since I like dining out. Their menu does indicate they do deliver, so plus points for tamales home delivery! And as other reviews indicated the tamales are small. I don't know how it would go over with people who have bigger appetites than I do especially if you are planning to have it as a meal. The portion sizes do make perfect appetizers or a satifsying light snack though.  Price point wise it is affordable, under 10 bucks, but Mr. B commented and I agree that the fast food Mexi places in the area are cheaper and you get more (portion wise) for your money.
 
Despite those minor issues, I would keep this place in mind. These tamales are good. I take meals made in house/made from scratch over the frozen processed fast food places any day.  Don't let the star rating deter you away from here. More power to young women like this owner who have the cajones to open a small business in this tough economy.
The owner is the sweetest lady!! And for the tamales, they are very good! yes, they are small FOR NOW, but she did explain that she is fixing the issue of the size!! I only tried the beef so far but my boyfriend has had both chicken and beef and he has been to tamale hut literally 3 times since they opened 4 days ago!! The customer service is uhhhhhmazing and we will DEFINITELY continue to go :)
Been waiting for this place to open since I saw the sign go up a few weeks ago.  They sure delivered.  The tamales are awesome!  Ordered the dozen, and not only did the owner throw in some bean tamales to sample, but she added more meat tamales of my choice because she's been getting slack on yelp.  Totally unnecessary, but much appreciated.

I loved the beef tamales, while the wife preferred the chicken.  The salsa is tasty with a pretty good kick.  And the beans, don't forget the beans, pure awesome!

We'll definitely be coming back.  The owner is an absolute sweetheart, and the customer service is top notch.
Recently moved to Henderson and drive by this place everyday. Finally stopped in and was definitely not disappointed. Tried the chicken and the pork and the owner threw in two free bean tamales which was really cool. The pork was excellent and so was the chicken. The owner was talking to someone on the phone about the portion size and even before I knew what she was talking about she said she was going to throw in an extra pork tamale until she gets the sizes corrected. I got the vibe that she really cared and I appreciate that sort of thing. The green sauce was bomb. It was pretty spicy and I can see that will bring complaints in the future but please don't change it. The dining area and kitchen both looked impeccably clean as well. The staff was pleasant but the owner was truly a sweetheart. Hope this place makes it. Will definitely be coming back.
Went there tonight right before they close. The owner and her staff are so nice and the family recipe of tamales are so good and being from Hispanic decent its hard to find authentic mexican food and the flan is amazing too. The rice and beans are really good as well. I would really want to see what else the can make from scratch though like a soup or another dish. It's a must try!
The owner was really nice. But for this price I felt like I was getting robbed with out a gun. Much rather  get a pizza. Also the masa was very dry something they must fix.
Update! Wow, impressed with the improvements made from the time they opened since last month.  

The tamales they serve up here have increased portion wise. Good standard size with a nice amount of filling. Now these can really qualify for a satisfying meal especially when you order the lunch/dinner special that comes with rice and beans which is sooo good too.  The tamales are just as delicious the first time I tried it with the masa ..moist and flavorful throughout and prices are still the same.
 
They also were able to work in a little seating area against the wall. So now you can dine here. Perfect for those who want to have a quick lunch. There's also a small bistro table out in front too. 

Oh they also have cold case display with their desserts. Today was flan! Don't leave the place without buying one! Rich and creamy goodness.

It was already a near five with the delish food, but I held back because of the minor issues. Bumped up stars because  I'm impressed the owner was able to address the feedback (although some I read on here are was a bit crass and not justified)  and make the few changes. Shows she cares about her customers.
A little more money than I expected but I loved the rice and beans which I usually don't enjoy so I guess it's a better value than a Mexican restaurant that I toss those items out. The tamales were flavorful, moist, and the hot sauce was delicious. I'll definitely be back. No seating is the only complaint.
We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and ordered 
1. 1 dozen tamales (half chicken and pork), 16.99
2. 2 Beef tamales with rice and iced tea, 9.49
3. free cookie with yelp check-in
for $7 (Used $10 LivingSocial deal valued for $20)

- Great taste! Just like abuelita. haha. But probably more meat and less corn dough.
- I recommend the beef over the chicken and pork. 
- Great service! We asked for no beans, all rice only, and when we got our lunch special they put beans! haha. It was okay though, because they ended up making the lunch special again with the 2 tamales and rice! We scored 2 extra tamales for a mix up in order! nice. 
- Cookie is a bit doughy, but no real complaints. Nice dessert after the meal. 
- We asked if we can get uncooked tamales and just store them in the freezer since a dozen is a lot, but they couldn't do that for us. 
- Not much seating. When they said hut, I think that's what was implied. Table a bit high for chairs. 
- If you think about it, WinCo sells 10 beef tamales for $9. If you have the LivingSocial deal, 12 beef tamales are 20, but actually 10, so it's way better and cheaper to get them here!
The tamales are good. We tried spicy pork green chile, green chile & cheese, beef, and spinach. Spinach was the worst - hardly any filling. Spicy pork is seriously spicy. Beef was the best flavor and most generous with the filling.

Apparently the sizes have increased, but they're still pretty small - about half the size of the tamales I can get from my friends' nanas around Christmas!

Prices are a little high (~$2.50/tamale, no sides or drink included), but pretty good if you have a groupon.

There is a small counter with 3 stools inside the restaurant, so it's definitely a takeout type of place.
This small restaurant specializes in tamales with several varieties available off both the written menu and hand written specials board.  It is primarily a takeout restaurant though there are a few seats available at a counter with less than stable stools and a couple of tables outside on the patio.  We ordered a Mexican Coca Cola and 4 tamales:  (2) green chili with chicken, (1) green chili with cheese and (1) chicken.  These were all pretty good though we felt the masa harina dough was a little heavier than we have experienced on trips to Texas.
Excellent tamales, flavors galore. So many specialty options, there's something for everyone. The jabanero salsa is very spicy for those who like it hot. Red sauce and tomatillo sauce are also made in house. All meat fillings are house ground meats. The ratio of masa to filling is just right. And the consistency of the masa is firm but moist -- not overly mushy like some tamales. 

For those who complain about the size of the tamales, note that more masa in itself does not make a better tamale!  These tamales are about the length of an adult hand, and about 2" in diameter. The prices are so good, you can totally stuff your belly with the 4 tamale combo for about $7. 

If they would put in a few tables, and replace the outdoor ones with some reasonable size chairs, I would give 5 stars.

Oh, and I forgot to mention that I have Celiac Disease. Having a restaurant where nearly everything in the place is naturally gluten free is a Godsend!  Thank you, Tamale Hut!
I was really excited about this place, because I love Tamales! However, I did not love these Tamales! They are flavorless, and bland as can be...zero flavor!!!! Texture is a little weird too, over steamed or something, not sure what the deal is. Customer service is great though.
Having been away from Los Angeles the past year, I have been craving some nice pork tamales, so I have this place a try, 1) super fast service, 2) it's made fresh right in front of you and 3) it's right off the freeway exit, the tamales were really good but the only reason I'm taking a star away is that the per portions for the price were way off, each tamale was half the size of the ones I'm used to in LA and same price, the rather need to charge less per or double the size and then they will deserve that fifth star, until I find another tamale spot, I shall be back
I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit of a tamale snob. I find it very hard to find a really good tamale and I have to say I still haven't been able to find a great place in town to get my tamale fix. 

I saw the Living Social for this spot and just had to give them a chance since tamales are some of my favorite foods. We dropped by while we were in the area since I knew my deal was about to expire soon. I decided to get a dozen to go. They are $16.99 for a dozen pork, $19.99 for a dozen beef and since I was interested in trying quite a few flavors they quoted me $26.99. Seemed a little pricy, but I still gave them a shot. 

The tamales were wrapped and traveled well, but when we got to our final destination I was sad to see how puny they were, strike one. My favorite tamale place in LA sells them for a lot cheaper and they are nearly triple the size. I decided to look beyond size and hope for the best in the taste department. Well, they lacked a bit there as well. The spices were good, but the filling was severely lacking, strike two. Mostly masa and just a little bit of stuffing. The flavors weren't particularly distinct ether, strike three. I tried a few of pretty much every flavor that offered and I couldn't really decipher what was what despite them labeling them well. The meats were dry, the cheeses weren't gooey and the masa was much more grainy than I like. We also tried one of their dessert tamales for good measure. It was ok and had a nice subtle flavor, but didn't excite me too much. 

Maybe my expectations were just too high, but I was really looking forward to this trying the Tamale Hut and I was severely let down. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd probably give them a chance and order a lunch combination or maybe an individual tamale just to give them another chance, but I don't see myself going out of my way to go back.
I had a Living Social voucher which expired on the 24th. Since I live in the other side of town, I made a trip over there on the 23rd to use my voucher only to find out that they were closed until the 25th(interesting). I contacted Living Social and was told that they would accept the voucher. I made another trip across town today to try and redeem my voucher to be told it would only be valid for the purchase price. I was also told that I had 3 months to use the voucher. When I explained that I live on the other side of town, I was told 'Well then you shouldn't have bought the voucher.' If this is how they treat potential customers, it's an extremely poor way to do business
Muy bueno!
The pineapple tamale was surprisingly good. I also tried the pork, chili and spinach/chicken. 
Good flavors, tasty fillings but not enough sauce. I should have asked for more!
There really isn't seating inside, so be warned that you will be taking out your food. This isn't a great location either, it's awkward to get into this strip mall. But I made it work and am glad I did!
They have a speciality tamale menu which isn't very prominent, they should feature this more!
The menu only has the regular tamale list, and the other list could be missed.
More like A-NOT ok! I 'm sorry to see another business has closed in this area and another persons dream crushed. The owner was so excited and proud of her product and new venture when she first took my order. I was impressed that this young lady was able to start a business in this tough economy. It was evident she poured her heart and soul into it.

When I did my initial review, it wasnt a glowing one. I came in the second time around,  the owner obviously knew who I was and she couldn't look me in the eye, she clearly was hurt. I kinda felt bad cause there were a lot of negative reviews. But the review I did was constructive criticism for the most part. Cant speak for the others. 

She did listen to her customers, I was pleasantly surprised with all the changes she made. I was happy to update my review to reflect the improvements.  But I guess you cant please everybody. I noticed a sign last week that advertised they sold tacos and made a mental note to swing by and give it a try. When I drove up  the lights were out and the place is closed for good. How sad. Now all I can picture was that hurt look she had. I never would wish that on anyone. My best wishes and good luck on your future ventures Angelica and your sweet abuela too.
Went here last November and was really suprised at quality of food , service was quick and server was very attentive even though we had kids on tow. Special offers on food at certain times of the day , never seems to be packed but does get busy before and after theatre events next door to Omni centre at the Playhouse. Kids are more than welcome as well which is good as it's a really nice place to take them for a meal.
Came here on a recommendation from a co-worker and since we are always on the hunt for a good hole in the wall we gave it a go.

First let me warn ya...this restaurant is in a not so good area and gave me the creeps even in plain daylight. 

Anyways, I ordered the chilaquiles which come with 2 eggs any style and beans.  They come in red or green sauce. The red sauce was supposedly mild and the green sauce was hot so I went with the red. One bite and quickly realized they were simply awful and still too spicy, so then tried the eggs which I ordered over easy, and got rubber instead, so I quickly moved on and tried the beans and they were okay except they used the most smelliest cheese topper which made them uneatable. (this quickly felt like the story of Goldilocks and the three bears) Luckily my husband ordered birria de chivo (goat) which was some of the best I have had in Vegas, and best of all he was willing to share. It also came with plenty of fresh made corn tortillas. 

Not sure I'd come back even for the birria since the location is just simply not the safest looking place.  Also don't expect friendly service. .I am sure we can find better.
Ever since Birrieria Jalisco in the Commerce Center closed its doors a few years back, I've been searching for a spot that serves up a good Birria. A co-worker tipped me off about a little spot on the corner of Owens and Lamb that serves up some tasty goat, and when he made the motions and explained that fresh tortillas are served as well, I knew I had to check it out.

Anyone who knows me, knows that distance and location is not a concern to me, as long as there is good food to seek out, I'm there. Antojitos Estillo Michoacán Serves up Birria de Chivo(Goat) which is a specialty , and also Birria de Res(Beef). You may also choose to have your Birria dry, like a stew, or in a nice flavorful broth, and if you order the goat version, you can have it with just goat meat, or mixed with goat meat and other tasty goat parts....:9 

Chips, salsa, and a bean dip are given to you as you are seated...Chips were meh, but the tasty salsa and bean dip kinda made up for it                                                  

Of course, I went with traditional, and went all-in and got it mixed as well. Wifey wanted to try their Chilaquiles which was pretty disappointing(read her review), just as bad as the Chilaquiles at DW Bistro. The Birra was very tasty, the goat meat and other parts were soft and tender, the onions, lime, and salsas added to this dish, and add fresh tortillas to that? Simply a dish that I'd order again. Hopefully we're brave enough to drive out here when another craving hits, or find a safer looking location that serves up this tasty delicacy....ALOHA!!!!
My hubby being from Michoacan Mex. wanted to have authentic Michoacano food. When we arrived to the restaurant the location seemed a little sketchy. Surprisingly when we were inside we were a little relieved to find it a nice clean place. The waitress that greeted us was very inviting. They served salsa and refried beans and freshly made tortilla chips as an appetizer while you wait for your order. We asked for refills on the dips and chips because they were deelish!! The salsa was particularly my favorite so much that I ordered a container to go. 

I ordered the enchiladas with the carne cecina (its like beef jerky but more delicious) which I enjoyed every bite of. Hubby ordered the morisqueta (rice with pork meat in a chile sauce). And together we ordered a side of chicken tacos dorados (fried chicken tacos). We shared everything we ordered. I personally enjoyed the entire meal but my husband who really knows what food from Michoacan should taste like thought it was a little too bland for what he is used to & does not care to return to this place except for an order of cecina meat, the only thing he enjoyed. I, on the other hand often find my self craving the enchiladas and the free salsa & bean dips and chips.
what can i say!!!!!?  best place ever,dancing, dinning,singing lot of fun!!  mexican food deliciosa,pupusas riquisimas ,very nice servers!!  thursday to sunday karaoke nites!!!  and dancing!!! live dj's etc...
talk about being disappointed, every time i go to vegas i stop by another central american restaurant, i won't even say which one it was for the sake of this review. when i reached said restaurant it was closed for renovations and recommended  la casona bar and grill. excited to try a new place we got in the car and headed here, big mistake. the food is terrible starting with the chips and salsa that they bring out i was surprised they would serve stale chips like that. i also ordered a baliada and a traditinal plate. the baliada was hands down the worst one I've had in my life and thats not me being dramatic, stale tortilla and the filling was not good at all. the traditional plate was ok but i have NEVER been to a central american place that served store bought flour tortillas, the side of "fried cheese" was un edible. wish i would have just gone to in and out and had a burger before heading back to LA.
Food is ok, good popusas. Other then that , service is terrible. Being the only table there I figured we would get our order in no time. Nope took 40min! To get 4 popusas out. My order of bacon wrapped shrimp was a disappointment as the bacon was extremely under cooked.. If you see this place just keep driving.
This is a branded as Central American restaurant, and not even a good one at that. If you are looking for a Mexican Restaurant and come here, you will not leave happy.

I have visited a few Central American countries, but lived in Honduras. So with my Honduran adapted taste buds, I was not impressed. Perhaps it is more Nicaraguan? I couldn't figure it out, the menu is sectioned out by country, with a bit of overlap. Best advise? If you are looking for pupusas, head to an El Salvadoran restaurant. Baleada? Head to a Honduran- and so on. This might be your restaurant if you are looking for Nicaraguan food, but I am not 100% on that.
Latin Nights! Dance Merengue, Salsa, Bachata and much more. Mixes by DJ Willy. Thursday thru Monday, doors open 8pm to 4am, 21 and over  No Cover.
Here with this place you get a 3-for-1 kind of venue which consists of a restaurant and karaoke on one side and a nightclub on the opposite side. The nightclub has a fully stocked bar so have at it. 
If you're in the mood for hookah, well you can get one here for around $25. You're feeling hungry? Go ahead place your order.
Now, the nightclub really gets going around midnight and it's very much happening. I've gone only on nights when the nightclub is open and had a blast. Inside you'll see couples, some cougars on the prowl and your young chica hottie that belongs in a centerfold of a magazine.
No, it's not a fancy club like the megaclubs you'll find on the Strip with all the extra bells and whistles. It's just a cool local latin hangout to kick it for a few hours.

There are two DJs and they take turns back and forth playing different types of Latin music to appease the taste of everyone in the crowd (salsa,merengue,bachata,raggeton) It has a small dance floor with tables surrounding it but don't be fooled, there is enough space to dance. The DJs are pretty cool, they keep the party going till 5am.

The whole staff from the bartenders to the waitresses and bouncers hold their own. Professional and quick to the draw especially the bouncers standing outside, don't expect to wait in line to get in, none of that pretentious attitude here. You get to the entrance, they pad you down and in you go. Best of all, admission is free. Once inside, you can come in and out of the club to have a smoke or catch a breather from all the craziness happening inside.

Check out the karaoke if you feel like letting out your inner Pop Star then later hit the dance floor. It's low key but would suggest guys wear a nice suit or a blazer, you never know if "Ms. Right Now" will be in attendance haha. 
So yes, I highly recommend this latin joint. It's fun!
--------------------------------------------------------
Unable to get a table on nights that fights are shown.  We specifically went to this restaurant to be able to eat a nice dinner and watch the fight.   Received absolutely NO service OR a table.  Had to stand to watch the fight and left hungry.  Very disappointed.
First off I must mention that I'm beyond excited for this concept! Payton Curry is in da haus with some fantastic ceviche options! Wardy is stepping up his food game and rocking out some amazing things from the kitchen! Oh and for all you gluten free peeps out there, you'll be beyond thrilled with all the options you'll have with this amazing menu! Which by the way is all about LOCAL LOCAL LOCAL!! Almost everything that comes out of this kitchen is locally grown, hormone and preservative free and FRESH! They even have the fish flown in 6 days a week!

Lets start with appetizers... The chips are made in house daily, lightly salted and gluten free! The table side guacamole is super fresh and made to order. All three fundidos are amazing so don't forget to give those a try too! Both the Albondigas and the Tortilla soups are flavorful and heart warming. If your looking for a salad you've come to the right place! The shaved Kale salad is AMAZING!! (yes I am now a believer that kale can be amazing! PS. add chicken) The Haus Chopped has a creamy cilantro dressing that's drinkable it so good! (please don't drink the dressing that would be gross) The Jicama salad surprised me. It was super crisp and refreshing! (make sure to add tuna or shrimp)  

I tried all the empanadas and they all were fantastic... or what the tacotarians call "pillows of bliss". My favorite was the Carne Asada only because I loved the seasonings on the meat and how they compliment  the cilantro crema on the bottom of the plate... but seriously they are all awesome! 

$3 TACOS!!! OH yeahhhh! You can mix and match your own little taco stand to please your cravings!! Choose from: Fresh fried fish, mouth watering pork belly, in haus rotisserie chicken, marinated carne asada or local veggies! They all come served on their haus made gluten free tortillas! 

There's two options for how you'd like to go about the main entree portion of dinner. You can go ahead and order your own entree or theres also a section on their menu called "taquiza" and those are entree options for two to share! Both sections have amazing options like grilled tuna, scallops, beef or pork tenderloin, flank steak, you can even order a whole rotisserie chicken. (They have other options too, but these are a few of my favorites).

Now for my favorite part.... The ceviche!! I was nervous at first but I gave them all a shot and I'm so happy I did. The Halibut was by far my favorite. It melts in your mouth with its buttery taste and texture and kicks you at the end with a citrus note. The Ahi ceviche was my runner up, SUPER FRESH! I'm not a shrimp or scallop person but I went out on a limb and tried them both... The shrimp was light and refreshing and the scallops were herbal and buttery, to both I'd give a thumbs up! All ceviche is served in an avocado.

Desserts --THE TRES LECHES IS TO DIE FOR!!! The flan and homemade chocolate bar are also mouth watering! 

One tequila, two tequila, three tequila... more? Taco Haus has over 36 tequilas, 20+ beers (including big bombers!), an amazing wine list (+ sangria), Haus cocktails that will knock your socks off and duh! tons of awesome margaritas!!! Be sure to try the Vergara Margarita- which is Serrano infused,  soooo good!

Okay okay so the food and drinks are amazing but that's not it! Taco Haus has an awesome environment and a killer staff! And once again they support local business. They even had a local artist come in and paint the walls! All in all it really is comes down to... Tacos, Tequila, Ceviche, Cerveza... I'm sold.
When I am running around at 3:00 am with AK blazing and two 40s strapped to my head while I suck' em down, I think there is nothing better than tacos from a drive thru. Imagine my delight when I read about a new Taco place that has a carry out window!

THen imagine one of the best meals that you can have with the freshest ingredients put together by one of the most creative Chefs in the valley, Payton Curry. With Dave Andrea at his side, the concept reallyyy works. Peg and I went last night to the first official night of service. We tried several ceviches (scallop, shrimp, and ahi) and could literally taste each ingredient. The freshness was amazing. We had three tacos (pork belly, carne asada, and chicken) and I was thankfully not transported back to the bag o'tacos that I have had in the past.  Because I always look for what I call "cool and creamy" at the end of a meal with wonderful spices, we tried the Tres Leches cake that was made in house by Shantal. 

This is a definite must...and a very cool addition to your list of special places!
Came to check things out...pretty disappointing...had fish tacos and rice..fried fish was decent but the grilled was gross and the rice was awful..Service and decor were nice but way too expensive for what you get..my friend had a salad that he disliked. Hope they get things dialed in because the concept is good. The execution is not..
This latest attempt to open a trendy restaurant near Scottsdale Road and Shea appears to be an early failure; so disappointing because we need more quality eateries around here.
The pork belly taco was way too dry and quite cold by the time it arrived. The carne asada taco was the best thing I ate here, but it was mediocre compared more authentic Mexican fare (e.g. Habañeros). For non-authentic (gringo) tacos, the beef shoulder taco at Salty Sow is far superior.
The halibut ceviche was extremely bland, nearly awful, and at $12, a ripoff as well. There were only a very few pieces of inadequately marinated and under-seasoned halibut. I could taste the lime, but the dish lacked salt, cilantro and had virtually no chile flavor. I travel down the Baja coast regularly for work and I know what halibut ceviche can be, this place does not have it. The fish was borderline not-fresh (per my nose). The dish included an inordinate amount of vegetables, presumably to make up for the lack of halibut. The chef used (far too many) raw-ish kernels of yellow corn, which were extremely starchy (well out of season!) and made the whole dish very unpleasant to eat. I SO wanted to like the ceviche, but I simply could not finish it.
The best thing I tasted here were the home made corn tortillas that came with the tacos. I found them to be quite excellent.
All told, I spent $40 on dinner for one (including one draft beer which was not cold enough) and left hungry. This place just opened this week. Against my better judgement, I will give it one more try.
This place opened 1/21/14 been watching them construct the place, was excited to go there.........it SUCKS!!!! Fox10 news lied big when the had these people on to promote, they should be a shamed of them selves to tell people to go there  when they tasted the horrible food. All my dishes (which is a la cart) tasted like fish, inside smelled like fish. So I sat outside. I has a chicken taco, pork taco, both had no flavor and they give it to you in 1 tortilla.....hello street tacos come double stacked, had the Columbian rice, is was crunchy jasmine rice with lemon squeezed on top, the salsa was bad also had no flavor either. Nothing had flavor. My friend had the fish taco and said it was nasty. They give you a 40.oz empty bottle of beer filled with water (tap I'm sure). And the service sucked, waiter asked if we wanted our checks and forgot. The lunch crowd was gone. I had to get up and going inside and tell the guy "did you forget us". I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!! Lucky I gave them 1 star, guess I had 2 eat it, pissed I did and paid for it.
What a delightful new restaurant! I'm a sucker when it comes to tacos, or anything Mexican inspired for that matter and taco haus has all of this and more!
For starters, the decor is awesome. Unique, semi steam punk with great metal light fixtures, Edison bulbs only add to the glory, nice wooden tables and community style seating make it feel welcoming. Don't forget to check out the art piece on the bar wall, it's something I would kill to have in my living room. 
We thought the service was great, friendly and fast and everyone working was happy to please and full of smiles. 
Now the most important part and my favorite, the FOOD! The kale salad was fresh and delicious. I immediately felt healthier after enjoying this. The guacamole was perfectly flavorful on top of lightly salted, fresh tortilla chips. The empanadas (pillows of bliss as they call them) were heaven and I was happy to learn the dough is gluten free and made in haus. You can't go to a place called taco haus and not order at least one taco, that would be a tragedy! The tacos are "street size" which is perfect because then you can order a couple or one of each! My top picks were the carne, pork belly and chicken. We also indulged in some ceviche from the cevicheria. I'm typically skeptical when it comes to ordering seafood in the desert but let me tell you, this fish was fresh! I've never had better ahi and the halibut melted in your mouth. The flavors were phenomenal in both and I'm dying to go back and try the scallop ceviche. Everything tasted so fresh and like it was actually prepared to order not thrown in a science oven (microwave) and tossed on a plate. There was beauty from the quality of food to the presentation to the taste to the way you felt after eating it. Although Mexican is my favorite cuisine, I always feel full and heavy after eating it due to excess cheese, lard, sour cream, etc. At taco haus the food is flavorful and light. Don't forget about the sweet stuff! We took the tres leches cake home and it was literally gone in 15 seconds. I think I'm still upset that we didn't order two. 
The lesson I hope you will take from this lengthy review is to go to taco haus! Support a wonderful, local business that buys local, fresh ingredients. It makes such a huge difference in flavor and is more nutritious. Stop giving your hard earned money to corporate restaurants that open up frozen bags of over processed, high sodium, fat filled garbage. Enjoy food that is made from scratch, for you! 
Bon appetite.
Loved my Shaved Kale Salad w/ a light honey citrus vinaigrette. Didn't get a chance to try a Shake-a-Rita but I will be back for Gringo Hour or Taco Tuesday.  Going to being back my girlfriends to hang on the patio
Do NOT go here right now. 
I am sure this will be a great restaurant once they iron out all the kinks. We went last night with a party of 8, so yes it was a larger party, but 4 of the diners were kids eating off the kids' menu. Not too hard, right?!? We arrived at 6:05 at 7:22 we asked our server what was taking so long and if they could please just bring out the kids' cheese crisps. At 7:35 Two Adult entrees came out, and were cold. At that point we told our server the kids were "done" and we wanted to leave. He came back with the FULL check (even though we had still not received over half our food) luckily at this piont the manager had overheard our disappointment and told the server he would take care of it. Got home at 8:00 and instead of relaxing and enjoying the rest of our Friday night, I got to cook dinner for my family.
Loved the quaint feel of the restaurant, and hope they work out all their problems. This could be a great restaurant in the future.....just not right now. :(
The tacos were superb! The margarita was everything it should be. The flan and tres leches cake were unlike any I've tried, in the best way. The house-made chocolate bar was not too sweet, and flirted with salt and pomegranate. 

Tia, our server, was friendly and attentive. When the chips didn't come out to her satisfaction, she made sure to bring some that did. Many members of the staff, including the chefs, manager, and assisting service staff all came to ensure our meal was to our liking, and did so with a sincere effort that wasn't overbearing. Last, but not least, our water was refreshed until we left - a small, but important, detail that is usually overlooked. 

For a restaurant that has been officially open a few days, it has the feel of your favorite neighborhood hot spot that has been long-established. Chef Payton and Dave cultivate a work environment that is clearly enjoyed by all the staff.

Bottom line: fantastic food and drinks, served with genuine heart, at a great value... it doesn't get any simpler than that! Highly recommended!
Taco Haus service is terrible. While waiting to give our initial orders we had the same person come to our table twice with somebody else's food. we witnessed her actually drop off an appetizer  to the wrong  table, it was a group of people they each were  wondering who ordered it.

We were about to leave when we were finally asked  what we wanted. We LOVE brat haus so we figured it will be worth the wait.  
We ordered a cheese and chorizo dip with chips, we also asked  for a side of salsa

The rest of the order is 5 carne asada tacos, one fish taco,  one pork belly taco  and (I think) one chicken.
 
We also order two beers and a mixed drink I can't identify from  memory right now 

we are brought soup which nobody ordered. we told the lady this was not ours, then we are brought empenadas which we also didn't order we tell her this is not ours either. she takes it.. as if  its our fault we didn't order them. 

Then some of our drinks come. We get one of our beers and the mixed drink. The  second beer the guy says "oh we don't have that, I'm sorry I forgot we were out' 


Finally our tacos come with the substitute beer, and then our appetizer comes out slightly after.  Fine we ordered them at the same time no big deal..you'd think right?

The appetizer was supposed to be melted cheese and chorizo. Its stone cold to the point its hard. No chips would pierce this wall cheese. 

I'm feeling lucky for some reason so I ordered a second beer as the food was dropped off.

The  tacos were tasty,  They were good. there is no denying that. Smaller portions than I'd have liked but that's understandable for the price. 

The waiter comes back for that 'how's every thing tasting' check places do, usually it occurs right as you take the first bite of food.. no we had actually finished our tacos  and there were bits chip  sticking out of the concrete cheese.  I told him that was cold and bad  and I'd like the check. 

He comes back. gives us the check and  tries to give us three  free margaritas.  We decline pay and when he brings our card back.. the elusive second beer  shows up.  I assume the beer was locked in a deathmatch with the side of salsa  and only one could emerge to victorious.

Our original plan was to drink quite a few drinks, go see a movie and  then catch a ride home. We spent literally two and a half hours  and paid over $50 to end up buying more drinks at the nearby safeway.. and stopping at jack in the box for snacks and going home. 

This all could have been avoided if the staff knew what  they were doing. 

One other positive thing, the people walking around filling the water glasses were super attentive and and always there. Maybe they should be given some food to run out to tables as well.. 

Steer clear of taco haus, especially if you're a huge fan of brat  haus.. it makes it so much more heartbreaking.
I know going to a newly opened restaurant usually involves hiccups in food preparation and service but I was not prepared for a MASSIVE TRAIN WRECK. This restaurant is NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME.

I thought Taco Haus meant a place with lots of tacos but really they only offer five tacos, A Veggie, Chicken, Steak, Pork Belly, Fish either grilled or Fried. We ordered one of each  since they are small street tacos, a chicken mole empanada and street corn to share.

Our server said he'd bring us salsas and sauces and did come back with bottled sauces but no salsas.

First comes out our Chicken Mole Empanada. I liked the unique crispy shell of the empanada but I didn't recognize any sort of mole there anywhere. A white slightly herb-ed cream was under the Empanada and it was so mildly seasoned I couldn't tell what it was suppose to be but it was sort of tangy and I thought it might be tarter sauce. Whatever it was I didn't like it.

The Rotisserie Chicken Taco was MEMORABLE because it was the DRY-EST Chicken I ever had and was like SAW DUST in my mouth and also was next to tasteless.

The pork belly taco just seemed like it was deep fried and also lacked flavors.

Similar stories with the fried fish, veggie, steak tacos and street corn. EVERYTHING WAS UNDER SEASONED.

My grilled Fish taco was INEDIBLE. It was either spoiled or next to spoiled. It tasted like rotting fish. I did inform the waiter and he took it away and insisted on bringing me something else. I almost died. In my head I'm thinking I really don't want anything. Everything was terrible. My husband asks for a veggie taco to replace the fish. My waiter told me EVERYBODY WHO HAD THE GRILLED FISH SAID THEY DIDN'T LIKE IT.  If EVERYBODY doesn't like it something is wrong with it. (fish taco was removed from check and manager did apologized about the fish)

And Lastly the street corn was a terrible concoction. It seemed like old not so fresh water boiled corn that got slightly browned mixed with popcorn and a spoonful of mayo with so little anything else it had no resemblance  or taste to street corn and had little flavor on it's own.

I only heard good things about the chef from here but I seriously worry about his pallet.

Everything fell short.

SLIGHT UPDATE 2-2-14
 Fish Tacos have been removed from the menu since my review.
Food was great. Ambiance was just the right amount of steam punk. I had the pork belly tacos and the cured meat melted in my mouth. The ahi ceviche was perfect. Being a huge raw foods fan I was very pleased. My girlfriend and I also tried the tres leches cake and it taste so good make ya wanna smack ya momma.
Went there in a Sunday afternoon and Waited 10 plus minutes for service, so we left. Very disappointing since I really enjoyed the Brat Haus. It was even more frustrating that the tables around us were being served and no one stopped by the even ask if we needed anything.
I decided to try Taco Haus last week for lunch and I enjoyed my experience.  The carne asada taco and chicken taco were very good.  The salsa that comes with the chips was excellent.  I think they got their taps mixed up because my Green Flash IPA was something totally different.

Overall, a nice place.  I'll be back.
Excellent food and atmosphere. You must have the jicama salad, halibut ceviche,and veggie fundido...fantastic! Great date night experience :-)
I love this place.  We tried many dishes on the menu and I especially loved the ceviches.  I'm glad they have moved into our neighborhood and that there is a place that will be open on the weekends for late night eats and drinks.

I have been there 4 times already and they just opened on the 1/21.  Chef Payton Curry is a great chef and his wife Shantal makes all the desserts.  

I'm sure with the new opening there are kinks so cut them a little slack.  It's only been a week.  So cut 'em a little slack.
Overall, I enjoy this restaurant and have been there twice already. It's great to have new options in the Scottsdale/Shea area.

There is, however, lots of room for improvement, which i guess is to be expected from "new" restaurants, although the owners allege to have plenty of restaurant experience. Dropped the fish tacos from menu less than a week in, guacamole seriously lacks lime, and the margaritas are both tiny and very watered down.

on the other hand, the shrimp tacos and pork belly tacos are great. the empanadas definitely stand out, a fancy twist on a well know latin american street food (try the mole chicken). tres leche cake dessert is the best ive had in the united states. 

this restaurant has some potential but i expected more out of the brathaus bros. hope it survives long enough to iron out its wrinkles.
My family and I visited the Taco Haus for the first time tonight. We received a very cheerful welcome from Chef Payton. We love going to Brat's Haus  and were happy to see the great job they have done with this new restaurant.

We enjoyed every little bit of the food we ate  this evening.  The service was fast and the girls were happy and fun. We ate from a ceviches to empanadas. The pork, chicken and beef taco (carnitas) were delicious.  We had the chance to try the shaved kyle salad and I the flavor still in my mouth. Fresh, crunchy, and minty flavored. 

To end the night, we had some flans and tres leches cake. Wow! Loved it!!!
We certainly will be back. We want to try the brunch menu. Can't wait for it.
I've been twice now, and had sub-par experiences both times.  I'm a HUGE fan of Brat Haus, and was super excited about Taco Haus's grand opening.  We went with a group of friends on opening night for Taco Tuesday.  We arrived in time for happy hour, but when we asked the server what happy hour specials they offered, he wasn't sure.  He double checked, no problem, and we ordered our drinks.  At 6:00, when Taco Tuesday officially started, we asked what the TT specials were.  Again - no clue.  I looked it up on FB and let him know what I found.  We later saw that there was a stack of TT menus at the hostess stand, but they were not shared with us.  Again, not a super big deal.  I ordered the guacamole to start, which was ok but a little bland (needed more salt or something).  The salsa (both green and brown) were amazing.  For dinner, I ordered the scallop ceviche.  I've had ceviche before, and did not remember it being so raw.  Possibly my fault, if that's how it typically comes, and I just didn't know that.  But the scallops were mushy and not at all appetizing, so I took about a bite and left the rest.  Mind you, I'm a sushi fan, so raw in general is not a problem for me, but the raw scallops were probably a bad choice.  I tasted a friend's empanada, and it was quite tasty.  Overall, I left wanting to give it a second chance, knowing it was opening night and they were still probably just working out some kinks.

The second time, I went for brunch.  I ordered a bloody mary, which was AMAZING.  Honestly, one of the best I've had.  My fiancé ordered a margarita.  Before he could specify WHICH margarita (there are several on the menu), the waitress had already hurried off .  No ask on salt or no salt, either.  She ended up bringing him the house margarita - which was not great.  My fiancé ordered the breakfast burrito, and seemed pretty happy with it.  I ordered the Cubano sandwich, and was less than impressed.  The ham looked like a slice you would get at the deli counter, not the pork i was imagining for a cuban sandwich. The mustard was little overpowering, and was just your standard yellow mustard.  I feel like I probably could have duplicated that at home.  And the sandwich had no side, which I was kind of hoping for.  We let our server know we were done....and waited.  After about 20+ minutes of trying to track her down and having her race past us (mind you, it was NOT that busy).  she finally came back to our table - and asked if we were done.  We said again that we were, and waited for the bill.  I forgot to mention that we had ordered the guacamole again as a starter.  Same fairly bland taste, but we asked for some salt and that helped.  Then found a hair in my salsa, so the rest sat unfinished.  When the check finally came, I noticed that the waitress had charged me for the guacamole - and also separately for the chips.  I did not pay close attention to my bill the first visit to see if that is common, but I found it weird.  If guacamole is listed as an appetizer, not a side, why WOULDNT it come with chips?  What else would I eat it with?  At this point, we were ready to go, so I let it be.

Both of these visits were in the first week of opening, and so I am hopeful that they will work out the kinks quickly.  I'll give it one more shot, simply because I love it's sister, Brat Haus, so much, and I hope they succeed.
Yvette our server was great! We had a couple tacos each and shared the purple smashed potatoes, they were like French Fries, very good!!
For only being open for a couple weeks this place is amazing!!! The food, service and atmosphere all an A++++++ I can only imagine what this place will be like in a few months! I cant wait to go back!!
New place in Scottsdale!  We had the Chef's Table and of course, the Chef himself came by, introduced himself and gave us the jicama salad and the kale salad on the house!  Both salads were nice and light, great dressing.  Love the portions, small and affordable.  I had the chicken taco and it was very nice and light and tasty.  I also had the pork belly taco (probably not good for you) but it was delicious!  Crunchy and fatty and very flavorful!  I had rice and lentil and this is the first time I had Mexican food without feeling bloated after.  They make fresh tortillas here, lots of vegetarian and gluten free choices, therefore lots of healthier choices!  The only thing I didn't like here was the amount of noise, very loud.  Perhaps there is no need to have the background music on too high...  Overall, it's a must try!
While we were excited to try Taco Haus, we were very disappointed by the food and the margaritas. While the service was great, the food was tasteless. We paid for the high end  tequila in our margaritas but unfortunately could not taste a bit of it. We sent them back and received what we were told were "much stronger" margaritas, however they tasted very watered down.
Ok, I've been here twice now and am totally loving it. 

First time was for dinner, and we tried everything on the menu.  The tacos are the street variety, that is they are soft corn tortillas. The tortillas are fresh made in-house and are AMAZING! 
The other things on the dinner menu are awesome, but the tacos and ceviche stand out the most. 
Dessert of flan (slightly firmer texture than expected, but very smooth) and tres leches were also amazing. 
They have an excellent drink selection as well. 

Second trip: brunch 
We started with the fruit plate, a very good selection of a variety of fruits and yogurt. I ordered the chorizo skillet, a very large portion of eggs, cheese and chorizo (spicy). It was awesome, and while I hopped to box up half of it, I ended up eating it all. Others tried all of the other brunch options. No complaints and many compliments. 

I'll also add that the coffee is excellent: I enjoyed it black. 

Peyton et al have done it again! Expect to see a lot more check-ins from me.
New favorite taco spot, great ceviche and shrimp tacos. Danyell my sever was both professional  and friendly. Can't wait to go back!
I've been to Taco Haus twice now.  The first time was actually before they opened while they were having a brief 2 hour open house.  They had a few tacos to choose from, chips & salsa, agua fresca, and toward the end they also brought out some ceviche.  Between my husband and I we tried all the tacos (they were offering chicken, carne asada, and lamb).  We were really impressed. Hubby's favorite was the chicken and my favorite was the carne asada.  The lamb was good, but a bit spicy for me (although it doesn't look like it made the menu anyway).  The ceviche was really tasty too.  I found the chips and salsa to be just okay (chips were really thick, and the salsa needed more flavor) and the agua fresca was watered down (they just had it in a large container with ice already in it).  Overall though, we were happy and it was definitely a place we wanted to go back to once they opened.

We just went back this week for Taco Tuesday.  We had empanadas to start, several tacos, and some street corn.  We had absolutely no complaints about our food. The chorizo empanadas were great, the tacos were super fresh and delicious, and the street corn was new and interesting (the popcorn made it different, in a good way).  By far our favorite taco was the pork belly.  It was so good we had to get a second round of just those (note: those are not part of the taco tuesday special, but well worth paying full price).  Unfortunately I was on some medication and couldn't have a margarita, but I'm definitely looking forward to one next time.

The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because based on some pictures I've seen online (both from the restaurant and from other diners) it seems like their dishes aren't always consistent.  I was expecting my street corn to be on the cob, but instead got a bowl of corn kernels with toppings.  Do they substitute with canned corn when they run out of fresh corn? My pork belly tacos, while delicious, were pretty plain (just a single stripe of avocado crema on top), but I just saw a picture of the same taco with some beautiful toppings.  These are pretty small things, and they won't stop me from returning.  I just feel like they should provide the same experience for all diners.
Awesome decor and environment. Health food with lots of flavor and quality ingredients. Great prices. 

What's not to like?

Met the co-owner / chef. He explained that they source all produce from local farms -- which is important to me. Lots of gluten free options. You can tell that they are passionate and care about their food.

Tres Leches cake is freaking insane. Don't hesitate.
I had been to their sister location, Brat Haus, before but this was my first time to Taco Haus. My friend and I split the cubano torta, the street corn side and baked bean side. The torta was delicious and huge so splitting was a good idea. The street corn was AMAZING. The charred corn, Mexican cheese and popcorn pieces were the perfect combo. The baked beans lacked flavor and salt so I probably wouldn't order those again. I'll definitely be back to try more menu items. Oh, and they serve you corn nuts to start. Who doesn't like corn nuts?
I really like the ambiance and decor in this restaurant. They had very good service, and their food was great. The guacamole was excellent, chips you can taste are home made which were good too. I had a carne asada torta. The portion was big, but it was perfect. We also ordered the sweet corn which was amazing! Definitely have to try it. They also have brunch until 3PM and happy hour after 3 PM. Great tequila selection and full bar.
We ordered the shrimp ceviche for $10 and it contained exactly TWO shrimp. What a rip off! That is just unacceptable. Oh yeah, and the service was terrible. Slow and unfriendly.
Read all the other reviews and decided since it was close to home we would try it. Walking in and seeing it packed was certainly a good sign.  We were seated shortly after arriving and frankly it was a great place to have dinner.  We had two of the ceviches which were both delicious.  I had the carne asada  and the shrimp tacos which were also delicious.    My wife had the kale salad which was different than any other kale salad she had ever ordered.  The good news is that it tasted great and she was quite pleased.   The food was prepared quickly, the server was lovely and quite helpful with suggestions.   We will be back soon.
My friends and I went to Taco Haus today for dinner because I was told by a classmate that it was new and it was good...Well I am thinking that he has never tasted good food because it was very far from good. We went because we like trying new places but the food lacked something...and not just 1 or 2 items but everything we had lacked something. First the chips, salsa and guac. The salsa was way too smoky and in reading different reviews I was disappointed to here that there was a green salsa as well as the too smoky brown salsa. The guac was good and so were the chips..and that was about it aside from the soda. We all order Carne asada tacos and the meat was very tough, there was wayyyy to much pickling on the tacos. I ordered the columbian rice as well because I usually like columbian rice. However in the past the columbian rice I have had has a little spice to it but this rice was so gross. It had absolutely no flavor what so every. We then got the chirizo empanadas and the best I have to say about them is the outer crust. The chirizo lacked something and I have tasted better chirizo back in my hometown of Milwaukee. Overall a huge disappointment for the price. Chipotle is much better for mexican. We will not return for sure. So disappointed too because I really like the brat haus
This place is great. Been there twice and am very happy I went. Food is great, ambiance is too!
If you're familiar with brat haus in old town you can expect the same... Same owners, cool decor, great menu. Definitely not your average taco joint!! Only issue - service was a little lacking - lots of servers, but they seemed kind of oblivious to what was goin on. Will try it again though - figure they are just working out the kinks!
First time at Taco Haus. It's got great curb appeal with a large patio. We asked for outdoor seating for a large-ish party and they were more than happy to put some tables together for us. 
We ordered ceviche and a quesadilla for appetizers and the ceviche was incredible. Quesadilla was great but the shrimp ceviche was fresh, crisp, and just right for eating outside on a nice day. 
We ordered a bunch of different tacos and all were great. Pork belly was a stand out and so were the veggie tacos. 
We also ordered the streat corn which we all decided was the best thing we had on the table. A definite must for any meal. 
I love that the water bottles are recycled 40 oz beer bottles. Cool hipster touch. 
We have quite a few food allergies and after asking a few questions the chef came to talk to us. Not only was he accommodating to our issues but he was excited by the opportunity to provide good, clean food to us. What a nice touch. He told us about his chefs table and tasting menu which we'll be back for.
This is my first yelp review. Not because I don't use yelp but because I never felt like I needed to write a review...until now. Decided to try taco haus today because we were in the area and I'm a die hard brat haus fan and I was not disappointed. Haus margs very yummy had kind of a light soda fizz to them without being too sweet. Homemade chips totally worth it. Had 4 tacos (all but the veggie one) while they were all delish the shrimp and pork belly are the ones I would re order if I didn't have someone to share the 4 with. Great flavor in each though. And not similar flavors where you're like "wait is that one the carne?" Great flavors that worked with each meat. I would have been full after the chips and salsa, margs, and tacos but it was happy hour so we ordered the chicken nachos....huge portion, the peppers and onions on top were a great surprise, and $5 on HH. Yes please. So now I'm thinking we're really done eating....just kidding I've heard good things about the tres leches and they weren't wrong. It was a fantastic finish to a fantastic meal, not to mention our server Robby was on top of it. Perfect number of table appearances without hovering. I'll definitely go back and can't wait to try more on the menu.
Ridiculously yummy food. I go to get my "south of the boarder" fix ;)
A great new place! 

We have been fans of Brat Haus and were excited to try their new restaurant Taco Haus. It did not disappoint. The staff was friendly, from our host to our waitress Sydney. We also saw the owner, Dave, who came by to check on us.

We started with the chorizo fundido and it was very good. You can taste the difference local vegetables make and the Niman chorizo was amazing.

We both tried the brunch items; the chorizo skillet and the huevos rancheros. Again, both were excellent with fresh local ingredients. 

It is a large restaurant with a big patio. The margarita was fresh and the bloody mary was very tasty!

We haven't tried the tacos yet but plan on coming back on a Tuesday to take advantage of their Taco Tuesday Specials.
Love was in the air...
It was Valentines Day and we had a babysitter (thanks again, Mom!)

Instead of fighting the crowds and hitting up a fancy schmancy restaurant, I suggested Taco Haus, and I'm so glad I did.  

I love the casual atmosphere and the food was out of this world delicious.  Seriously - some of the freshest, tastiest food I've had in quite some time.  It was so good in fact, that I'm rounding up my rating to five stars despite a couple of hiccups with the service that evening.  That and hey - love was in the air!

We ordered a ton of food because the entire menu sounded great... it was hard to choose.  Our feast included:

*the scallop, shrimp, and ahi ceviche - scallop was our favorite but all were great
*the jicama salad (which we learned was the original menu item that Chef Payton created to go with this concept)
*beef tataki
*chips and guac
*roasted peppers - beware - they have a kick!
*side of veggies
*flan
*tres leches

We did a good job demolishing the majority of the meal, but we did take home leftovers, and they were just as good the next day!

Moderate prices considering the food quality, friendly service (even if they are working through the kinks at the moment), and a Valentines Day to remember.  I can't wait for my next visit!
Ate in loved the chorizo empanadas and the ahi tuna but thought the beans were tasteless... All and all I will be back but will not order the beans.
Understaffed. I like the vibe of this place. They did a great job on the former Blue Burrito location. The bar is really cool, however seating is very close together there. We sat at a high top next to the bar. We got seated immediately but had to wait so long for a waitress that we almost left. She came and we ordered. Chips and guacamole came out right away but no drinks, no waitress. She was very nice but they are completely understaffed. She was inside, outside and all over the place. The table next to us on their way to the movies was getting very frustrated. After we finally got our  drinks we didn't see her again for quite a while. 

I want to give it one more try as I really want to like it, but they need more staff.
Had dinner here with the family the other night...probably will be our only visit to this restaurant. The neutrals to negatives outweigh the positives.
We started off with an order of the Skillet Nachos. These were pretty good - no complaints. The toppings weren't overdone as you may get with other restaurants nachos that drown the chips creating a mushy mess.
For an entrée I had the Cubano torta. This was good and had a nice flavored mustard. The rest of the family ordered a variety of tacos. This is where things started to go downhill. Rather than have each person's tacos on individual plates they were brought out on one big plate, family style and everyone had to guess and sort out which was what. The feedback I got on the tacos was they were OK...nothing spectacular. We also ordered the strEAT corn to share which did have a nice flavor. However, all the food came out warm, at best. One positive of the food is the portion sizes were just right. 
The service was pleasant enough and the décor was very nice, but those things alone will not warrant another visit. Also, what is with the Tommy Hilfiger style logo?
I really wanted to like Taco Haus. I think Payton Curry is a great chef and I live across the street from his newest restaurant. I went with a few people around the time they first opened and came away unimpressed. I tried the tacos and had some drinks, but thought the best thing I had was the chips and salsa. It's definitely not easy to open a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix so I expected better food. All of the things I had were forgettable, and even though I'd like to give it another try there are so many other restaurants to go to that were never that bad.
Sadly really wanted to enjoy this place with the ideas of fresh non GMO foods etc that they have but they have a small variety only one Vegan choice - veggie tacos / others they could strip off the cheese or sauce & if you want chips & salsa it's extra . We left - we wished we could have liked them but when you are promoting healty options think vegan too !
Went here to celebrate national margarita day and were greeted by a free sample of their house margarita to start things off!  The margarita was good for a house margarita, but nothing over the top.  The appetizers were fantastic..would go back for another round of guacamole and the ahi ceviche...both were really good.  Ordered a couple of tacos that were good...average.  The side dishes were really good...street corn and lentils...great compliment to the tacos.  We sat outside, which was really nice...perfect evening to dine outside.  Our server was EXCELLENT!  We had a few folks with dietary restrictions and she was more than helpful in navigating the menu and customizing to accommodate us.  Overall, I would go back here for a solid meal.  This is not my favorite mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area, but will definitely be back.
We had lunch with a small group.  Service was prompt and courteous and the patio is very nice.   Pricing was very reasonable.  
The food was just 'average' compared to other nearby competitors.   The Carne Asada taco didnt sti well with me, but the pork tacos were pretty decent.   Other people in the group commented that the shrimp tacos  tasted a little 'off the shelf.'   Overall this one wont be a frequent lunch haunt, but I'll go back sometime Im sure.
We went to check it out last night and took the whole family. We have 2 little kids (3 and 4). We ordered the chips/guac. Loved it! The kids ate a cheese quesadilla - a little greasy but...cant really complain since they ate all of it which rarely happens. My husband ordered the cubano torta and said it was amazing and I ordered the halibut ceviche which was also outstanding. Our waitress Danielle was very helpful and kept a great eye on us and our children. We will definitely we revisting - thank you Taco Haus!
We've been long-time fans of brat haus and decided to give the new taco haus a try today for lunch. Not super packed for a Friday and easily found a nice seat on the patio. The ambiance is nice (and who doesn't like sitting outside in February). We had two servers come up to us and I think there was some confusion, but no harm done in making sure we were all set. 

My husband and I ordered the chips and salsa as a small appetizer and both felt it could have come with more chips (small cereal bowl size) for the amount of salsa verde we received (two cups). The salsa was pretty sour to both of us and not spicy. 

We both ordered a couple of street tacos for lunch. I don't think I could say I had one that was a favorite, or very memorable. The shrimp was ok, the pork belly was bland, the carne asada was probably the best out of them but nothing to write home about. 

I would say that taco haus doesn't quite compete when compared to other local taco establishments. It was a good spot close to work and I might stop in for a Taco Tuesday happy hour (for the deals alone), but I won't seek it out again any time soon.
Service was very slow. Took 10 min to see a hostess to get seated,  20 minutes for drinks and over an hour for dinner. We ordered street tacos, so I could not figure out the delay. When the not so helpful manager came over to check on us, the response was " we do not claim to be a fast food restaurant." Rude and unnecessary! He apologized for the slow service, stating they were so busy, however the restaurant was not close to full for a Friday night.  The food was fairly good, but I have had much faster and tastier tacos from a food truck. However, one point to drill in was that the food was pretty pricey for the quality. With so many other great restaurants in the Scottsdale area I can say we will NEVER return (that was the conclusion of my party of four and our friends we happened to run into there that night.)
Great Brunch! Bloody Mary's were made from scratch. Huevos Rancheros were perfect especially the fresh beans. They are amazing. Portion sizes are perfect.
Ate here twice last week. The first time there were three of us, good experience with very fresh food at lunch. We liked it so much, that we brought a party of 6 back for dinner. We were excited to show our guests the great items we had experienced previously. We ended up having a negative experience, with some of our guests saying they won't eat there again.
Overall, the portions are truly too small, especially for a business that is just opening. A few of us ordered the full rotisserie chicken, which the waiter said served 4. They brought 5 tiny tortillas, a smattering of corn that did not cover the bottom of the dish and a small serving of beans that were undercooked and therefore hard, for four of us. When we asked for more tortillas, they brought us two, so we asked for more. We noticed when the bill arrived, they charged us $3.50 for the "extra" tiny tortillas. 
We ordered chips and guacamole before the meal and were brought a cereal bowl of chips, again for six people and a tiny side of salsa. We had two teenage boys with us, so the rest of the group chose to forego the chips so that they could eat.
Our party of six was seated at one of the long tables in the center of the restaurant. Halfway through our meal, the waiter came over, told my son to move over on the seat bench and to pick up my purse, which was next to him, because they were going to sit two people AT OUR TABLE for dinner. The waiter didn't ask, just announced a party of two would be joining us. It was literally bizarre. The couple started heading over to our table and then refused to sit with us, as it was obvious that that would be totally weird.
The service was mediocre both visits. Hoping they really get this figured out as I would like to see a good restaurant succeed at the Shea 14 plaza. Start with generous portions, consistently fresh food, better service and go from there.
I REALLY ENJOYED THE FOOD!  Very creative Hispanic dishes and cocktails as well. The atmosphere is quite nice as well. This place is brand new and has the formula down pat.  GO NOW GRASS HOPPER!
Stopped by for Taco Tuesday and had a great time. Love the decor and feel of the place. The house margarita was tasty, and worked well with the chilis I had as an appetizer. Both the chicken and veggie tacos were great, as was the service. Definitely will be back.
This afternoon for a late lunch I stopped by Taco Haus we had been regulars at this location when it was Blue Burrito Grille and this place is not what I expected it to be. Wow it went from casual fast food to full table service with a hostess and everything. I ordered the Carne Asada Taco and the Rotisserie Chicken Taco, the chicken was good the carne though was really vinegary. The waitress at the bar was cordial but everything is ala carte. And a charge for chips and salsa? Come on now if you're going to charge for chips and salsa it better be as Robert Irvine puts it the best damn chips and salsa on the planet. They weren't unless you like 2 kinds of mild salsas and thick bland tortilla chips. Tortilla chips are supposed to be fresh light and crunch these were not plus they seems to me to have been in the fryer too long. They were crunchy to say the least but can you say hard? Yes they were very hard. And who charges for chips and salsa these days? Especially bad chips and salsa a cup of Pace and a plate of Mission chips would have been better tasting.  The green and red salsas were at least not loaded with garlic like other places but they had no heat, I love a good hot salsa and this was mediocre at best and mild as can be.

And the tacos were what is usually called "street tacos" but typical street tacos have two tortillas sandwiched together and these barely had one and they fell apart on me. At the old BBG street tacos came in pairs for less money then what I paid for one. I actually could have gotten a bigger taco for a buck at Taco Bell. Even Jack in the Box tacos are bigger (ok not very good obviously but bigger). But were these tacos worth the price? At $3.25 for one and $2.95 for the other, in a nutshell, no they weren't a very good buy.

I left there with 2 tacos chips and salsa and a beer (ok the West Coast IPA) was good (but not worth $6.00 a pint, I think it was a pint glass) then when I got my bill it was over $16.00 and that was for one person for lunch. Wow can't imagine what a dinner for two or family would run. It gets all thumbs down from me I now know what it is like and know not to ever go back there.
I've been here twice (during happy hour) and have been impressed both times, the pork belly tacos were great and I indulged in several of their haus margaritas. I was tempted to try the ceviche during my last visit which looks amazing but is a bit more expensive than just getting a few tacos. Wish this place wasn't so far north as I currently live in Chandler!
Ok, you need to know this isn't Mexican food!  It's Spanish/South American/Latino cuisine. Carne Asada was the absolute best I've had. Crispy pork belly ditto. If you're up for something other than Tex/Mex give this a try, if won't disappoint.
Naming the place Taco Haus prepared my palette for a taco experience. Especially since it replaced Blue Burrito.  But that's not what I had. It's almost like the chef wants to be a clever alchemist but fails. Tom Jetland he is not.

I had two tacos. One chicken. One carne asade. The chicken one had no flavor except I could taste the corn tortilla.. The steak one tasted like the steak had been marinated in Worcestershire sauce, which was unpleasant. I dressed them both up with guacamole and salsa (I had to ask for and they were extra). I hated the lunch.

The place looks like it would be a great happy hour--inside has picnic table style seating, built to be lined up with butts from the frat house on Saturday night. There's a lot of seating outside too, which would be a fun happy hour.

Service was slow, although there seemed to be a lot of servers. My friend and I paid $30 for our lunch, left and went to McDonalds to get ice cream cones to cleanse our palettes from a lunch we are trying to forget. He had ceviche, by the way, and was more than underwhelmed.

I am happy to read that some of these reviews of Taco Haus are so glowing. Maybe I caught them on an off day but somehow, I don't think so. I am a total foodie and this is one place I would not recommend.

But what I will recommend to Taco Haus:  write a little blurb about your style and philosophy on the menus so customers understand they're not getting a taco that their palette might be craving.

I'll give them two stars because it appears they have a wide selection of tequilas. After enough tequila, anything tastes good, right?
Was confused by the 'Haus' spelling but after learning about the Brat Haus ownership commonality, it made sense... well sort of.  I was hoping for a nice draft list here too but there were only a couple craft beers among the standard Mexican tap handles.  On the whole the food here was decent, though in some ways a bit ordinary and bland, i.e. the green salsa.  I asked if they had a spicy salsa and other one was given, but it was served in one of those plastic ketchup-style squeeze bottles and was not spicy at all.  Asked again, and they gave me a metal bucket of hot sauces.  

Good value for the tacos on happy hour, but I'm struggling to find myself there for full price for those same items (the portion size for the price).

Service has been all over the place on my visits here, from average to horribly inattentive.  The same goes for food prep time and it wasn't always consistent, for it was almost like my food came faster when it was very busy and was slow to arrive when few people were dining here.  Perhaps the server took awhile to ring in my order?
Should have went to pita jungle... Chicken tacos are pretty bland. The nachos were good but salty.
Enjoying a beautiful evening on the patio, we had yummy tacos and a torta, especially with the fresh mix of veggies. My daughter really liked the hot, fluffy empanadas. Incredible guacamole with a surprising crunch. Wonderful mix of flavors and very nice service.
The place was delicious!! The tres leches cake was the best I've ever had. The chorizo fundido and the pork belly tacos deserve honorable mentions.  Our server was very attentive and quick to attend to us.    The huevos rancheros had good flavor but my egg was slightly overlooked and it had too many beans.  

Nonetheless, I really hope this place sticks around. It's great!
After reading reviews, I went to Taco Haus with medium expectations; however, I was quite happy with the results. The service was terrific and the food was very good. 

I enjoyed the raw jicama salad as well as the rice (I requested it with butter), guacamole, veggie taco (I requested it with butter instead of veggie oil), and the pork belly taco was pretty good. My special diet requests which were taken care of with ease and that made me extra pleased. 

Taco Haus sources local ingredients with what seems to be mostly organic. That alone will bring me back again. Their meat is hormone free, but if it were also grass fed, they'd get that much more of my business.
Went to lunch with a friend today.  Her white sangria was HORRIBLE.  It smelled like dog urine and was unbelievably bad. I ordered a margarita and told the waiter the drink was terrible.  He brought us both margaritas but still charged us for the sangria which was $2.00 more.  They use flour tortilla chips  on the nachos without mentioning it on the menu.   They are thick.  The nachos do not come with salsa.  At all.   I had the Cubana sandwich.   Way, way, way too much mustard.   The  filling only covered 3/4 of the sandwich.   But it was the mustard that was really the turn off.  Service wasn't bad, but not good either.   The patio is great in the right weather.  I hope they get their act together..
SO any food can be made nuevo sheek these days, just put a German style name next to the food, In this case taco haus.

As the name suggest tacos play a large role on the menu,  and there are many small street style tacos with wall street pricing. $3-5 each. There is a civicheria here too, (raw fish cured in citrus with a few garnishes)

We oped for a chiviche of tuna, it was fresh and decent however the grade of the tuna was lower than I expected.

Our veggie taco platter was huge and the real star of the meal and reason for the score. A large selection of grilled vegies and even kale on a platter served with many small tortillas for a great DIY taco party.
I went there with a group for lunch this afternoon. The service was below average; our waitress seemed inexperienced and struggled throughout our meal.

I got the kale salad with tuna and it was good. I also got a shrimp taco and it was okay.
I can easily sum up this place in one word -  No.  Bring back Blue Burrito... please?
Came here on a Friday for drinks and had a great experience. Was looking forward to trying out the food so brought the whole family for Sunday lunch. Bottom line, no one will be going back a second time. The chicken and the steak tacos (corn tacos which are homemade)  were so soggy they fell apart on the first bite. The carne asada was burnt and the beans were filled with loads of fatty pork.  Chips and salsa were average but you are charged $3. I hope they are still tweaking the menu and will change the "family style" serving style. The portions are definitely not big enough to share and people get confused on who's food belongs to who.
Since "Taco" is the first name of their restaurant, you would think that would be their emphasis.  Not so much.  My family and I ate there on Sunday.  Service took too long,and the tacos were bland , steak was dry, and the corn tortillas were small for the price.  Chips and salsa were good.  Breakfast burrito was fair.  I would not go there again.
I've been here five times now since it opened in January and each time the food has improved and the service has been more attentive and faster. It seems like Taco Haus is finally starting to hit its stride. Inside it has a hip feel and the music is usually playing pretty loud. I love it, but my grandmother, who accompanied us one evening, didn't. They have a nice, quieter outdoor area to sit and enjoy meals as well. The food has plenty to offer. My favorites are their ceviches, the halibut and the shrimp are both excellent, their sides (beans and corn are solid) and their salads. I've tried each salad and enjoyed all of them. They offered a special beet salad last week that was probably the best salad I've ever had: golden beets, red beets, capers, strawberries, goat cheese, balsamic, and more made for an amazing, memorable dish that I hope they will add as a more frequent menu addition. They also offer a Chef's Table reservation for groups of 6 or more that I am looking forward to trying someday. 
What I love most about this place is the fresh quality ingredients and their commitment to local, organic produce. It's fairly healthy grub, yet still tasty so I leave satisfied, but not feeling like I need to go run eight miles afterwards.
Areas where I feel they can still improve? Service is critical to a restaurant's success. They are getting better, but still need to improve on consistency. The tres leches cake, while very good, was smaller than my wife and me had expected so it was a very quick desert. Also, some of our dinner companions have been a little surprised at the small taco sizes (they're really street tacos). I recommend the shrimp, short rib, carne asada, or veggie, however the chicken tacos have tasted pretty plain. But, you definitely need at least three or four to fill the average eater. All in all, I really enjoy eating at Taco Haus and feel like they are improving every time I visit, which goes to show that their chef and management are committed to serving the very best food they can.
Sat at the bar for dinner. Menu was good as it looked similar to Blanco. Service was good. I had the Carna Assado  and they were a bit dry and a little bland. Ceviche was good but not great. Atmosphere and format is great. Just need to improve food a bit. Not as good as Blanco!
What an unexpected and wonderful restaurant! I adore Mexican food but often ache for a fresh twist on the traditional fare. Taco Haus delivered exactly that. 

My wife and ordered salmon ceviche and a whitetail ceviche special. Our friends had the El Pastor and rotisserie chicken tacos. We had a side of roasted corn. The dishes all cleverly incorporated Spanish elements one might expect at a tapas restaurant--lentils, roasted sweet peppers, goat cheese and the like. And yet it was all wonderful Mexican fare. 

Oh, we had two six-year-old girls with us. They had simple fare like shrimp tacos and a cheese quesadilla. They loved it. 

I never order dessert at Mexican restaurants but we decided to give Taco Haus' a try. Wow. Flan rich as caramel, and a sponge cake in a sweet cream sauce. 

The service was friendly, even though the place was packed. And the beer selection included Bell's Oberon--a summer favorite of mine from Chicago that is fairly uncommon here in Scottsdale. 

This strip mall at the corner of Shea and Scottsdale roads is becoming a hot spot for good casual restaurants. Taco Haus is a great addition to the scene.
Very very good.  
Came at a slow time after lunch (which can sometimes catch a restaurant staff sleeping on the job) but was greeted by a very attentive waiter and waitress.  My waitress even offered to ice my left-overs as I wasn't going directly home.  Knowledgable, accommodating, and very friendly staff. 
Had the Fish Taco Special and the Tres Leches to follow. 
Fantastic. A great and fresh spin on traditional Mexican fare. 
Will definitely be back.
Hubby and I were excited to try Taco Haus as we are big fans of Brat Haus. Anything Payton does is going to be done fresh and excellent. We started with the halibut ceviche. It was light and flavorful.The Asian preparation was great for the fish. Hubby ordered the pork belly tacos and asked for the house made salsas to add spice. He said that he is ordering the same dish again. I ordered the 1/2 rotisserie chicken. The skin was thin and crispy (the way I like it) and the inside juicy and mouthwatering. Hubby had to help me eat it as they was so much there. Two delicious sides came with it- my favorite was the street corn topped with spicy popcorn and 13 beans slow cooked with pork belly (Big Daddy's favorite.) The drinks were fairly priced and the tres leches dessert literally melts in your mouth. The servers were friendly and well informed; the atmosphere is "joint like" with great music- makes you want to hang out for a while. This Saturday we are bringing our whole crew in for lunch to try more things.
Awesome food, awesome service!! They always make extreme accommodations for my dad's multiple food allergies, and it's always a fun atmosphere. Good drinks too! Prices are good, always able to find affordable food items. Fresh, healthy food is hard to find, but Taco Haus is awesome!!
Having a bad day? The cure: one bite out of Taco Haus' tres leches cake! 

Seriously. It's that good. 

While you're there, don't miss out on daily specials, pork belly tacos, the AL PASTOR, and the ceviche (all five of them). #nomnomnom
Great place to spend a Sunday afternoon!  I went with my husband and mom and we had delicious margaritas and appetizers on the patio!  Sydney provided us with awesome service!  She is so personable!  We will definitely be back!  Try the guava margaritas!
Tried it three times, the flavor is just not there. Go to the Mission if you want to see how great a street taco can actually taste. 

I admit the pork belly tacos had a little flavor so two stars. Very weird attitude about salsa there - i.e. they act like it is a precious commodity.
3.5 stars

Let's start with the good.  
1) The service was 5 stars very friendly, our waitress was attentive and very prompt with everything.
2) the corn side was great
3) Bells two hearted on tap

The not so good
1) The lentils served with the food were cooked perfectly but were really bland, if they were seasoned they would be perfect. 
2) The meat on the carne asada and pork bell tacos were also cooked fine but like the lentils the tacos were missing something and tasted a little bland. 
3) the salmon ceviche was warm when it came out although the flavor was good

Overall I would return if they 'spiced' the food up a bit. I love brat haus and think this place has great potential but the food needs to be kicked up a notch.
This place is terrible!  The chips tasted like plaster off the walls, and nothing we ordered had any taste at all.  I think the "Chef" is scared to use any seasoning, it all tasted the same, BAD!
Prices are way to high as well, do yourself a favor and go some where with some flavor!!!
Ordered al pastor pork loin. It was undercooked  and raw. Then brought back and was overcooked and could only taste char burnt pork. Plate was $24 and was not worth it. La frontera street truck and la LOMITA street truck have better street tacos . Three stars is for the service. At least the cook came out and said sorry for undercooked meat, but said he didn't cook it he was in a meeting.
I ordered the carne asada taco plate and subbed one for their special of the day, a fried chicken taco. A FRIED CHICKEN TACO. What? Both were delicious. The boyfriend ordered the shrimp tacos and would not stop talking about how it was the best shrimp he ever had.
Everything here is great...you can't get anything bad! Tres leche cake is to die for. Service is great, food is great, drinks are great!
The chorizo fundito is to die for!  Mexican food with a twist.  Not for everyone's pallette, but all should try it at happy hour before judging.
Cinco de Mayo pretty much means eat tacos for lunch and have a margarita. So we headed to Taco Haus to indulge in the festivities. We sat on their shaded, mister covered patio even though the temps were in the high 90's we were very comfy! The specials of the day were clearly posted so we ordered a corona and a house margarita ($4 each), it was delicious, a perfect mix! The chips, guac, and salsa were all tasty and fresh, I loved the salsa verde! I ordered the carne asada taco plate with cilantro rice and lentils (I prefer the traditional black bean, but interesting spin) and my fiancé ordered the short rib taco plate (the best short rib tacos I've ever had)! We were easily persuaded to finish off our lunch with the carrot cake and holy deliciousness! I highly recommend supporting the Haus restaurants! Always a nice atmosphere, good service, and amazing food!
Seriously disappointing. .. service was bad, food was HORRIBLE!! we ordered the carne asada, pork belly, and chicken tacos. The chicken appeared to be boiled, watery, and tasteless. The carne asada was overcooked and chewy. the pork belly was just okay. We also ordered the chicken nachos which were disgusting- oily and topped with that boiled chicken again. The food was seriously disappointing. .. I've had better Mexican food at Zipps. This is my first and only review, ever. Yup, that's how bad it was..

 EDIT- I just noticed that there is 28 reviews that are not "recommended" for his place. Do yourself a favor and READ THEM!! I'm not sure why Yelp does not recommended them because they are spot on with my experience! Thanks Yelp, you should pay me back the $80 I just spent at this dump.
Such a great atmosphere. We sat on the patio and ate pretty much everything on the menu! so delicious! 

They also rolled out a tequila tasting cart and each table got to try a few top shelf tequilas and learn about the history. VERY COOL!

Would defiantly recommend Taco Haus to anyone looking for a relaxed environment with great drinks and amazing food!
I don't know why anyone would put so much money and attention into creating such a nice atmosphere and then have tasteless food.  A very nice patio and attractive interior.  
We had the pork belly tacos - dry and tasteless, the carne asada tacos - just plain tasteless, and the short ribs tacos - how can you possibly have no flavor with a sriracha sauce, but they didn't.  The rice had no seasoning and the lentils???  Lentils, really???  The queso fundido was runny and greasy and a very skimpy portion.  The strawberry margarita tasted like strawberry syrup.  Very disappointing.
I'm giving them 2 stars because our waiter was very nice and attentive.  It is totally overprices for what they are serving.
With so many choices for south of the border food it was a pleasant surprise to dine at Taco Haus. The tuna ceviche was exceptionally good and had a unique flavor. Also enjoyed the market.street corn and guacamole dip. We didn't feel rushed and it was pleasant sitting outside.  Service was friendly and prompt. Great dinner which exceeded.our expectations.
I dropped in because it was new and in my neighborhood and called a few friends to join me. Our server was Sam and he was awesome. We had the peach ale to drink and a few appetizers. From the name it sounds german but the menu is a mix between southwest and mexian. My palette was confused by the name thinking we were going to have tacos and beer, but that is not at all the case. It's very nice and the ambiance is cool and I'm not saying the food was bad, it was just a surprise. I think it will do well in its location and it's a nice summer spot for sure.
I came here quite excited to try a new place.  The name has Taco in it, so I'm thinking delicious mexican food.  Well, it wasn't anything worth willingly going back for.
1) I felt the food wasn't worth the money spent (luckily I didn't spend any).  I was told to get the corn dish, and that it would be good.  Well it was definitely unique.  It came in a bowl with a line of lightly spiced popcorn.  And it was good...until I bit down on hard popcorn kernels 3 different times.  And that was my limit.  Word to the chef; I would definitely suggest making sure there are no kernels in your popcorn if you're going to season and disguise it on a bed full of seasoned corn.
2) My dish was so small.  Only two tiny empenadas and that was it. No rice, no lentils, no side salad; nothing else to enjoy with it.  Quite disappointed.  I knew I didn't want anything too heavy to eat, which is why I ordered the veggie empenadas, which were good.  But by the time I left and got back home, i was hungry all over again.
3) Typically I wouldn't complain about a drink, and maybe the machine was bad, but I just don't do well with any kind of watered down drinks, but their lemonade was oh so wrong :(

Overall, it was a forgettable experience, and I certainly don't plan on spending my hard-earned cash here any time soon, at least definitely not intentionally.
First of all, the service was very nice. Our server was super attentive and polite.

The food though was just ok. We had the carne assada tacos and the chicken empanadas. The chicken empanadas were displayed beautifully on the plate, but wasn't super satisfying. The tacos were flavorful and big, and the lentil side instead of beans was an interesting take, but the fact that the lentil side was cold was not my thing. 

They did a very nice job converting this location over from what was once a bland Blue Burrito into a stylish taco bar. The have a great outdoor patio that would be awesome when it isn't hot outside. 

Their happy hour also looks quite good, and would come back for that before a movie at the nearby Harkins Theaters sometime.
When Restaurant Week hits twice a year....it can be greeted by regulars staying away in droves because they can go to places that they enjoy without the 100 dB atmosphere and the glazed look in people's eyes OR newbies can try out new places that they have wanted to try without spending the full price of a dinner and have a nice sampling of the product. Tonight, Peg and I went to one of the places that we have enjoyed and experienced a great combo of avoiding the the craziness but with the wonderful sampling of goodies...at the Taco Haus.  Oh yeah...and this was Taco Tuesday at the Haus in addition to RW. .Payton et al  and his wonderful front staff (Colleen comes to mind) managed to bring the flavor and the outside patio area produced the atmosphere. The choices for the $40/couple were outstanding, fresh, flavorful, and it seemed like we were the only ones in the place. Shrimp cerviche, excellent guac and ships (with fresh red and green salsa), chicken and carne asada tacos....and Tres Leche cake which was still as good as it was the first time we tried it. Tony was our server and did an outstanding job. Roughly three zillion Go-Daddy employees might differ with the we-were-the-only-ones-there idea. They appeared to having a terrific time and  we loved the quietness of the patio with misters misting. If you haven't checked this place out...it is worth whatever week it is!
I don't know how this place has ever received more than 1 star. I had veggie tacos, which were pickled beets and onions, and there were TERRIBLE. And why are they giving us lentils?? They are flavorless and mealy. And the rice, good lord, was literally inedible. It was dry and hard and none of us could manage to scoop any rice onto our forks because it was dried up and hardened into a "rice patty" of sorts. The guacamole was delicious, but everything else was awful. Tacos are my favorite food, and I'm not picky, I love 99% of the tacos I've ever had, but I have to say, skip Taco Haus.
I'm here and eating now but had to write a review. The food is awesome. I'm having the fried cauliflower and the kale salad with chicken.  Yum yum! And now.. Back to my meal!!!
It wasn't busy for 7pm on a Friday night. It should have been a sign. Waited 10 minutes for our server. We ordered the Cubano Torta and the Rotisserie Chicken Tacos. We waited another 25 minutes for the food to arrive. It was obvious that everything had been sitting for at least 10 minutes. The Cubano was very soggy and didn't just have have mustard on it but was a lot of mustard with a little meat. The tacos were also very soggy and I had to eat them with a fork as the corn tortillas were breaking apart. The flavor was pretty good although the cabbage was a bit too sweet for my liking. The lentils and the rice that came as a side were not at all fresh and dry. We did tell the server that the Cubano was inedible and he gladly took it off the bill. I appreciate that willingness to accommodate a customer. It's a great little space and I was hoping for a lot more.
First time dining at taco haus. Was really excited because I love modern Mexican cuisine and the menu online really jumped out at me. I work in a restaurant and was excited to try the short rib tacos because I've had some killer ones in the past and the description made me feel like these would be no exception. I ordered the short rib tacos and a side of street corn along with a haus margarita. The margarita was on point and the street corn had unique twists that I haven't encountered in the dish before... Very delicious! However, the tacos themselves were really a let down. The meat was very dry like it had been sitting out rather than bathing in its own juices as any slow cooked meat should. However, with enough extra sriracha aioli to bathe it in I managed to get it down. What I couldn't get past was what was described as 'pickeled peppers' that came on the tacos were nothing more than sliced bell peppers period. As much as I love the decor, ambiance, service and of course the street corn. I hope they fix the execution of this taco. I'll definitely be back to try more
We dined here last Friday with a couple of friends. Someone we knew said it was good, so we thought to give it a try. When we walked into the restaurant, the place was dead, only a few customers. It did not look busy, but all of the tables were filthy. No one greeted us or told us if we could sit ourselves or they'd sit us. We finally found a table and waited for a waitress to wipe it off. She brought over some small plates and flatware, from then on, everything went from BAD to WORSE! 

- We found a pill on one of the small plates that the waitress brought out. All she said was "Oh, I didn't know how the pill got there?" I jokingly asked "Is it a marijuana pill or some kind of pill that gets me high?" She laughed "possibly!"

- Then my husband found a bug in his drink. A waiter who was not even waiting on us, apologized and brought the drink back to get my husband a new drink. When my husband told our waitress about the bug, she was arguing with him and said "it's a normal thing to see bug everywhere and all the time. Espeically in the summer time, if you leave something out, they are going to attract to sweet and food of course." Not one apology from her.

- My husband asked for the sweet-n-low sugar and she never brough it, but another waitress did. She was busy yapping with others. Then she pretended to bring them over after already knew another waitress had already helped us.

- The owner / partner of the restaurant named John, came by to check on us and asked how we are doing. He looked very depressed. When we shared with him about the pill and the bug, he brushed it off and said "people complaint all the time because they want something free."

We walked out with a bill of $56 for ordering 2 combos (3 tiny tacos on each plate, the rest is filled with lentils and rice), an iced tea, a margarita, a small flan, and suck a@@ service. The food wasn't good and small portions. Their dessert is very aweful. I'm very sure I can get better service and quality meals at El Pollo Loco or Taco Bell. They won't be survived for much longer with horrible food, service and attitude.

I 'LL NEVER COME BACK HERE AGAIN. Don't waste your money in this place people, you'll feel sorry.
I was really sad that I didn't like this place. I had heard about it recently and their taco Tuesday. I decided to take my grandparents with me when I went. First impression walking in the door was the atmosphere was very modern. Unfortunately we were awkwardly standing in the door for a good minute trying to figure out if we seat ourselves or not. Usually there is a sign or someone who immediately says something at other places I have been too. We ordered a round of the 4 dollar margaritas which were delicious! Honestly the only reason I was able to bump up the rating. The staff was pretty friendly as well. My grandpa and I got the carne asada tacos. I'm pretty forgiving when it comes to food but the carne asada tacos I got were just dry and had no flavor. The sides were just as flavorless (lentils and white rice). My grandma got the pork belly tacos. I tried them and once again overcooked with conflicting flavors. Lastly we ordered another round of margaritas that never came. I would like to say I would give taco haus another chance but I don't know what I would get knowing I tried things there were well known on the menu :(.
Had an exceptional dinner last night - really enjoyed the carne and pork belly tacos.  The Dash Inn margaritas were a great throwback to the place down at ASU - it brought back memories.   Service was great as well....
Worst tacos I've ever had, and I have been to hundreds of Mexican restaurant s.  Carne asada was shamefully bad and looked like wet dog food.  If u want a good taco try Habinero s , America's, El Hefe.
Btw stay away from taco haus by butterfields it sucks........had a serving of rotten fish and shes puking
Once is enough for me.  Crappy tacos, beans were awful.. Scottsdale wont put up with this kind of service and food.  Portions are very small, prices are high and the food is barely edible. Matgaritas are so so.  I asked for Don Julio, I ddnt get it I say the bartender pour something else.  Thats really bad.  CALL IN GORDON RAMSEY OR ROBERY IRVINE maybe they can help, maybe not.  This place will be gone by Dec 31.
Overall rating- good, not great, just average.

Margaritas were smooth, light on the salt for the rim.

We had the tacos, shrimp, al pasador and short rib are yummy!! The strEAT corn, delicious!  However the pork belly taco... Overcooked to the point my fiancé and I thought it was diced potatoes (looked and tasted like it)! Waitress thought that is how pork belly was suppose to be..

Price for the food we thought was a tad high for what it was.. Similar price to Cien Agave, just not quite there.

I'm glad I tried it, if I come back I'm not sure if I would adventure outside of what I had.
Drink here...then you may be able to palette the food. 

Cool atmosphere had us excited that we were about to taste something different. And we did! 

Just not in a good way.

We ordered the Dungeness Crab Ceviche ($15) "Dungeness Crab, watermelon, olive, mint, citrus" and it was ALL watermelon chunks with small bits of crab clinging to it. The watermelon was not ripe, slightly slimy and the hint of crab just added a fish hint to it. The waitress tried to explain that that is how this seasonal ceviche is served...mostly watermelon, and the others were like a typical ceviche (I guess meaning there is actually more than a tablespoon of fish used) yet they are all described the same way on the menu. 

Also ordered was the lentil salad. Zucchini, sweet potato, red and green onion and cilantro vin. What I got was a pile of cold, TASTELESS lentils. Urgh.

When I got up within minutes to get the check and told the waitress it was all horrible she tried to convince us to try something else. We were, of course, totally over Taco Haus at this point and just wanted out. She had heard my son say he wanted cake, so she did get us a piece to go, but as for the bill.....She CHARGED US for all the other food we had only taken a bite of! Wow. That better be one damn good piece of $30 "complimentary" cake. 

I think I need a drink to dull the memory of Taco Haus....but I won't be back there to get it.