FORGET OUTBACK!  Try some steak prepared by the natives from the land of BEEF!!!  (No it's not TX, no offense)  

Having grown up in NYC, just relocated from Northern NJ, and being a true 'East Coast, NYC' girl, I miss the non-franchised, mom and pop restaurants and markets of my hometown.  So feeling a little homesick, we kept our fingers crossed, and ventured to this wonderfully authentic, attitude-free Argentine restaurant.  

What a great surprise in the land of excess, glitz, and fake everything!  It's a modest, VERY casual dining place, with a deli and meat market.  The food was authentic, it's a family-owned and run establishment, and brought my honey back to the days he spent in beautiful Argentina.

We started with beef empanadas and MATAMBRE.  The ENTRANA (pronounced 'entraanya'-skirt steak) was delicious, so was the BIFE DE CHORIZO ('beefeh deh choreezoh' - NY strip steak).  Their CHIMICHURRI is to die for.

We finished the evening with some FLAN with DULCE DE LECHE.  The flan was a little disappointing, but not horrible.  After we paid the tab, we happily purchased a few items for our home enjoyment.  The traditional Argentine ALFAJORES were a delight.

The portions are generous, the meats are fresh and prepared perfectly.  If you want to dine in a place where it doesn't matter if you're  wearing shorts and flip flops or a suit, this is the palce for you.


Update:  I've gone back several times since writing the initial review and continue to be impressed.  I try a different dish each time and am never disappointed.
All I knew of Argentinan food was the famous Empanadas, the Beef, and the Chorizo.  All of those are available here and are Delicious. 
     My Argentine friends took me to this place and introduced me to great treats. We tried their saladas and two different Parrilladas. 
   The Parrilladas come with different types of grilled meats. Some I loved, and some were not for me. But it was great to try everything.
     And yes, as Gianna mentioned below, The Chimichurri is awesome.
Good service and very good food, plus you get to check out the deli and maybe take some treats to enjoy at home.
Holy lotsa meat, Batman!  I was looking to try something different in town so Argentinian food sounded damn good.  Had a couple of empanadas for the appetizer which were excellent.  We went for one of their mixed bbq grill plates which included filet mignon, short ribs, strip steak and what was called "flap meat" on the menu.  I asked the waitress if she could clarify "flap meat" but she was unable to.  All she said was "It's hard to explain..but it's good!". Fine..whatever.  I'll take the flap meat.

The dinner tables are just on the sides of this meat market/deli place so no need to dress up.  A wife beater would be totally acceptable here.  

The meat was pretty good.  Quite filling with just a small side of Spanish rice although it could've been all the bread we ate when we first sat down.  Its such a weakness of ours!  I have to stop with the damn bread before the main course!  ANYWAYS...good place.  Enough meat for another meal.  We had a box full of it which we plan on using for omlettes and soup.  And the waitress was right!  That was some good flap!
OVERALL RATING:
Service: 4
Decor: 3
Food: 5
Dog-friendly: No
--------------------------------------------------
Plus (+):
Best Cuban sandwich I've had so far,
Awesome chicken empanadas. 
The bread dipping sauce is great, 
Big portions,
Inca Cola!

Minus (-):
None
--------------------------------------------------
If I lived in Vegas, I'd go here all the time!
Lomito Completo !  Yeah, you heard me, Lomito Completo ! I call it, Argentina's version of the Egg McMuffin.  But this sammie does a serious beat down on ronald mcdonald - BIG TIME !
Now granted, the lomito cost $9 so it ain't a cheapo mcmuffin.  but you get a large pile of fries with it.  So what the hell is it ?!?!
6" Baquette roll. 2 eggs, ham, provolone, filet mignon, lettuce tomato, etc - it's a biggie !!   the guy that took my order gave me a side of  Chimichurri and suggested i dip the sammie in the sauce .  It was very tasty but  i actually think it's an overload - not just the amount  of food, but it's taste overload.  the fact is, as tender as a filet can be, it ain't high on the flavor scale so the ham and egg were the dominant tastes and then when you dip it in the sauce - wow !

It's funny that there is a sign outside the place - "italian deli"  - and yes, most of the deli meats and cheeses are italian.  But that's ok by me !

I gotta hit this place again and try the mixed grills with the chimichurri sauce - YUMMY !!
There isn't a whole lot the argentine don't know about grilling and this restaurant is yet another tour de force of their abilities. The Parillada de Martin Fierro is the best of their cuts with Short ribs, Vacio, and of course Filet Mignon. The French fries provencal are not to be missed either with their liberal amount of garlic and parsley. If you leave here without trying chimichurri consider yourself lost.
Although I didn't try the grilled stuff as it was lunch and I didn't want to need a nap in the afternoon.. I did love my sandwich! 

Service was friendly although spotty if that makes sense. No complaints/raves here. Atmosphere is non-existant.. 

Sandwiches were reasonably priced and very tasty ($8ish). I had the steak rancho.. steak with red sauce and cheese.. mmmm. Fries were just ok. Fiance had  the cuban and enjoyed his as well. Portion sizes were generous, we both had trouble finishing our sandwiches. They are perfect for a big eater. 

We also started the meal with an empanada. This was freaking awesome. Highly recommend trying one ($1.95) while you're there. Beef, chicken, ham and cheese.. you can't go wrong.

Free bread with chimchurri sauce was a diet killer, but a nice surprise from such a value priced casual type joint.
What is not to like about this food???

Everything is good.. the mashed potatoes, salads, chimichurri, bread, and best of all the MEAT... so juicy all the time... My mouth is watering just thinking about it... Well worth it, not too much of a wait.. not fancy at all. 

MUST TRY THE ENTRANA.... i
Been to this place a handful of times when I was younger, and finally re-visited.

We learned that the establishment has changed owners a few years back. They used to really be owned by this Argentinian guy, but got bought out by a very friendly Dominicanc Republic lady. The food is still good. 

If you go for dinner, try their grilled meats for two ($29.99). They have a lot of choices to offer..They also have a wine list, just ask for it.

Overall good food, but the place needs a major face-lift. The inside has very dim lighting and the setup is kind of odd (mini mart + deli + restaurant). If you don't care about that and just want some good food this is the place to go to.
We had went to Cathay House for Dim Sum in this small little strip mall and when we were about to leave, I saw this little neon sign shining through the tinted windows of a deli selling Italian sandwiches and what did it say......  

Could it be?  You know, it really was.  It was a Neon Beer Sign for one of my new favorite beers, Quilmes.  

Very hard to find because it's actually a beer from Argentina.  I had actually tried one bottle from one of those "Beers of the World" packs just a couple months earlier and had been looking for it all over San Francisco but couldn't find it but all of a sudden, out of the blue, I just saw that little neon sign and all of a sudden "DAM, Ain't Life Good???"   

We went in and bought a couple six packs to go, then noticed they had some deli foods so even though we were full from Dim Sum, we ended up trying some of their empenadas and some authentic desserts from Argentina.  

This place actually seemed like an Italian themed Argentinian restaurant as they sold Prosciutto and Italian Sandwiches too.    

So after trying thier snacks and dessert, they were indeed very tasty but it is really all about the Quilmes baby!!!
An acquaintance recommended this as THE sweet meat and skirt steak place to eat. However, I now beg to differ regarding the sweet meats. 

Inside resembles almost a quasi-diner/ Italian bistro with a functional bar facing the long row deli counter.So far not very impressive. 
But we sit and we order the sweet meats. Is it legal to serve rubber disguised as sweet meats? Because mine was so rubbery I almost has to ask for a cleaver. whew. And I got the feeling that they made them two or three days ago and just brought them out of the freezer. The taste was rather bland, which wouldn't have been so bad if they didn't sqeak when I chewed them. 

The tapas were dry, burnt, under-seasoned, and over egg-washed. I imagine that a Dr. Schol's shoe insert would have similar taste. And I love tapas. How could they do this to me?! 

And I know this fare is known for skirt steaks and meat dishes, but I felt fish sounded better. I guess I'm going tone deaf. There was a crisped edged gristly quality that bordered on what I imagine translates to what a raccoon feels like eating those little sun-fried fish in a dried up lake bed. At least the lemon hid the nonexistent flat fishy flavor. OK, so fish isn't their strong suite. 

I agree the service was spotty. Sometimes there, sometimes not. Usually asking questions right after you've taken a bite and your mouth is full. The did fill up the lemonade twice, though. I think it was that, or really weak tea. I can't remember. And after giving us a sheel fish dish by mistake ( my luncheon companion is deathly allergic by the way, as we told the waitress prior to the meal ) things smoothed out somewhat. 

So my experience never left room for me to seek out their strengths. But if you can't serve a decent tapa, fish dish, or sweet meat, how can you expect me to dish out any more moola. I even had to forego the flan, for fear of total culinary collapse. 

So this was lunch on a weekend, maybe not the best cooks, maybe not the freshest items, but c'mon, this was crazy. And when I told my acquaintance this, she said, 'Oh, their fish isn't that good, I only go with Argentinians, and we only order meat items. Gee, thanks a lot'. 

Just to show I'm not a total curmudgeon- maybe, just maybe I'll try dinner one of these days. The Deli counter had some nice items, and the meats did have a nice aroma.
I've enjoyed every meal i've had here and can't leave without getting the grilled meats and Chimichurri. Don't expect a fancy atmosphere as in most places here in Vegas. Feels like im in SF, a whole in the wall deli, family owned with some tasty food.  Haven't tried there sandwiches yet but the Lomito sounds delicous. The empanadas were good but not the best i've had.
Screw Botero. If you want affordable Argentinian food with some kick as$ chimichurri eat here. It is a weird little place with its mix of mediocre food and  outstanding food but great for going off grid and trying something new.
I ordered the Lomito Completo , filet with ham, provolone cheese, tomato, lettuce with a fried egg. With an  order of fries on side. This sandwich is not cheap.at around $10+  However it is quite tasty, i wish the egg was not completely fried, Over easy would have been better. The chimichuri sauce is spectacular it brings out the flavor of any sandwich.The good thing about this sandwich is that 2 people can eat it because it is packed with lots of ingredients. I did not try the empanadas but it sure looks appetizing.Next time I come back will order a variety of entrees to try
If you go to Las Vegas, you must go off the beaten path to this truly authentic Argentinian eatery and market.
La Parrillada es fenomenal!!!!
The signature hibachi barbeques paired with a tossed salad and some potatos on the side are a family pleaser.  Their Mendoza wines are the perfect pair....
Excellent empanadas! I liked the beef and chicken more than the spinach because they had much more flavor. Mucho robusto! They're a bit on the small side, so if you're hungry, you'll want 3-4 probably. Ask for the chimichuri on the side (if you have an Altoids handy afterward. There's some live garlic in there.) The "Argentine BBQ" looked and smelled outstanding as it walked by on my empanada visit. That's a must next time, with a few friends. It's a "community" meal (around $30, lotsa meat), so for 2-4 people, is a good choice. Have to mention that the service was absolutely fantastic, friendly and warm. Felt like I was in my gramma and grampa's Italian deli back in the day. Go, eat, be happy.
I like to eat and I like chimichurri sauce.

My gf found this place the last time we were in Vegas back in November '09 and I'm glad she did.  The place is located in a strip mall with plenty of parking.  When you walk in, there's nothing special about it - there's a huge deli case in front, a small market, and the restaurant (albeit small) is off to the left.  

Although I don't remember what I ordered, I couldn't get enough of the chimichurri sauce; I was using it on everything from the bread to my dish.  I thought there was crack in the sauce it was so good.  On the way out I perused the deli case and the market checking to see if they had chimichurri for sale, which they did.  The chimichurri sauce is bottled in these big ass bottles similar to the Ball jars you might see in certain stores or restaurants.  I ended up getting a jar and used it for everything and anything when I got home.

If you're ever visiting in Vegas, I would recommend this place instead of the traditional buffets everyone and their mom go to.  This is definitely the place I will be at the next time I'm in Vegas.
So tucked away in an unassuming strip mall in Chinatown, I am amazed at how much I love this place. The empanadas are all great, the beef and potato ones are perfect.

Their chimmichurri sauce is like CRACK, but in a good addictive way that won't end up having you in jail. I think it could be spread on a car bumper and it would be delicious! (and so full of essential minerals to boot!)

Their tableside BBQ is unique and very very tasty. I've gotten the mixed grill the 3 times i've been, and it's ALL good. Yes, even organ meat is good on it. (and i'm not a fan for except sweetbreads)

A Vegas gem!
As a previous exchange student to Argentina, I was elated to find out about an Argentine restaurant in my home town! Of course, I went with high expectations my first visit and I have yet to be disappointed many trips later.

Like many others have stated, the chimmichurri sauce is to die for. I always have to save room for my food! I love their milanesa con pure (with mashed potatoes) and their sandwiches. Even my - very gringo - dad loves their food; he doesn't like to try anything new.

Although their flan is not the best I've had, the homemade alfajores (cookies with dulce de leche, or carmel, in the middle) taste like they're straight from my host mom's kitchen.

You won't be disappointed!
I first reviewed Rincon when I'd just moved from the East coast.  Being of a carnivorous nature, I continue to go at least once a month to get my meat fix.  Rincon continues to deliver the juiciest, most flavorful steaks.  Their empanadas (pastry stuffed with beef, chicken or spinach) are heavenly, I even pick up a few packages of the pastry discs needed to make some at home.  I'd make my own chimichurri, but why bother?  You can pick up a jar to take with you.  They make it there, and I doubt it could taste any better anywhere else.  And if dulce de leche (creme caramel) is your thing, try some of the fresh ALFAJORES, shortbread cookie sandwiches held together by dulce de leche, then rolled in shaved coconut... hmmm... may have to take a drive today...
If you are looking for something new, Rincon is a great place.  It has everything from a deli with wonderful cheeses, olives and other items you rarely see any where esle to a small mart where you can buy good quality olive oil and especially malta(goes good with rum).  They do have a menu to order from with a few tables.  

My wife and I love to go in for a quick grab n go lunch.  We usually order the Empanadas and grab a couple of maltas to go.  They staff is always very helpful and nice.  Also in you are into soccer, its a great place to go on a weekend to have a sit down lunch and watch a game or two.  Again, if you are looking for something new, check this place out.  Oh yeah, try the chimmichurri, its awsome(you can buy a jar for like 5 bucks(well-worth it)
While living in Tempe for school I made several trips out to Vegas. Obviously getting out of boring old Phoenix was a must, but I am talking about driving all the way just for Rincon De Buenos Aires.

This place has great variety especially to those unfamiliar with Argentine cuisine. Their empanadas were exactly how I remember them to be when I lived down in Argentina. 

I was so over joyed when I learned that the owners made their own chimichurri sauce. I ordered pretty much one of many things and a bunch of empanadas. All of the stuff I had was great.

I would love to make another visit soon.
Oh man, how we love Rincon de Buenos Aires! 

When you walk in the door of this very unassuming little restaurant/deli/mercado, you'd never expect that this restaurant is home to some of the best asado outside of South America...and it is. I haven't had morcilla or molleja this legit since I spent a summer in Uruguay, and it's a good bet that I won't find its equal anywhere else.

Rene and Mariano always take great care of us; they make sure that bread and chimichurri are never in short supply, and that drinks are always full. 

The Noquis (gnocchi) are heavenly, especially with the rosado sauce. Tasty, baked empanadas. A half of one lomito completo sandwich will bust my gut - filet mignon sandwich with cheese, lettuce, tomato, ham, and a fried egg. 

And then, if you drink yerba mate, they have a great selection of brands that you can buy by the kilo. We're talking Canarias and Cruz de Malta, for 6 dollars. No $8 ten oz bags of fru-fru whole-foods mate here! 

To sum up - this is our favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  Eating dinner here was my brother's only request when he came to visit from Austin, TX. Tell your friends!
I heard this was the place to go for some good empanadas, there empanadas were faboulously delicious i happened to get there right when they were finished making them and grabbed a couple beef, dip them in the chimmi churri sauce and OMG they r to die for. I can not wait to go back here and try some of their other items on the menu.
This place was great. A true hidden Argentine treasure. Everything was fantastic.
meat meat meat meat meat....DAMMIT! whatta time to give up red meat. So I ordered mariscos.....but everyone around me got MEAT! There was just too much of it to go to waste. So my senses took over and like the natural carnivore that I am, I ravaged a juicy piece of filet mignon!

The popular section on the menu is the Parrilladas or Argentinean BBQ. Its great because you can SHARE! $34 a plate?...yea, you better share!
You can get short rib, skirt steak, filet mignon, sausage, flap meat, and sweat bread!!!

Sweat bread is something that I have been hearing a lot of lately, so I was pleasantly surprised to see it on the menu and really wanted to try to eat it. So how does it taste? Like chicken of course!! However, it had a little hint of a fried egg - texture and look is like that of cooked chicken.

They present the meats on its own grill, still cooking - so you smell all the smoky goodness right in front of you. Served with a basket of bread and chimichurri sauce which is to die for.

The empanadas are good...all of them are good - beef, chicken, spinach, and potato!
You have to drink it down with the local beer, Quilmes. It's a light lager, leaning towards the sweet side. It compliments nicely next to all the grilled meat. Washes it all down without distracting the flavor. 

Don't want red meat, get Mariscos Buenos Aires - its squid, shrimp, clams, and scallops in a light garlic, tomato, and wine sauce. Seafood was good, but it was the first time that I had seafood in a tomato sauce. I guess, I was thinking it was going to be more garlic and creamy. But for the most part it was good. Would I get it again? Not unless I had an ulcer or turned vegetarian. The restaurant is definitely known for their red meat.

Not only is this place a restaurant, but it's also a deli and a super small market. Mainly offering cheese & meats that you would typically find for South American Latin cooking.
location: inside an argentine deli/market
meal: dinner, it was empty so they easily seated all 15 of us or so...
ordered: parillada and empanadas
recommend: both! but the parillada meat was a bit overcooked (probably because the grill was still hot and it continued to cook even after it was served to us)...next time i'll ask for rare. the empanadas were tasty. next time, i'm going to order some to go!
cons: they had a difficult time cutting individual checks for us. i think we waited over an hour to get our checks.
We yelped and we yelped. So we decided on this new adventure. How can you have an Argentinian restaurant amidst Chinatown...? I did get a kick out of it.

To cut a long story short, the service sucked and the foods was American. Obviously we only had a small selection to base on... forgot to try the sweet bread.

I had the BBQ grill with 3 kinds of steaks... Fillet Mignon, skirt, and flat. It's all tasted good, with American flavor. Can't tell what's so special about the taste. The meats were slightly overdone... in most cuts here. And the portable hot grill plate (where the meat was served on the table) kept them cooking even further. For the price, there was no side dishes... but you certainly can order a la carte... French fries $3.95 and mixed salad $4.95.

My friend order Fillet Mignon. He loved it. It was missing some cooked vegetables on the plate but he didn't complain. It came with a medium size mixed dinner salad (I thought medium size fries was included... we did not order it but it was brought to the table and we got charge for it) for $17.95. It was harder to swallow under the circumstance.

It came with free breads and strong garlic olive oil for dipping. I used it on the salad too. Not bad. The Argentinian tea (in a tea bag) was interesting and not bad, but not much different than regular herbal tea on my not-so-subtle tongue.

A boxing game (Khan and Maidona) was being streamed live from Mandalay bay. It was not very crowded. Our server was very friendly but communication was not the best. And worse, she was watching the game more than attending to our needs. The bus boy did a better job to get us hot water to refill tea, and bread basket.

My friend loved the food experience overall. It's OK for me.

So diners, enjoy some American dishes (the other was mainly Americanized Italian). Service can be spotty. Make sure you double check your order for extra foods and unexpected charges.
My bf and I get lunch here from time to time and love the #34 Lomito Completo - Fillet Mignon cooked to your taste with provolone cheese, ham, fried eggs, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. This is definitely a great sandwich and can be shared by two people and be fully satisfied. It comes with fries and this green dressing that taste awesome with the sandwich. This I give 5*'s. 

Today, we also ordered their potato salad. I thought this would be a great addition to the sandwich. First bite in to it there really isn't any taste until after swallowing. The fishy after taste creeps in immediately. I thought it was probably because I am recovering from a flu but after a few more bites, I couldn't handle it anymore. It almost tasted like it was made with old gross fish. Even my bf made a comment about it. I will definitely not get it again. This I give no stars. 

Hence the total of 4*'s.
This place is awesome!

They have homemade chimichurri! Milanesa! Empanadas! Alfajores! They even have Pomelo!

I stopped by this place a few times when I would drive from Phoenix up to SLC. Everytime I have made the pit stop to Rincon De Buenos Aires it has always been a real treat. Friendly people and great food.

If you are not familiar with Argentine cuisuine then let me recommend that you give this place a visit.
I am very pickey when it comes to Italian Delis food due to being of mixed black and italian. lol  decent and enjoy finding the "real thing". Rincon De Buenos Aires is The Real Thing.....love the food, atmosphere and the people. It's a great place to eat or just go and have their delicious.
Rincon de Buenos Aires is a very nondescript shop that can easily get lost in the noise of china town.  The first thing you see when looking a the shop is a bunch of different signs that say deli, bakery and finally the name of the business.  But, on to the show!

As usual, when I go to a restaurant for the first time, I try to try as many items on the menu as possible without physically getting ill.  So this journey included the chicken empenada, beef milanesa sandwich and finally the skirt steak, and oh the chimichurri sauce...

So the bread with chimichurri sauce they serve is no joke.  At first you take a little nibble of bread with a light dip in the sauce.  If you aren't careful, you be soon asking for bread by the ton and taking chimichurri shooters off a hooker.  The chimichurri sauce is THAT DAMN GOOD.  But, don't let the chimichurri seduce you into getting full.  You have to try other things.

The chicken empenada was moist, with great spices and flavor all mixed into the shredded chicken.  The milanesa was the only underwhelming item I tried, but a healthy dose of chimichurri sent the sandwich overboard.

The star of this adventure was definitely the skirt steak.  Easily, one of the top four steaks I have had to date.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly, with a charred-spice crust on the outside, perfectly pink inside, and ohh soo tender and juicy.  The skirt could easily stand on its own with out ANY extras, but the addition of a bit of the chimichurri, and boom, you may need to clean up your pants.  Instant orgasm.

Grab a cab and take an adventure to China Town in Vegas for this amazing gem of a restaurant.
Gotta love the choripan! Great milanesa as well. It's where I get my bbq on. Love it.
4 1/2 stars!

What a little gem! You will not be dissapointed with luch here!

Me, Dad, and Hubs stopped in for lunch after a recomendation from a coworker.  It is a silly little place.  It's really more of a shop/deli counter but there are about 10-12 tables to dine at too.  I don't know a whoel lot about Argentinian food, but I do know they do empanadas and beef!

We started with two empanadas, 1 beef, and 1 spinach.  Flaky, flavorful and tasty.  Beef was the winner.  They serve crusty bread with a nice dish of chimmichurri.  Excellent. The bread is crunchy so you can really soak up at that oily garlicky herby goodness.  We all chose a hot sandwich served with french fries.  I had a delectable sandwich (can't remember the name) but denoted with a star as a favorite.  It was steak, ham, provolone, fried egg, lettuce and tomatoes on a baguette.  It was awesome.  Dad had the choripan.  It was an argentinian sausage sliced on a baguette with chimmichurri.  Very good, and a bargain at only $6.50 for a 9' sandwich with a pile of fries.  My husband had the sweetbread sandwich.  He was in heaven.  Swears they were the best sweetbreads he has ever had.  He raved....5 stars!!!  He also tried the local brew - Quilmes - he wasn;t a fan but understood how they must go down easy on a hot day.  We took home some sandwich halves and extra fries.  Bill was $44 for 2 sodas, 2 beers, 2 empanadas, and 3 sandwiches with leftovers for later.

Delicious!! Server was super cute, nice, helpful, and friendly too! We will definitely go back for a killer lunch.
Que Rico!!!

Mmm the empanadas. I'm so glad I eat chicken now because they are mouth watering. Being Argentinian, it would be super embarrassing if I were unable to enjoy some of the amazing dishes this place has to offer.  Its still embarrassing that I don't eat beef but whatever.  (I do stare at people eating milanesas longingly, I'm sure its creepy) I enjoy the pastries the most and sometimes if I'm driving in china town I'll pop in and grab a delicioso dulce de leche alfajor or three. 

There aren't many authentic south american places in town, and there aren't ANY Argentinian delis at all..so yeah I guess this is one of your only options. Soo, it's probably a good thing that it is AWESOME. Go!
Three of us went to Rincon a week ago, for a late lunch, after reading reviews about it. The place is in the Cathay Hills Chinese all, a few blocks west of the center of China Town, comfortable and service is good. We ordered the parillada for two people (the one that has skirt steak, ribs, sweet bread, chicken and sausage), a beef tongue and also a Greek salad. For drinks we had Quilmes beer. That was plenty of food for three people, but amazingly we finished it all, with more help later from glasses of house red wine.

We especially liked the grilled sweet bread. It is a little crunchy from grilling, tasty with a chargrill aroma, not mushy like in upscale French dishes. The skirt steak was very good too. We ordered it medium rare. It came slightly on the rare side, but because the grill has burning charcoal underneath, everything continues to cook at a slow pace, so the skirt steak became perfect just when we finished it. The ribs are so-so, not very good cut. Chicken is good, and sausage is tasty. But the best was the sweet bread. Oh, I liked the ox tongue as well. It was covered with chimichurri sauce. Oh yes, we ate so much bread before the grill came, because of the chimichurri sauce. It was good.

We recommend this place for people who go to Las Vegas and want something different from the buffets and Chinese food. We will go there again the next time we are in Vegas.
LOVE this place! We went on recommendation of an Argentine friend. What a treat! A definite stop each time we pass through Vegas!
Man, let me tell ya. My sister lived in Argentina for a year and a half and she is obsessed with it. So, when we found this place she was very excited to go and show me some of the food she fell in love with while there. When I first went in I was terrified cuz, lets be honest, its kind of a grungy dark place. But we sat down and got some bread with the chimichurri sauce and I was hooked. I cant tell you how good that stuff is. If I didnt think that I would get a horrible case of the runs I would pour it on my ice cream and stir it into my drinks.
We got some milanesas and empanadas and they were AMAZING! The empanadas were so delicious that I often find my mind drifting to the wonderful moments where I placed the fine morsels of food on my tongue and remembering how my tongue had never felt more loved than at that moment. 
I recommend this place to everyone. The owner is amazingly nice and the food is fantastic.
If I ever come back to any place in Vegas, this is it. Starting with the chimichurri it just gets better as you go along. The empanadas are a great follow up to the chimi and bread, wash it all down with some house red and keep chuggin on to the salad. Main course of rib eye and the parillada for 2 were melt in your mouth delicious. Finish up with assorted desserts and complimentary flan from outstanding server Mariano and the night is complete.
beef and chicken empenadas, cuban and steak sandwichs, bread and chimichurri crack sauce...oh my!

They have a small market and deli full of meats for the go as well!

Great local place.  An Argentinian star in China town.
Great place. Take someone and try the meal for two with various types of meat. It's worth it. Also, they a have a different kind of potato salad, but it's pretty damn good. Everyone there is real nice, and you can buy anything they serve from the deli.
Great Argentine food in Vegas!

Rincon has my favorite sandwich of all time!  The Lomito Completo!

They also do great steaks and sausage.  They have good salads, empanadas, and incredible chimichurri sauce--the best thing you've ever poured on a sandwich, portioned on a bite of steak, and dunked your fries into (all-in-one sauce!)

The atmosphere can leave something to be desired...it's not bad, just casual and a little like a small cafeteria.  Service is usually good, but has been off when crowded on more than one occasion.
We arrived for dinner about 7:45pm and was surprised that there were so many people in the restaurant.  Almost all the tables were full.  The atmosphere was very jovial and the noise level was comparable to any Chinese restaurant (loud).  We ordered the Ensalada Bueno Aires and their Parrillada (grilled meat platter) with a extra order of chicken breast.  I also had to try their chicken empanada.  The filling was quite good, but I wasn't too crazy about the crust.  The salad had heart of palms, roast red peppers, red onions, boiled eggs, tomatoes and romaine lettuce in it.  It was huge and very refreshing.  For $7.99 it was a good deal.  The meat platter was also a good deal.  It came with two pieces of short ribs, two skirt steaks, a piece of fillet mignon, a piece of flap meat and our additional piece of chicken breast.  The short ribs were a little tough, but the rest of the meats weren't bad.  For less than $40, we had it was quite a feast with all those meats. Their chimcurri dip that came with our bread was also good.   Although this is not my usual fare, I quite enjoyed this change in taste.
Mmmmmmm yummy!  This place has a good chimichurri!!

Cute little Argentine deli/restaurant with a great menu  :)  The ham and cheese empanada was DELISH!!  I enjoyed it with a hearts of palm salad -- Very generous with the hearts of palm here  :)

We also ordered a choripan sandwich and even though I was busy enjoying my amazingly yummy empanada I was about THIS CLOSE to snatching that choripan sandwich right off my friend's plate -- It looked great!!

I would be here all the time if I lived closer  :)
Food was amazing. Empanadas, sausage and a monte cristo. So good!
A nice little deli, if not a little over priced in some aspects.  

That said, the staff is very kind and if you're looking for fast comfort food then this place is definitely worth a look.
Sweetbreads! Grilled two different ways. Fantastic. I felt like I was back in BA sitting at the port area..
Well worth the taxi ride.
I came here to eat with my family on Wednesday and I'm a HUGE fan of this place, not just becasue its pretty much the only Argentinean restaurant in Vegas but because they actually have great food. 

Their Chimichurri is DELISH!! For an afternoon lunch, I recommend their sandwiches with a cafe con leche, which is yummy. I usually order their hot pastrami sandwich or the especial churrasco. My man loves their Lomito completo sandwich. The empanadas are very good too just a little too much for such a small empanada because they cost 2.25 each and I just think they should be a little bit less.

For dinner they have the Parrillada which is just delicious, I highly recommend it. Only thing is, that in my opinion its a little expensive since it doesn't come with any sides, just the meat. 

Overall its a nice little Argentinean restaurant/deli and the staff is very friendly which makes people want to go back and thats definitely a plus.
BEST PLACE! I took my husband here for his birthday and boy was he so happy! Our food was amazing. We got a chicken empanada, meat platter (grill) for 2, and my son chicken fingers and dolche dessert! We had left overs too;) The meat was soo good, the platter came with 2 filet mignon, chicken breasts, sausage, two stack of short ribs, and wow delicious!  GO, YOU WILL BE SO HAPPY!
My first experience of an Argentinean restaurant and I would say I am a fan, especially of the empanada's (sp) and lasagna with the pink sauce! I thought it was neat you could choose which sauce you want on it, red, white, or pink, I decided to be  adventurous and pick the color I hate, haha, and actually it ended up being like a vodka sauce which is my absolute favorite! I also had some salad which was pretty darn good. 

Also I discovered chimichurri... oh my goodness! That stuff is amazing. Where have I been, under a rock! Probably... who knows, but dang. I am in love. Just give me bread and that and I will be all smiles! 

My evening hear was pretty good, great company for sure, he ordered everything in Spanish which was pretty neat. I seriously need to get learn some Spanish so I can order and look cool doing it like he did. So easy it seems, but not for this girl. 


Overall this place was nice, it had a deli, a small store like portion, and the service was good. Soccer or boxing playing in on the televisión! 

Quaint little place!
Awesome! Hands Down! If you want to chow down some good steak meat, this is the place to go!!!!!! we came here and had the Argentine BBQ grill. There were 2 beef short ribs, 2 fillet mignon, 1 flap meat and 1 steak skirt on our grill. There were total 6 big pieces of meat! And we got them medium well. The meat quality was very good, soft and juicy. We were so satisfied. We also had a beef empanada on the side. It's good as well. At the end, the server gave us a free alfajores to try. It was tasty too. 
Everything we've eaten there was so good. I would rather come here instead of a steakhouse when craving for a good steak. So good with a reasonable price!!!!! Will come again and again!
This place is too good. Service is amazing. Meat paradillas are perfect. The chimichurri sauce goes well on everything. Wine, beer, deli, desserts, all you need. Too good.
The restaurant didn't look promising. Located in a nondescript strip mall, it looked like a deli lunchroom. We took a chance and were rewarded with a friendly neighborhood atmosphere and good food. We ordered a medley of beef cuts, including skirt steaks and short ribs. The wonderful chimichurra sauce made the meal a winner.
Huge menu, which does not make me feel like the place uses the freshest ingredients, but the food is executed pretty well.  They have pretty flat out awesome sandwiches, that wont break the bank and are a welcome shake up in flavor from other places in the area.  Its worth a shot, and if you dont dig it, you will only be set back about 12 bucks, which unless your a bum is not big deal...so go!
Sweetbreads! Yum.
I'm so glad I was introduced to this place!  I really enjoy mom-and-pop type of establishments and Rincon definitely falls into that category.  A quirky blend of deli and café, Rincon boasts lots and lots of meat.  Protein central!  My party ordered the grilled meat assortment, presumably for 2 people, but easily fed 4 adults and 3 kiddos with leftovers.  For funsies, we also tried the sweetbreads and tongue, along with more kid-friendly sides like the fries, rice, empanadas (VERY good), and oregano-sprinkled tomatoes.  Everything was delicious and everyone was stuffed...but not so stuffed for dessert.  Try the alfajores (shortbread cookies sandwiched together with dulce de leche) -- SO YUMMY.  

Your meal will come with free bread and the awesome chimichurri sauce (comprised of herbs, garlic and vinegar).  I think I could dip almost anything into that sauce and I'd eat it.

None of us had time constraints, which was good, since the service was definitely on the relaxed side....however, a lovely first visit and great food.  I'd come again!
DELICIOUS!

We had the antipasto appetizer for 2, which could easily be for 3. The salami and prosciutto were very fresh and thinly sliced and the cheeses were sharp and tasty.  Potato salad with peas carrots and eggs was the bomb. We also had the pollo balsamico sandwich. Very thin, perfectly grilled chicken that tastes like it just came off the BBQ.  GREAT LUNCH EXPERIENCE. 

Staff was extremely attentive and friendly. Can't wait to come back again!

P.S.  The unlimited bread with amazing chimichurri sauce was the BEST part of the meal.
If you want the best sandwich ever try the Lomito Completo at here. Filet Mingon with Provolone, Ham, LTM & M, topped with a Fried Egg. My, oh, my. This is s spot for my Dining & Vining MeetUp for sure! Yep, I'm coming back and inviting 200 people (only 20 or so will show though). I have to try the Argentinia Grill. We had empanadas and the grilled fish along with the sandwich. Fish could use improvement. This place has a cool little market attached where you can get local Argentina stuff.
We visited this restaurant last night on a whim, having decided to just drive through Chinatown and find a place that looked interesting. We made it all the way to Koreatown on Spring Mountain before we decided to backtrack and try out the "Argentinian' place.

Since we weren't particularly hungry, we thought that we'd just peruse the menu and pick out a few appetizers. As soon as we saw the guarana and the Belgium-made mango juice, we realized that this wasn't an ordinary deli/restaurant. My son had the lasagna, which he enjoyed, and the rest of us shared the Parrillada Martin Fierro, which was one of the shared BBQ options. The meat was a little better than average, which is probably why it's priced so "reasonably", but what really sold it was the fragrance wafting from the cooker plunked down in front of us. That, in combination with the free flowing bread and chimichurri sauce, made it an enjoyable experience that we look forward to replicating in the future.

We were too full by the end of our meal to try out any of the desserts, but they did look delicious.
I have been here several times now and have never been disappointed. My favorite sandwich is the lomito completo, a filet mignon sandwich which I would recommend. Also don't forget to save room for quite possibly the best flan you've ever tasted.  The service is always fantastic and attentive.
Upon trying out Rincon, I immediately was greeted by one of the nicest waitresses! She was helpful and continuously made sure everything was great. The food was delicious, I had the garlic fries and steak sandwich with fried egg (forgot the name).  The bread they initially serve with the oil and seasoning is a delightful appetizer...and everything is in huge portions! I will be back to try everything on the large menu - it all looks mouth watering!
Have you ever go to an establishment that your friend reccomended and then you realised that your friend dont live up to your standard? Well thats what happened here. 

My colleague were telling me to try rincon de buenos aires for their special steak for 2 and that the restaurant was romantic and stuff. I arrived at a deli and it feels absolutely weird and non romantic at all. 

We ordered the food that my friend told me to ordered. Which is paierlla something martin fierro. A bunch of combination of meat for $34.99. I was expecting some magical steak with some argintenian sauce that I dont know about since I am a food connoiseur and I would like to be blown away.

I wasnt expecting just bunch of low quality meat put on a charcoal based pan seared only with seasalt. I can do that myself thanks very much.

So suffice to say I am very dissapointed having to spend $60 for lunch and its not something that I honestly happy about. Service was good and attentive but its a one and done for me.
Argentina..the land of the beef , good soccer and the home of the super hot Italian looking girls that have that latino flavor. Yes..you can say Im a big fan of their country, food and of course woman,

This spot is legit. Owned, managed and operated by argentinians. Nice people, very personable and super sweet. From the guy behind the counter , to the lady in the cashier this place rocks. And their service is great as well. You are welcomed fast, serviced faster and catered the same way.

Their steak sandwich is to die for, and if you never tried morcila(blood sausage) this is the place to do it. If argentinians have mastered something , is soccer and BBQ. This guys can cook the steak, sausage , etc so perfect that its an orgasmic experience. Trust me ..try it. Go all out on the cow!

If you don't feel like a whole big meal, you can order sandwiches and also empanadas . Both of them OWN. They packed them with meat so you get a lot of flavor from every bite. Try a "triple de miga" or an "empanada de carne"

You like garlic? You like oil? Like flavor? Add TONS of chimichurri to whatever you are eating. Don't get the fancy packed one..ask them about their home made chimichurri .I tell people that God came down on the 8th day and created chimichurri . That's how good it is .There not a single person that have tried it that didn't like it. Mix it with everything, most likely you will get addicted

On the right side of the place there are a couple counters and refrigerators where you can buy sodas, and products from southamerican countries. Don't expect a huge selection, but more of the "top 3" from each country. Pretty convenient if you want to take some stuff home.

I like this place and its one of its kind. Good people, central location,good food, good service and good prices .If you want to experience the whole thing..try to go when argentina is playing an important soccer game, or a night where they are playing tango. You will enjoy it .
Awesome! Hands Down! The best argentine meet ever!
i usually order the skirt steak with fries.  it's usually good but once in a while the meat is lower quality.  the chimichurri is fantastic and the local beer is good.
Did somebody say meat? Argentina...the home of Messi and great steaks with chimichurri, how can I resist Rincon De BA?

Located along Spring Mountain somewhere in Chinatown, you'll find this unassuming place.  It's in the same complex as Cafe de Japon and Cathay House.  They have a few tables and there was only 1 server when we went here - he did try his best to provide good service to all the diners so I can't fault him for that.

We were given a basket of bread with an amazing cup of chimuchurri on the side.  That's it, end of review!  

But wait, I still have to share the other fantastic parts of the meal.  We had the empanadas (a beef, a chicken and a spinach) which were yummy.  I liked the chicken empanada the most.  The crust wasn't as crisp as the Spanish empanadas I'm used to but the filling was great.  We also got the parrillada Martin Fierro (short ribs, filet mignon, skirt steak and flap meat) with a side of papas fritas de provenzal (garlic fries).  The meats were so tender, juicy and packed with flavor then dip it in chimichurri?  Oh my goodness!  Intense tastebud experience!  The papas fritas were warm, crisp and garlicky.

For dessert I finished a mixto flan by myself.  The syrupy flan kind of looks strange but it's good.  It came with a side of crema chantilli and dulce de leche.  Eating the flan wih the dulce de leche was divine!

This Real Madrid fan gives Rincon De Buenos Aires 5 stars (even though Messi's our rival)!
Superior service, hostess was fantastic as well. And that wasn't even the best part. The food was amazing. Put chimichurri sauce on everything. Seriously!
A co-worker of mine recommended this place to me. She's FROM Argentina, so when she told me that this place is IT, I whole-heartedly trusted her. 

The place is located on Spring Mountain in a little plaza called Cathay Hills. Yes, it's where Cathay House is located. If you love dim-sum, then I'm sure you've eaten there.  But I'm not reviewing dim-sum right now so moooooving oooooon....

This place is located on the left side of the plaza and it's half restaurant, quarter deli, and a quarter supermarket. I haven't really looked around the other half of the place because I immediately sit down and am completely eager to get served the DELICIOUS chimichurri that they place on your table, with white toasty bread. I have NEVER had chimichurri in my life and I feel like my life really hadn't been complete before tasting the vinegary, olive oily, garlic-y sauce of the Gods. I literally slathered it on every single thing I had on my plate. 

It's been a few months since I've been there, so forgive me for not remembering what the official names of the dishes we've ordered are. 

Their empanadas always taste like they JUST rolled them out and filled them like 4 minutes before they served them to you. Fresh. Flavorful. Delicious. You have to order them. 

I know we've had their steak sandwich. The meat is really tender and I have no idea what they marinate their meat in, but it's amazing. SLATHER on the chimichurri and you're DONE. 

I've ordered a breaded steak with a FRIED EGG on top. The steak was tender and flavorful and if I remember correctly, in between the steak and the breading was some sort of garlic and parsley mixture that just sent this whole dish on another level of decadence and to top it of with a fried egg? I. CAN'T. EVEN. (my mouth is filling up with saliva as I type this.) 

I know we've had some french fries (came with the sandwich), which are pretty standard but AGAIN, dip them in that chimichurri and the whole thing just livens up. It's no longer a simple potato stick. It's a hotter, sexier and more flavorful potato stick that the other potato sticks whistle and gawk at while it walks on the side of the road, wind blowing in its luscious potato stick hair. (don't know where that came from.)

Their flan is pretty tasty and they serve sodas like Inca Cola to make your meal extra authentic, lol :D soooooo deliciously creamy and bubbly.

The service is always SUPER friendly and home-y and I swear, every time I go there, the waitresses are always laughing with and talking to at least two other patrons that they are either REALLY close friends with or their hospitality is just THAT amazing. I HIGHLY recommend this place. It's a hole-in-the-wall that deserves lots of LOOOOVE! go there for lunch. or dinner. just go. NOW!
I ate here while attending a conference. After reading lots of very positive reviews I decided to check it out. What a great find. Thanks Yelp reviewers!

We tried a bottle of the house wine. It was around ~$20. I've paid close to that for a glass in other places in Vegas. To my delight it was terrific. By the way, once you cross into Chinatown side of Vegas you have to check because many of the restaurants do not have a liquor license. I usually like to enjoy beer or wine with dinner.

There were 4 of us in the party and we shared 1 pasta dish and the grilled family style meats. It is served still on the mini grill. The meats were tender and cooked perfectly. The "restaurant" also is a meat deli and you can buy the meats to take home.

The wait staff was also excellent. We never felt rushed and our party enjoyed a long discussion with food served at a perfect pace.
My first Argentine experience and it was delicious!!  

This place is a restaurant, deli and small supermarket.  I had the Lomito Completo sandwich with filet mignon, cheese, ham, fried egg, lettuce, tomato and some mayo for good measure.  Not something I typically would order, but I was told it was awesome, so I went for it!  And it most certainly was!  Another friend had the Especial Milanesa sandwich (thin sliced chicken, breaded with a sauce) which was also very delicious, but I like mine better!  Boss had the seafood soup which was the soup of the day and he said it was great too.  We started out with a couple empanadas - beef, corn, potato and all three were yummy!!  

One star knocked off for their pizza - our friend who ordered it said it tasted frozen, not good at all.  And in hindsight, we didn't see anyone tossing or maneuvering dough!  Stay away from the pizza unless you're a frozen pizza kind of person! 

There's quite a few Italian dishes on the menu, some Cuban too.  The menu is pretty large.  The service is top notch, very friendly, helpful and refills came around very timely too.   The bread with olive oil and herbs/spices that they serve before the meal is really good -- I love the herbs n oil, delish!!  I noticed they sell it bottled in their deli section too.

I'm happy to have found this gem, who know??  But I'll be back, there's so many other things I'd love to try!
We just had an early dinner tonight and I would recommend this place to friends and family.  My boyfriend, who is somewhat picky at what restaurant to eat at, was happily  surprised and enjoyed our experience.  

The restaurant is very clean, and inviting.  The staff was very friendly.  It wasn't that busy at 430pm but at about 6 pm'ish people started to come in.  We started off with 3 empanadas (beef, chicken and spinach).  We both agreed that the beef and chicken was very good.  Spinach was good, to me. My boyfriend doesn't like spinach too much, anyway.  We also ordered the Ensalada del Chef.  It's very large - I think it can feed 4 people with nice portions on each plate.  It had everything on it:  deli meats, peperocinos,  slices of hard boiled eggs, julienne slices of carrots, slices of olives, thin slices of red onions....etc etc.   And, was very good.  The dressing they give is is just a light balsamic and olive oil that you mix yourself.  Not sure if they have other flavored dressings but then, we didn't ask.  We were okay to just use what was given to us.  

For entree, I had the Mariscos Buenes Aires and I enjoyed it.  The red wine sauce was savory and sweet.  There was squid in the recipe and gladly it was very tender and not chewy.  My boyfriend ordered the Salmon Grillado.  He enjoyed it.  I tasted a bite of the salmon and also the parmesan potatoe side that came with it.  It was yum.  The salmon was a good long piece of fillet.  Nothing special about the salmon, though. No special seasonings or anything.  I can make it better at home but it is a nice serving of a fish.  Add the chimichurri sauce and it enhanced the flavor!!  :)

For dessert I ordered the Flan, waitress recommended, and, my boyfriend ordered the Panquesques dulce de leche (which we took to go).  I am glad we did because the Flan was a big serving!  I had flan before but this recipe was outstanding!  It was served with a side of whip cream and 3 dollops of carmel.  OMG!   YUM YUM YUM!!  I wanted to take a pic of it but both of our phones were in the car.  I liked that presentation of it.  :)  Can't tell you yet on the Panquesques - we are relaxing from the dinner still.  :)

AND, lastly but not forgotten - the chimichurri sauce was awesome!   You could put this sauce on anything and it would be great.  My boyfriend put some of it on his salmon and it was yummy!   Soooo gooood!!!  For drinks I had the Inka Cola - cool and refreshing.  It is sweet like a vanilla root beer like taste but yellow in color. :)))  My boyfriend ordered a Heineken at first and his second beer he took the suggestion of the waitress and ordered the Quilmes.  He said the Quilmes was very tasty.  

They have a deli section filled with meats, desserts, sauces, sandwiches and also a store towards the back where you can buy the chimichurri sauce, Argentinian wine, candy, flour, dulce de leche sauce, carmel sauce,  etc etc.   It was a nice set-up.

My family is visiting in 3 weeks, I would definately take them here.  But we will be ordering the Argentinian meat barbecue!!!  :))))   I have had this before and it was yum, as well.
Great food and atmosphere. Chimichurri is addictive, especially with the empanadas. I usually get the Cuban sandwich which hasn't disappointed yet. The steaks are good as well as the Parillada combinations. That is a great experience it itself if you have a group of people. Great place to go for different reasons - a sandwich for lunch, a date night for steak/pasta or a good place to go with family and have a nice conversation over a great meal. You never feel rushed and it's a bonus that they carry Argentinian products like mate and all the accessories.
I have been craving Argentine food since returning from Buenos Aires in March.  I finally made it over to Rincon de Buenos Aires.  I was very disappointed overall.

The ambiance was cute-- it's part deli, part restaurant, and part grocery.  Service was warm and friendly.  I was happy to be able to buy some alfajores (dulce de leche cookies) to take home.  I also appreciated their selection of South American sodas.

Unfortunately, the food just wasn't very good.  One of the things I crave more than anything is a provoleta.  This is provolone cheese seasoned with oregano and then grilled.  The provoleta here was small and tasted like it came out of a microwave.  It was sad and boring.

The empanadas I tried (we ordered one of each variety) were all blah.  The steak was a huge disappointment.  It was like an average supermarket steak that hadn't been properly cooked or seasoned.  It was grilled unevenly and the chimichurri was bland and boring.

I would not go back to Rincon de Buenos Aires unless I were just picking up items from the grocery selection.
Argentinian food is amazing in general. Here, it is spectacularly and accessibly well done while still being authentic. Head here with a friend or date and split a dish for a light lunch.

Highest of recommendations for the lomito completo sandwich, prepared with filet mignonette and a fried egg. It's the bomb. It's served with pommes frites that are perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, with just the right amount of salt. 

In addition to these two spectacular items, you are served a house baguette with chimmichurri sauce. The bread is good preparation for what to expect for your sandwich- a roll that is simultaneously crunchy outside, and soft inside without being undercooked, or doughy. The chimmichurri sauce is phenomenal, and great to dip your frites in as well.

Lastly, I cannot recommend the house sangria enough. It is made on site and is the perfect blend of fruit juices and wine to make a strong alcoholic yet palatable drink that you can probably drink endlessly. I know I did. A pitcher will get you six glasses, FYI. 

Service was top notch, our server was attentive and helpful, and available without being annoying, it didn't hurt that he was also good looking.
You will be pleasantly surprised from when you enter. The ambiance is inviting and the staff very friendly. The real reward comes when your selection is served - the linguini with clams is a delectable dish with a sumptuous white sauce reminiscent of spaghetti carbonara minus the bacon bits.The deli case offers a plethora of inviting offerings, including multiple versions of empanadas and elaborate sandwiches ready to go.  Nothing negative to say about Rincon De BA - I will definitely be a frequent visitor.
Love this place. 
Empanadas and chimichurri sauce are the best.
Not even in Buenos Aires you can find a better chimichurri.
pasta frola & empanadas!  this place feels just right... just like home.  Very authentic atmosphere and kind staff.
Can't go wrong here. Worth your trip away from the strip. Obviously you must try the empanadas. This is probably the best chimichuri I have ever had. The family enjoyed the selection of carne.
Just awesome food. Chimichuri and meat. That is the focus. Gotta love it. Lots of authentic south american meats and desserts. They also make in the house cookies and fun little desserts that you can take with you. If you like to meet your t b sure to buy a jar and take it home. The sandwiches for lunch or also highly recommended
This is a corner store and deli with tables around the deli. My wife and I keep going back for the comfort food of steak sandwiches and fries. The bread is like a ten inch mini-baguette, crispy, and the steak, perhaps a little more than a quarter inch thick is lean and cooked medium or rare as you like. Wine and beer are reasonable.You can order whatever looks good behind the deli glass such as empanadas or deserts. I know we have just scratched the surface of what is on offer by doing the steak sandwiches, but they are very flavorful and reasonably priced. 

On the downside, seating was a little dense the last time we went on a Saturday night. On the upside, the waiters and waitresses are a bit old school; they are helpful without introducing themselves to you. I like that.
I'm not sure I can even adequately explain how amazing this place is... 

I'll begin by saying I love Argentinian food - the mix of European and South American flavors makes me incredibly happy just thinking about it.  In fact, the only negative really is having to choose between delicious Argentinian beef or succulent seafood.  Do you want pasta or rice dish?  So many delicious choices... Ahhh.

Anyway, before I get too hungry thinking about it, this is definitely the best Argentinian I've ever had and one of the best places I've eaten in Vegas.
This is the bomb dignity shazam shiznitz place I have run across in Vegas.

The waitress was older, but still had that I use to be hot appeal to her. She was also nice. My father and daughter were there with me and it was our final dinner in Vegasw together before we headed home and I wanted to try something that I never did before. So South American food ended up on the circle of things that may make my fathers stomach churn chart that evening.

Old man had some fish (which is weird since we were at an Argentinian steak house), my daughter for some unknown reason decided to get Lasagna with alfredo sauce (the paternity test did confirm she is mine), I got the ribeye. It was a little slow, not going to deny that, but the atmosphere of the place was nice, people talking, it was almost festive. There was also this really hot looking woman sitting but he door with her boyfriend, but that is another story.

Food was great, the bread was excellent. No complaints.. and the old man had a beer, so you know it was a good evening!
I have never been to any other Argentinean restaurant before and I really don't eat much meat, but I like this place. The beef empanadas are very good. My husband and I had the meat grill for 2 with skirt steak, sausage, sweet breads, chicken breast, and short ribs. The skirt steak was my favorite. The sausage and chicken breast were also very good. Normally chicken breast has no flavor, but this chicken was tender and had a flavor that was so good that I can't describe it. The short ribs were not that good. My husband loved the sweet breads. 

Obviously, the speciality here is the meat. Vegetarians may not want to come here.
Ordered for delivery (which arrived earlier than expected). Tried the heart of Palm salad, empanadas, sweet bread with parsley and garlic, and the lengua. All of it was very delicious. I was feeling adventurous when trying the sweet bread, and it did not disappoint. Probably the best thing I ordered.
Have eaten here a few times, it is a cheap yummy place to get food. Service is nice and they are always watching football. The best part is the free break and dipping sauce that they offer for free. Will continue eating here and order their empanadas! Also, their Greek sandwich is pretty delicious.

Had to take away one star due to service can be slow sometimes, but nothing that gets too out of hand.
This place is a cute authentic little Argentinian/ Italian restaurant and market that sticks out like a sore thumb in the heart of Chinatown in the Cathay Hills Plaza center. My boyfriend, is half Italian and Argentinian and he was eager to try this place out for dinner.   

When we walked in, the restaurant/market smelled delicious! It didn't help that we were starving and wanted to order everything on the menu. Luckily the server quickly brought out complimentary bread and homemade chimichurri. We both wished the bread was warm or toasted, but it wasn't - it was room temperature. The bread wasn't the best or the freshest, but the chimichurri certainly made up for it. The chimichurri was flavorful and had a nice acidity to it.  

We ended up with 4 different hot baked empanadas $2.25 each: 
Beef - Very rich and meaty flavor, my boyfriend like this one the most. 4/5

Spinach - thick spinach and cheese filling. I enjoyed this one. 4/5

Corn - piping hot insides and tasted similar to creamed corn - just not as sweet. 2/5

Ham & cheese - this one also had a very hot and gooey cheese filling and ham bits. This is one of my favorites. 4/5

Also we shared a rather huge hot sandwich - Lomito Completo $10.99:
Not worth $11 - A very thin hammered down piece of mignon with melted provolone cheese, very salty ham, fried eggs, lettuce, tomato, mayo, on a baguette bread. The steak and ham were thin and way over salted. The salt was so strong that it offended my taste buds. The fried egg was overcooked so it didn't have a runny yolk and that's always a shame in my book. The sandwich was a generous size in a huge bread roll. We were only able to tackle a half of it. The fries that accompanied it were nice, hot and crispy, just the way I like my fries. I just couldn't get past the over salting issue - I could feel my mouth shriveling up. 2/5

We also ordered 1 soda. Our total damage was $25 and change. 

In the end, we were uncomfortably full - everything was extremely heavy, oily, and extra salty. I did appreciate their empanadas, but the hot sandwich was a hot salty mess.
I love the family friendly vibe one feels at Rincon. Very laid back restaurant...great for big families. 

Danel our Cuban server was phenomenal. Very attentive, friendly and his best trait was his sense of humor. He definitely made it so we will always remember our dining experience at Rincon. 

The sangria honestly is worth the extra calories...order a pitcher, it's SUPER tasty & refreshing. 

My dad loved his milanesa with the 2 fried eggs on top. Refer to my pic's. 


The ONLY negative was our Parillada the meats were on the tough side :( 

La ensalada Rusa (potato salad) was dam good! We could not get enough of it! 

The flan was delicious 

The milojas dessert was not my favorite, none of us 4 cared for it. It's toooo RICH! 

The palmeritas (elephant ears) with coffee hit the spot!  
 
All in all it's a keeper!!!
This place is truly reminiscent of Argentina.  It appears to be a family owned deli. The ambience and decor is very warm and homestyle with a classic cafe interior. The menu is simple focusing on their parillada which is BBQ. Make sure you pair every possible item with their chimichurri oil.  Their pastry Gologos is amazing, my first time trying it and it is addicting! Mate tea and Gologos are the perfect combo.The prices are fair and it is a wonderful experience. The service was also very friendly and helpful. Overall, worth the trip!
Very good service and food. I really like the menu selections.  I've only been here twice, once for lunch and for dinner and both times I left happy and full. Start with the meat or chicken Empanadas. The Parrillada Fierro was a great platter of meats perfectly seasoned. The Milanesa beef sandwich was also good. This is definitely a goto spot for me.
I followed Yelp reviews here when we looked for a Steakhouse - not many in Vegas are layman priced, but this one was.  Sure, you don't get your 40th floor view of the strip, white tablecloth experience, but the place has a charm of its own.  When you first walk in, you might think you're at the wrong place because it looks like a specialty deli, and actually is - you can purchase empanadas and an assortment of meats and cheeses.  But they added seating to the floor space to make it a restaurant.

I visited Argentina 6 months ago and the food here was very much comparably authentic.  We ordered the chicken, steak and yummy corn empanadas - they aren't made fresh, but still very good.  We were a party of 5 and ordered the Parilla plate and Ribeye, the latter of which was so succulent and bursting with flavors.  It paired VERY well with a bottle of Luigi Bosca Malbec, which I highly recommend - soft and silky smooth tannins, very well structured.  The parilla meats were enough to fill all of us (sweet bread, skirt steak, filet, sausage).

We topped things off with the dulce de leche cookie, flan and crepe (with dulce de leche).  They were all delicious - maybe too much caramel in the crepe, but no big deal.

Our waitress was very nice and they were prompt with food.  And again, the prices were very reasonable - about $150 for 5 of us, including a bottle of wine and three desserts and enough meat to fill all of us to the brim.  

I definitely will come back here again.  It's great food, quaint ambience and friendly staff makes this an easy five stars.
I could go to Rincon De Buenos Aires solely for their chimichurri. I am a huge fan, and I just love, love, love it. It goes great with their steaks and bread. For only $2, you can get unlimited bread and chimichurri. 

I also enjoy their very large salads. You can definitely share one with 2-4 people. Don't forget to try their empanadas. I have yet to try the ham & cheese, but the beef, chicken, and spinach are all delicious. I definitely recommend Rincon De Buenos Aires for lunch!
The service was excellent and the food was amazing! My husband usually does not like trying new things, but he loved it!!
Craving some Pio Pio Peruvian Chicken from NYC, this place caught my eye. It lived up to my expectations, and dare I say surpassed my Pio Pio cravings. Its better than Pio Pio! OH MY- yes, it is. The food is cooked with a lot more care and flavor than Pio Pio in NYC. The atmosphere is friendly and authentic. We loved the "fixings bar" with the assorted sauces and pickles & stuff. The restaurant is clean and neat, and they have these cute little things on each table that will alert the server if you need help or not. We LOVED IT! we will be back, CHICKEN MMMMMMMMM!
My daughter and I ate here after the gym since it is really close by the 24hr fitness and I I never tried this place out. I have never had Peruvian food before so hey why not something to knock off my list of foods to try. 

As we walked in we were welcomed by a young lady and a young gentlemen. They were very friendly and helpful. The place was really clean and has lots of pictures on the wall. 

The gentlemen told me about the chicken so I ordered the half of rotisserie chicken and made it a combo which came with fries and house salad. The also served us bread which my daughter really liked! The chicken was really good, didn't really eat the fries because I just worked out, but the salad was like any other salad. Mix the chicken and salad together oh my it is delicious! However, I did order dessert which was the caramel crepes, it was really good but had too much caramel! Yes it was so worth it, I did feel a little guilty but you gotta go all out when your trying a new type of food! 

I am definitely coming back here again to try some other items which caught my eye! 

As for prices the half of rotisserie chicken combo was $12.99 make it a whole it's $15.99 combo but just the chicken itself $9.99 half $7.99 
Dessert which was the crepes was $4.99 and yes it was worth every penny!
A rotisserie chicken place with a nice dose of homey ethnic flair - what's not to love?

I kept it simple and split a whole chicken ($9.99) with a coworker. Drinks were $2. Food came out quickly and I dig the decor - eclectic and fun. Very Peruvian seeming, but what do I know ?

Chicken was fabulous! Moist and very flavorful. I'm am a hearty eater and 1/2 a chicken with no sides was perfect for me. I can imagine if you're adding sides, desserts (the caramel crepes looked ridiculously good!), etc, you're probably fine with a 1/4 chicken. 

When they brought out chimichurri sauce and salsa for the chicken my heart sang for joy- delicious! Yup, I'll be back!
I ordered to-go. I know the name is chicken and the game is the rotisserie, but I just had to try their Lomo Saltado. I haven't had that in forever and I used to love it as a kid. Lomo Saltado is beef strips with tomotoes, red onions sauteed in soy,vinegar,spices served on fries and rice.

While I was waiting the lady working the front of the house offered me some ice water while I wait- sweet, and hospitable of a gesture.

The smell of the food in the car was crazy overwhelming. When I got home I squeezed a bit of lemon on top and dug in. It was pretty good- the beef was soft and lean but juicy and dish was spiced well. 

Definitely the chicken seems to be the star, but the other dishes seem worthy of a try- at least mine was good. Also it's not just Peruvian dishes, half the menu is Argentinean. 

This place will definitely go in my work lunch rotation.
The owners at Che Inka have been running this place for about three and a half months now, and have added an argentinean menu to the already existing peruvian menu, so you have the best of both cultures.

We met Sylvana and her husband(didn't get his name) and instantly, they made us feel right at home and had us start off with some warm bread and Chimichurri. Wanting to try their chicken because they advertise themselves as a chicken grill, they suggested we try their  Saltado Mixto (Peruvian style fajitas). We also got an order of their Ceviche as well as an order of the Papa a la  Huanciana (Potatoes with a creamy"aji" sauce made with cheese and chilis)

their drinks are great as well. Sylvia got a passionfruit(Maracuya) drink and I got an Inca Kola(a golden cola from Peru that tastes like a cross between banana and bubble gum)

the ceviche was very refreshing and paired with the toasted corn, sweet potato, and corn on the cob made a delicious combination.

The potatoes had a homey taste and feel to them. simple, tasty, and had a kick  to them.

The Saltado Mixto(Chicken and Beef Fajitas) was good but nothing memorable. It was similar to the Lomo Saltado we ate at Little Dumplings on Eastern.

Feeling stuffed, we deciided to try their Pasta Flora, a traditional Quince Pie for dessert. It was good, but the quince was a little too sweet for me. All in all, a good time, and we'll be back to try items on their Argentinean menu as well as their famous Peruvian rotisserie chicken. Sylvana and her husband are very hospitable and also let us in on future happenings at the restaurant. They will be having Parilladas(Just like a churrasceria) at $30 a person for all you carnivores out there on special days throughout each month(send them your e-mail to recieve details) and they will also feature latin rock nights.

Don't forget to take a box of Alfajores (cookies sandwiched with dulce de leche) home....ALOHA!!!
Well, lately I've been backsliding in my effort to avoid beef -- even in cases where I'm not sure if its chemical-free.  It's just that, with certain dishes, temptation gets the better of me.  I was introduced to the Peruvian dish saltado (beef strips sauteed with onion, tomato, and cilantro) a few years ago and it was love at first bite, so when I heard about the Che Inka Chicken Grill, I just had to come here for some lomo saltado.  

My concern (before ordering) was that I may have unfairly romanticized the dish in my memory, making it impossible to ever enjoy it as I did before.  But I needn't have worried.  All the right flavors were there and I had a very favorable impression of Che Inka's saltado. 

So will I be back?  Definitely.  Would I order their saltado again?  I would.  But variety is the spice of life, and I saw plenty of other tempting dishes on the menu, including some of the Argentinian ones, that I will want to try on future visits.
My husband and I decided to try this place, we had read some reviews and heard some things, and thought it was time to try. We were greeted warmly at the door and the menu was explained. Two sides, Argentinian and Peruvian. 

We decided to try the whole roasted chicken and split it, and then got an order of anticuchos de carne, beef marinated kabobs, in a special pepper sauce, came with french fries, corn and little salad. 

We were given a loaf of bread, and chimichurri to go with it. We snacked on it while waiting. We got our meal and she brought us a basket with different sauces in squeeze bottles. One really hot, one slight less hot, ketchup and one for the salad. We then were tempted by the carmel crepes, yummy goodness served warm, covered with powdered sugar. It was wonderful. 

Overall, a good meal, light, not too heavy, the prices were reasonable, and the atmosphere pleasant. I think it would deserve a revisit.
Everytime I pass this place, I tell myself I should give it a try, it looked intresting        Since today I was trying to low carb it I just ordered the chicken, so this review is solely based on the chicken and service . The chicken was so-so, nothing special to me.
          IMO Costco put out a better tasting product. The chicken did  not look or taste fresh. The server brought out four sauces in squeeze bottles and as she was explaining each sauce she had the bad habit of pointing and touching the tips of the spout, yes where the sauce comes out, gross. At least she did not lick her fingers as she was doing this. I watched her do the finger thing to another table, so I guess it's a habit with her. I skimmed my wife carol's k 's review and noticed she would go back, I guess she dines alone;)
Always have been a big fan of Inka Chicken from back when it was on Maryland Parkway & Karen until it closed. I was very excited when I was driving down Rainbow & seen the new restaurant. I was planning to surprise the Mrs. and take her to dinner there on Sunday. 

When we walked in there were only 2 other tables taken so we were seated right away. We were anxious to try their Peruvian food. We checked out the menu and decided to try a variety of different meals. 

So far so good. We placed our order & my wife was explaining to me about the new owner, & that he was from Argentina. While we were waiting for our food I guess the owner showed up as well with his lovely son, and daughter. Everything still good so far. 

Our order finally came & most of the dishes were pretty bland, flavor wise & we added our additional seasonings which made it ok. While we were eating we noticed the kids were running back & fourth from the kitchen to the lobby....no big deal. Until the little girl started playing with the handle of the fire extinguisher, and I also noticed the pin missing & guess which direction it was pointing. But, luckily no harm, no fowl......she left it alone when she seen her father coming back. 

Now heres the kicker even though the food was ok, the owner came out and spoke to a gentleman at the first table and shook his hand. Then proceeded to the second table in front of us & talked to the couple there. He then walked right pass our table & started speaking with another couple that just came in a few minutes before we got our food. I asked my wife (who is from Peru by the way) if he really just walked by us & said nothing.....WOW !!! Was it because I'm a Black American with a Peruvian wife or what? I was going to ask if there was a problem, but my wife talked me out of the confrontation. All he had to do was ask how we enjoyed our meal (in spanish or english) & then went to the next table, then everything would have been fine. 

All I can say is WTF.......If the owner treats all his customers that way he would be out of business soon. There is not a chance in HELL we are ever going there again! New management, old style racism !!! Man.... what year is this? Only gave one star because you can't give a zero! 

Still gave the waitress a nice tip out of sympathy if anything else.
See my review under Inka Chicken.....without the Che.
This place is the outcome of the failed Inka Si Senor that was on Maryland Parkway some time ago. It then became Inka Chicken or something, and it's now Che Inka, mixing Peruvian and Argentine food. It's pretty good, as long as you avoid the rotisserie chicken. 

The rotisserie chicken was kinda dry, and not nearly as flavorful as some of the other ones served around town. It was actually kind of a let-down, but it was quickly forgotten when the rest of the plates came out. The empanadas, milanesas, and salads were all great. Way better than we expected given the chicken fiasco. Maybe they're trying to make this place more Argentine than Peruvian and are thus focusing their efforts on that side, I guess. I don't know. But dang, it was good! The chimichurri was great, too, so I'm not complaining! They also have a mini salsa bar, which was stocked full of awesome little sauces... I tried all of them, and they're all full of delicious.

The service here was ok. At first, they were super good about taking our orders and getting our drinks and everything, then they kinda forgot about us once we got our food. I didn't even notice their absence until I needed more water. That was not the best.

The prices were good, too. The chicken, as is the case in most Peruvian places, was cheap. The other dishes were fairly priced, too, though they were pricier than the chicken. Still, our party of four walked away with a $70 bill, which was pretty dang good!

All in all, I will continue coming back here for the milanesa alone, which was top notch. I'll stay away from the kitchen, and make sure to request extra glasses of water!
Decided to try this place because we had a coupon from Entertainment.com's coupon book, for the former location called Inka Chicken. On this visit was my wife and I, along with our infant son. Upon entering the restaurant, the owner was very friendly and was kind enough to honor the coupon. Being of Argentine descent, I was pretty excited that there was a place to eat with items that you may not find elsewhere. 

The owner seated us, gave us menus and drinks immediately, and spent some time speaking to us about the menu, about the restaurant, and told us about himself. We each decided on a reasonably-priced sandwich. One was the steak milanesa sandwich and the other was the churrrasco steak.  The wait for the food was average, and the portion size was acceptable. Each sandwich was served with french fries and a variety of dipping sauces. 

We each ordered a fountain soft drink, which the menu states as costing for refills. Soda is a huge sticking point in my opinion, as most places overcharge. Adding a cost for refills is unneccesary for fountain drinks. I had inquired with the owner, and he was kind enough to offer free refills. That was a huge plus. 

The food was fresh, meat was tender and seasoned adequately, and the overall taste was pleasant. The sauces for the french fries were very unique and very enjoyable as well. Overall, I would say that this meal was an acceptable choice for us, and the final price even without a coupon was reasonable. 

I am excited to take my father there, who is from Argentina, to visit for their lunch specials. The lunch special is around $7 and there are coupons for a free drink with lunch. Again, the drink is a huge plus. 

Definitely check this place out if youre in the mood for something a little different, and if you would like a change of pace from fast food and the usual suspects. I always like to keep in mind that in a city like Las Vegas, that independent owners are always working extra hard to get noticed. I always try to support local and family establishments, even if the cost is a little more. This little place is well worth a visit, even if just for a quick lunch.
Che Inka offers a menu of Argentina and Peruvian foods. Having been born and raised in Argentina, I only order from the Argentina menu. Their selection of Argentine foods is not bad, they have many of the classics such as empanadas, milanesa and choripan. The service is not the best, typically one server who spends most of her time behind the counter, however, it's easy to get past that when you taste the food. Their asado "bbq" is very good, they use cuts of meat that truly do taste much like our asados in Argentina. So far, all the menu items I've ordered were very tasty and authentic. I do have one suggestion, if they do not bring you any free bread, ask for bread and chimichurri, it's free and it is amazing.
Ordered 1 cebiche de pescado $10.95 which contained :
2 onces sweet potato
2 full regular potato
1oz chanchita( peruvian deep fried corn)
4-5 onces big chunks tilapia fish
At first I though it was too much fish, but then I realized it was a big sliced red onion underneath the fish!!! Was this an onion cebiche or a fish cebiche? You can see a picture of how the cebiche looked like, I just uploaded it. Its the one that says "the smallest cebiche I've ever had"
Found this place because of a review from The Weekly.  This is my first go for Peruvian food and I was not disappointed.  The spice sauces provided enhanced the dishes and did not overpower it.

Went there with a friend who was in town and we ordered the following dishes: Anticuchos de Carne (basically beef kabobs) and the Peruvian Panca Sauce was yummy!  I enhanced it with the smoky-ish sprice sauce (orange colored).  My friend ordered the Aji de Gallina (basically chicken and potatoes) and she enhanced it with the peruvian green chile spice sauce that gave the dish an extra kick.  It was a creamy, soul food-type essence to it.  We both ordered the Chica Morada, a sweet drink made of purple corn and other juices - very reminiscent to Hibiscus infused tea ... it was not tea, but it was soo good! 

We ordered from the Peruvian menu BUT will be back to try the Argentenian fare!!
The best of the best great food great place don't take my word for it try it your self!!!!!!!!!!!! you will love it
Truly 5 Star Peruvian Food; the tastes were delicious, the people were friendly, and the prices are reasonable. Definitely come try this place, you will come back.
Good lunch place, yummy rotissery chicken, and green rice. I'm not a fan of chicha, some peeps like it. Its fermented purple corn. But definitely try the rotissery chicken!
as much as i dont want to i give five stars be cause i have been following them around a long time...i love the lomo saltado and their arroz con pollo i have to admit they were alot nicer at the previous location on buffalo i believe and even better on maryland and they used to serve my favorite beer cristal but hopefully they will get back to that eat here save this place!!!! The food is amazing
This place got a complete makeover and all I have to say is : WOWWWW!!
It looks amazing, it has a beautiful atmosphere and it feels very welcoming. The food is extremely good, starting with the empanadas, my favorites are the chicken and beef empanadas, they bring different salsas to go with them too. After that I always go for the arroz con pollo(chicken with rice). The chicken is very juicy and flavorful and the cilantro rice tastes like the recipe came from the heavens above. If you are a meat lover you have to try the parrillada Argentina, very very good, the meat is cooked to perfection and the flavors of the meat are d.e.l.i.c.i.o.u.s. For dessert you have to try the argentinian(I think) pancakes. They are filled with dulce de leche and they are soooooo good. Let's not forget about the home made flan,and they also have this amazing typical ice cream. Oh what the hell, everything is good! Just go try it yourself, you wont be disappointed. Experimenting with other foods, cultures, etc is one of the great pleasures of living. So go ahead, live a little =)
The place was very clean, the server super friendly and willing to make suggestions on the menu, I had a great lunch and Yes I did like the food i will come back to this Peruvian restaurant.
Based solely on the pollo saltado "peruvian fajitas", which was the only thing I tried, I probably would never eat peruvian food here or anywhere else again.

  It was all the worst things about bad chinese fast food dark meat chicken, only with no sauce to hide that fact, served over soggy french fries and rice.  I wanted to try the ahi de gallina, but they didn't have it when I was there - I don't know if that was temporary or permanent. I'm not sure if I'll be able to stomach going back to try again to give it another chance.
The recently opened Capri Cafe serves up a mix of Argentinian foods and desserts as well as smoothies and small sandwiches.  There are still a few kinks to work out (No hours posted on the window, problems with the cash register), but in general it's a nice place to get some delicious dessert.  We tried the postres chaja ($3.99), which is a cake layered with meringue, angel food cake, whipped cream, and peaches, and it was light, sweet, fruity, and is something I would definitely like to order again.  

We came here towards the end of their day (around 7 P.M.), so there weren't a lot of empanadas left.  Instead, we got some sandwiches ($1.89 each): some ham and cheese with heart of palm, and ham/cheese with pimento, which were like tea sandwiches, but larger, with crusts cut off, and layered with mayo.  I found the sandwiches to be too heavily mayo-based, which drowned out the rest of the flavors in the sandwiches.  We also shared a pineapple smoothie ($3.99), which was very flavorful and frothy, but pretty small for the price. 

The one thing that annoyed me was the owner of the restaurant talked ONLY to my husband, and did not even acknowledge that I existed despite inquiring about the different foods.  Maybe it's a macho Argentinian thing?  Not sure, but I was put off by that.  

So will I go here again?  I would definitely like to try some of their empanadas and will go here again to try more of their desserts, but I will probably stay away from their sandwiches.
The empanadas and sandwiches are authentic Argentinian (which is a good thing). They are still getting settled in but it is very definitely something you cannot find anywhere else.
Capri cafe not only serves Argentinian snacks but also famous Brazilian snacks. Most items on the menu are cooked to order (besides desserts) and it is also made from scratch, they use very good ingredients in their recipes, you can't beat fresh homemade for so inexpensive! I went there today and over indulged... I'm a tiny woman with a tiny stomach, but somehow I managed to try 85% of their menu. My tummy is happy as happy can be :) The sandwiches are AMAZING ($1.89-$2.09 each)! I had the "pimientos" and tuna, I could taste all the ingredients in it, it was very fresh and light. I also had the "pao de queijo" ($1.25 for 4 - famous Brazilian cheese puffs), and they were also homemade and cooked to order. I had the "postre chaja" for dessert ($3.99), it was the best dessert I've ever had!!!! Oh! and not to mention their smoothies ($3.99), they use all natural ingredients. This is my new favorite place, I honestly HIGHLY recommend anything!
My wife and I stopped in at the Capri Cafe, and we weren't sure what to expect.  We had picked up a copy of the menu beforehand, and were very impressed with the price of the sandwiches.  We got the ham and pimiento sandwich, the heart of palm sandwich, and a tiny chocolate dessert pastry.  Upon receiving our food, we realized that you actually only get a half of a sandwich per order; this was fine -- we weren't that hungry-- but we felt a little deceived.  

As for the quality of the food, the sandwiches were both a little heavier on the mayonnaise than we cared for them to be, but were fairly tasty.  We plan on stopping by to try their empanadas, as those are probably what the restaurant will come to be known for.
This quaint little cafe was just what I expected! Friendly service, good food and reasonable prices. 

A friend and myself brought our Argentine friend for lunch and we all loved it! We had the fresh lemonade and freshly made meat and spinach empanadas. They were piping hot and delicious!

Our Argentine friend loved the place and plans to return one day in the future to try out the sandwiches. Looking forward to returning myself as well.  

Great customer service too!
I live around the corner and figured I'd give the place a try.  Since it is a cafe I assumed they would have a variety of tasty sandwiches to choose from.  Boy was I wrong.  They literally have 4 sandwiches to chose from and they are nearly identical.  3 pieces of bread, mayo, and egg are on everything.   They apparently think their clientele is made up of grade school children because they cut the crust off of the bread. 

 The sandwiches are pre-made, they just pulled it out of the fridge and gave me half.  Good luck saying "no mayo".  Who sells a sandwich by the half?  It had 3 pieces of bread, a smearing of mayo with pimiento on one side, and a razor thin piece of cheese or ham in the other.  When I saw how lame the sandwich was I asked for an Empenada too but they told me 10 minutes to heat it up.  I wasn't waiting for that, I was hungry.  The sandwich was average and even though he gave me a card to get a free sandwich, I will not be going back.

They sell smoothies if you are into that.  But, they have the name "cafe" in the title so that is how they will be judged.  Poor excuse for a sandwich, plus no variety, plus no substance, plus no selection equals a disaster of a place.  

Drink options are bottled soda or bottled water.  After eating the 3 bite sandwich (it literally could have been smashed into 1 bite) in the car before pulling out of the parking lot I immediately wondered where I was going to get lunch.  That is a bad sign.  

There are way to many good places with variety, value, and freshness in the area to waste your time trying this place out.
So happy to find a place to get authentic Argentine empanadas! If youve never had them, check this place out. They make and bake them fresh when you order so it's a bit of a wait but it's definitely worth it. 

Reasonablely priced and the owners are very friendly.
Looks like they are closed for good.
To the person who dissed the sandwiches and food.
Its ARGENTINEAN.
Don't want a sandwich like that? Don't go to an Argentine Cafe.
Duh.
Im from Argentina, so personally, I was stoked to find a place with Argentine food. I will definitely be a regular here.

So, to reiterate, if you want ARGENTINE food, then yes, go to Capri Cafe.
The only thing they're lacking in are good facturas (pastries) and coffee.
Aside from that they're golden.
Rather an odd mixture of a restaurant and whilst my fears about the booking not having registered were unfounded the request to reduce our seating from 12 to 7 hadn't been taken on board. How authentically Argentinian it is I can't really say having only been to one similar place in the past and that being part of a chain in Germany. As other reviewers have pointed out the staff are certainly not South American and whilst the menus state the steaks are all Argentinian meat there are pictures of Highland cows on the wall which seems rather incongruous.


 Having said all that none of my party had any complaints about either their starters or mains, the wine was decent, the service attentive and the prices pretty much what you'd expect for steaks. Probably one to come back to.
Hands down, best steak I've had in years. And I eat steak, out, on a weekly basis (I kid you not).

Let me start with the good part, then come to why it's not a 5 star review despite said steak being so amazing. The steak itself, and the food. Los Argentinos is an Argentinian steakhouse. They import all their steak from Argentina, and hand cut it themselves in the restaurant. There are also chicken and fish on the menu, but 90% of it is dedicated to steak.

There are a variety of 'specials', including the "ginormous t-bone" and something to share for two people, at £40, with a mixed variety of steaks. They also have fillet, sirloin, and rump at three different weights (220g, 300g, 400g). I really liked this level of options, as when the boy and I go out and order the same thing (steak) he always ends up eyeing half of mine up. So I could go for the 220g sirloin whilst he had the 300g.

There are lots of sides to choose from too, and we went for the mixed grilled vegetables, grilled mushrooms, tomato and onion salad, and fries. See the uploaded photo of my plate once I'd added all these on. The vegetables really had been freshly grilled and didn't have a trace of oil on them. I was also glad to see brocolli and aubergine amongst the mixed grilled veg, rather than just peppers and onions (as I expected).

Now, the steak. I ordered mine medium rare. In fairness it came out rare, but I am NOT complaining. It was the most melt-in-the-mouth, amazing, tasty, flavourful, ohmygodilovethissteaksomuch steak I've had in a long time. Probably since the one I had in Toulouse, France circa 2003.

So everything on my plate was completely nom-tastic, and we finished it all off. I had a mini food-bubble of love feeling afterwards. Oh and they have their only special sauce on the table, it's not spicy but like a mix of tomatoes and onions - quite nice.

So, why the missing star? Well, the interior leaves something to be desired. In fact, if I were rating it on setting and ambience alone I'd probably knock off another two stars. From the outside it's yellow and blue with some fun bull horns as an emblem. Inside they've gone for terracota orange, trying to make it feel warm. A grill and steak house should feel positively sizzling inside. Warm, bustling, atmosphere, the smell of the meat sizzling, the sound of the kitchen, the sound of happy customers with a bit of back ground music. I can't put my finger on exactly what it was, but the layout, the slightly lax staff, the row-on-row tables of families, the slightly too loud argentinian tango music that seemed twee rather than authentic. It all felt 'fake' despite that it is run by Argentinians. It didn't have that lived in character. It's a new restaurant, I know that, but it felt like a painted, empty cardboard box.

I so, so, so want this to be somewhere I could come time and time again and enjoy. And I will when I'm craving good steak. But I'll come for me, not on a date, or to bring a good friend, or for a birthday meal as it just lacks the ambience and vibe to make it anything other than a good feeding spot. A shame,a nd they could probably tackle that problem. The substance is there (good steak) they just need to work on the style.
If you like steak, go here, seriously.

We wandered by this place a few weeks ago and The Man was absolutely raring to try an Argentinian steak so after our pints at the Old Bell Inn, we came here for dinner.

We each had a starter - he had the ribs and I chose ... argh I'm completely forgetting what it was called but it was like a fried dough filled with tasty vittles, one had meat and one was veggie.  
We were both very impressed with our starters, though I preferred mine.  On our table was some kind of relish/sauce type accompaniment which I tried with my starter and was absolutely fantastic.  

We then each (of course!) went for a steak.  The Man went for the full deal with sauce, chips and salad , while I went a la carte and selected a steak without sauce and a side of asparagus.

The steaks were cooked to perfection.  I cannot emphasise enough just how perfectly cooked they were.  I have to admit mine was a bit salty for my taste, because I don't generally salt my food, but it was still exceptional.  The Man was also completely bowled over by his choice.  

The chips and salad were nice, though the asparagus was cooked to the point of being both mushy and stringy and we only made it through some of it before turning toward our much more tasty mains.  

Additionally, our wine was nice and the wait staff were incredibly nice.

However.

One big however - the drunkest man in the world wandered in and the wait staff were too nice to turn him away so they seated him, right next to us.  
They even served him more alcohol.  
Eventually he started harassing me and was starting to get agressive with my guy when we decided it was time to leave.  At no point in this exchange did the staff intervene at all, though they were giving me sympathetic looks while he was trying to talk to me.  

It wasn't a huge deal but I thought it should have been dealt with by the manager - he/she shouldn't have let him in in the first place, let alone served him more alcohol, but once the staff let him in they should have looked after their other patrons.  

I would definitely go back, but my dining experience was somewhat dampened by captain drunk, though he story has proved to be an amusing anectode!
Fantastic!

Without a doubt the best steak I've had in Edinburgh. 

Thoroughly recommend Los Argentinos if you're a lover of quality steak, chicken and lamb cooked to perfection.

If you're a vegetarian, keep walking.
For some reason I have always struggled to get a decent steak at a decent price in Edinburgh. Los Argentinos has come to the rescue. I do agree that the decor could maybe be improved, although I'm here for the steak. They have made tweaks since they opened such as adding new,  more intimate, lighting and the nice pots for the chimichurri. 
The most important factor for me if the steak, which is second to none.  and even the starters such as the ribs are fab. Good value is to go for the special dishes which include fries / baked potato and salad as standard. Can't wait to go back.
It was a long week last week. I reached the end, feeling fully strung out, and ready to go out and drink a dozen margaritas and throw myself on the dancefloor, in an attempt to destress. Of course, none of that happened, because before even reaching the end of my meal, my eyelids were almost to the floor. Stress does tire one out. 

But, as I drifted off to sleep, I was sent on such a lovely little journey by way of Los Argentinos.  I have to let the boy steak every so often, or he gets a little rambuctious, so why not let him eat at one of the reputedly best places in town?

Now, to be fair and it's four not five stars because the vegetarian option sucks bottom. You could argue that it's a steakhouse so be grateful, but at least provide an option of grilled veg (it's a side) and not potato, rice and corn. Bit too much carb for me, so it wasn't an option. The baked potato that I did have was on the raw side too and, as Jame O noted, the salad wasn't particularly impressive. Grilled asparagus was fab, but the garlic sauce accompaniment tasted like lighter fuel. 

On the other side, I had the grilled tuna and that was something new for me. The chargrilled flavour on top of some nicely cooked tuna was fantastic - and a hefty steak at that. Throw a little chimichurri on the side and it was fantastic. The boy tucked into some sirloin and rump steak... and reported that it was as good as the reviews said they would be. By the time we finished our main, we were done and it was time for bed, not beer as originally intended. But oh... what a way to go....
I keep coming back to Los Argentinos because, to date, I have not had a steak anywhere in Edinburgh which comes close to the amazingness found here.  

Plus, not only are the portions generous, it's about half the price of many of the steak houses in the city centre.

The starters are a bit unusual (I always get the empanadas, and the veggie one especially is amazing), and the desserts are admittedly a bit uninspired.  But let's be honest, you probably won't have room for dessert anyway.

Los Argentinos is a brilliant place to come in a group as the ambiance needs a bit of an oomph, but then I don't do a lot of chatting when I'm here, just a lot of eating.
It seems you CAN judge a book by its cover. 

I'd always been a bit ambivalent about Los Argentinos. Everyone raves about the steaks, but it does look a bit naff from the outside. And ... yep, delicious steak, but the venue is a bit basic and the whole experience just didn't quite cut it for me. 

I think of steak as a special occasion food, I suppose, and so I do want a nice table, maybe some candles, decent glasses for the wine. And you just don't get that at Los Argentinos - it's sort of cafe-like, with bare tables and everything a bit on the budget side. My tomato salad was actually an iceberg salad, with a few slices of tomato - nice enough, but still a disappointment. Roasted veg, similar. 

So - yeah. Great steak, decent price, nice people, but not really somewhere I'd rush back to.
I've come to dread going out for steak. Shelling out £20-25 for one course and not having a clue whether they're going to cook it properly. If you go to any other restaurant where you would pay this much for your main, it's always going to be fairly good at least. Any chicken or fish dish or French, Italian, etc. will be edible, even if not great. Moreover, other meals have numerous ingredients so if one is a bit messed up then you can cross-subsidise your tastebuds with the others. Steak comes with few side dishes (and you often have to pay extra for them anyway), so when someone ruins a £25 steak, that's your whole meal ruined. Lately I've been coming close to the conclusion that I should just eat steak at home and save restaurant dining for other things. But that's quitting talk. And when you get that feeling, you need steaky healing.

Thank heavens for Los Argentinos, a place where you can get your steak on without fear. Gillian and I both had the fillet steak and it was like a textbook for how to cook steak. Mine was medium rare and hers was rare; when we cut them open you could clearly see the difference. We should have taken photos to send them to other steak restaurants.

As others have said, it's lacking in ambience. I don't expect steak houses to be upmarket (fine dining and steak are two different things to me, but then as a recovering Australian I'm somewhat colonially challenged), but they could spruce things up a little to improve the atmosphere. But for me it's not that kind of place anyway. It's the place for friendly staff, reasonably priced steak, cheapish wine. It's the kind of place to forgo the starter and just focus on the main event. Huge steak, large glass of wine, baked potato, job done. Not really for a special night out but when you just want to steak it up in no frills surroundings.
Considering my husband is from Argentina, we didn't hold our breath when we first went to Los Argentinos restaurant as we didn't think that it could truly compare to the food across the water.  However, for once we were happy to have been proved wrong!  

Although the interior doesn't really shout Argentina (there are photos of Rabbie Burns on the walls), the food certainly does!  This is one of the restaurants that we frequent regularly and always come out smiling.  It is a small restaurant so it is nice and quaint for either a night with friends or even a hot date.  

We have worked our way through the Argentinean wines on the menu and the Malbec and Cab Sav are winners.  Similarly, I've had several of the steaks (bife de lomo) options including peppered steak (bife a la pimienta), steak with garlic (bife al ajo) and steak with a creamy mushroom sauce (bifen champignones a la cream) which is my favourite.  The steaks come with a huge bowl of chips and another gigantic salad which are two meals in their own right!  

I dare you to walk out of this restaurant having cleared your plate because as of yet I have failed to achieve this!  One of the reasons though may be down to the fact that I always go for the chorizos caseros (sausages) for starter which usually fills me up but they are too tasty not to order!  For those fish lovers out there the grilled prawns (gambas a la parrilla) are meaty and suculent.  

Something for everyone and a little taster of Argentina without the price of the flight ticket!!!
Mixed feelings ahoy!

Los Argentinos has been on the list for while now and for my birthday we decided to score this one off.

In some ways it's a case of thank god it was sooner rather than later, in other ways I can't wait to go back again.

THE PROS:

-- Possibly the best fillet steak I'v experienced in Edinburgh.
-- Lovely crispy chips and selection of tasty sauces.
-- Decent wine selection.
-- A charming waiter.
-- Very conveniently located in the Newington area.

THE CONS (with elaboration):

-- A wider menu that causes you to struggle with the asking prices. Starters such as spicy sausage for £4.50, a side of fried onions for £2.75, and a veggie dish of salad, baked potato and corn on the cob for a staggering £14.50, are the three main examples that jumped out at me. The steaks are certainly worth the cash, but overpriced averageness such as the above can really offset the way you feel about what you pay. The rest of the food MUST stand up to the quality of the spotlight dishes and compliment them as standard, especially if they are charging these prices for it.

-- A wider menu in need of broadening. I've never heard of a steak being accompanied by a baked potato. Especially not in Argentina. Where are the Potato Dauphinoise? Potato Gratin? Further fish options? The fish menu is in actual fact quite respectable, but consisting of only 4 dishes. Give us more. Your chefs know their stuff, trust them with more.

-- Staff that know their trade. Our one error in this visit was booking too early. At 6:30 the restaurant was empty, not even music. The latter was quickly amended upon our seating but the staff had nothing to do after taking our order, so in the half hour that followed before more diners came along, the two waiting staff on hand decided to hover. Hover badly. Hover withing 3 feet of our table. On top of that the female of the pair thought it wise to stare at Jennie for most of this time. And although my back was to them the entire time, when someone's hovering you can feel it. Busy yourselves, maintain distance or get involved with a bit of chat, but do not hover and CERTAINLY do not stare. As said above, our waiter was attentive and charming in his earnesty. The girl however clearly had a lot to learn, even down to the inexperienced way she bustled in on us to ask if everything is okay (still have no idea why restaurants do this; if something's up, I'll say so).

So in summary, a decent eatery with decent surroundings that, when busy, is quite charming. But at the minute a bit overpriced for the menu as a whole and a staff that require a bit refining. I'll be back for the steaks, they really are worth experiencing, but my expectations of a dining experience, where Los Argentinos are concerned, are now set at an average level.

Potential to be so much better.
Been meaning to review this place for ages. I took a bunch of people that know what a good steak is here and none of us came away disappointed. The Gigantic tbone and the 400g sirloin in particular were the highlights I think. For value for money, service and great food this is definately my favoutite steak restaurant. I compared the prices of tbones with some other restaurants around the town I have eaten in recently and it really doesnt compare this is it for me. 

The dishes ordered were:

- Tres Carnes. Three types of steak on one plate looked great and massive thumbs up.
- Bife con heso gigante. The gigantic tbone... this was what i ordered the first time I visited and many visitslate and my order still hasnt changed. 
- 400g Sirtloin. this was impessive and gobbled up surprising quickly. :D
- Beef kebab. never really been keen on kebabs but this looked very nice.

Everything is served with a baked potatoe / chips and s side salad, so the prices are inclusive. 

They have a veg option too, but our token veggie couldnt make it along this particular evening.

Only reason for not giving this five stars is the beer selection. I dd not look at the wine menu but beer and spirits were limited. I think it was Fosters as the only draft option.
friday and our first choice restaurant told us there weren't any tables available until 10pm!  it was 8pm, if i had to wait another two hours just to look at a menu i was pretty sure i would turn into some sort of green hulk monster desperately running to a field in search of cow!  then a friend suggested los argentinos who could seat us right away!!  we jumped into a taxi and were looking at a menu less than 15 minutes later.

los argentinos is a steak restaurant, definitely not vegetarian territoy at all.  it's also not a fancy steak restaurant, it just does really good steaks with a fairly basicly decorated dining area and friendly staff.  maybe not a place i would normally go (i like a bit of swanky style when i dine out) but i was quite happy to find myself here.

the menu is straight forward, you can either select a platter which is a steak (or a variety of steaks) with sauce, salad, and either a baked potato or fries.  you can also select your steak, sauce, and sides all seperately at a slightly higher price.  there is also a nice selection of starters if you want to have meat before your meat.

i opted for the grilled king prawns followed by a fillet steak with bearnaise sauce and baked potato all topped off by a glass of the house red.  my wine was brought over quickly and after a quick sip i confirmed that it was quite tasty and good value.  starters arrived in good time as well and before me were four massive king prawns grilled to tasty perfection.  i wimped out a bit and had my boyfriend remove the heads but managed to peel off the rest of the shell myself.  i made short work of the prawns (i was stravingggggg!) which were super tasty and accompained by a garlic mayo for dipping.  i only wish i'd had a bit of lemon to squeeze over them.

the main courses were next and did not disappoint.  the boyfriend was thorougly pleased with his selection of steaks as were his friends!  i was equally pleased with my lovely and perfectly cooked fillet steak.  the bearnaise sauce was only ok but the quality of the steak meant that it didn't need much sauce added to it.  the baked potato was also quite tasty although the main event was most definitely the steak.

stuffed full from our steaks we opted to skip dessert and just get the bill.  i was surprised that with all the food and drink we had it only came to £30 each including the tip.  i was fairly certain i would have paid about twice as much for my steak dinner at the other restaurant we tried to go to so i definitely felt like we had gotten good quality and value for the money.  i very much enjoyed this place and am looking forward to a repeat visit next time i'm in need of a steak dinner!
If you prefer to eat solely in swanky restaurants, this won't be the place for you. If like me, however, you appreciate good food in all settings, then get down to Los Argentinos. 

With more of a cafe vibe than a restaurant, this is a relaxing place to grab an excellent steak. 

And Argentinian Steak is what this place is all about, yes there are Grilled Chicken and Fish options on the menu, but the steak is the real speciality. 

For starters we had Empanadas, which are mini pastie-shaped samosa like affairs. One spicy mince & peppers etc the other spiced vegetables.  A good, authentic starter. 

We also had the Grilled Tiger Prawns which were absolutely delicious, the chargrill flavour permeating throughout. 

Having ordered the Chorizo sausages to start, in one of many little aspects that characterised the superb service, the waitress pointed out that Chorizo was included in our main and asked if we wanted to change. 

The staff struck the balance of being very attentive without becoming an unwanted distraction and were very friendly.  

Back to the food, for the mains we opted for the Platas selections, which come with salad and either Chips or Jacket Potato. 

One person went for the Ribs and when they were brought out commented that she, "Couldn't possibly eat all of those". Anyway, she enjoyed them so much they were all devoured. 

Another of our party chose the peppered fillet steak which, having tried a little, was very tender and the sauce creamy. 

My brother and I shared the Mixta Platos, which was superb value. 

It is designed for two (a little like a Noah's Ark for meat lovers, 2 by 2 of everything) and came with;
Chorizo Sausage - very rich and beautifully smokey. 
Ribs - tender ribs in tangy BBQ sauce. 
Grilled Chicken Fillets - with a lovely chargrilled taste. 
Rump Steak
Sirloin Steak
Fillet Steak

The steaks were really tasty and having three cuts represented on the same plate really made you appreciate the difference. 

From the more substantial, densely packed texture of Rump, to the almost creamy smoothness of the Fillet they were all delicious in their own way. 

In fact, with the flavour of the meat, I was reluctant to use any of the sauces apart from the Argentinian staple for grilled meat Chimichurri which I had pretty much every third mouthful or so. 

We had chips & a jacket potato as sides to this meat feast.  The potato was fluffy and the chips were crisp. 

The sauces I hadn't used with the steak proved to be excellent chip dips. 

Drinks were a bottle of Malbec and a couple of Quilmes beers (Argentina's most popular) brewed since 1888 and ideal with the steak. 

If you're looking for a casual dining experience and good steaks - I recommend a visit!


(I was swung to give 5 stars rather than 4 due to the balance of quality of food and value for money)
There is one question you need to ask yourself before heading here, do you like steak?

If you answer anything other than yes and drool at the very thought, then possibly Los Argentinos is not for you. This is the best place to get steak in Edinburgh and it is very reasonably priced as well. The interior of the restaurant is very basic and looks a bit dated however the steak makes up for this.

If I had one criticism it would be the drinks selection available, in many ways it would be better to run the place as a purely bring your own bottle establishment, however this isn't a pub/bar (if you want a drink the Cask and barrel is just up the road) it is a place where you get glorious steak!
Glad to say this place lived up to the hype. Amazing steak, service and starters. I would highly recommend this place, can not wait to go back. The staff are so friendly, will do anything for you and very attentive. I recommend the main for 2 people, I can't remember what it's called but you get a mix of three steaks, ribs, chicken, chorizo and salad. Oh and the chips, come in a massive bowl, yum.
Had dinner here last week and once again it surpassed itself in service and food. Three of us went again and ordered the huge menu option which is for two people but they customized it for three. Basically you get three smaller than average steak cuts each, chorizo sausage, BBQ ribs, chicken breast a side salad and a massive bowl of fries. All of which is truly delicious and devoured. On this occasion they gave us four pieces of steak each, as they recognized us and they know we drive an hour to come here. This was so nice of them and appreciated but left no room for desert this time. The fries are delicious and dunking them in the many different sauces that come with your steak is wonderful. The staff/owners are so friendly, chatty and helpful and it definitely makes come back. They offered us a free Tea/coffee or shot before leaving which was very nice. Can't wait to go back and try more items from the menu, it all sound mouth watering. As my last review for this place said, you need to go here I highly recommend this place and I am telling everyone to go. No one would be disappointed.
I stopped by on Day 2 of it's opening. All the sandwiches are served with chimichurri sauce and voila, you get the restaurant's name. There are about 5 different sandwich options as well as a few empanada choices. All the sandwiches are served on bread similar to that of a torta and when it comes right down to it, they basically are tortas-served on a loaf rather than a round. Meat, cheese, lettuce, peppers, mayo...if it tastes like a torta, looks like a torta, it is one. And I think this is where the restaurant will stumble. Sandwiches here go around $9.00 (accompanied by a smattering of fries). For a slightly lower price, you can go to the numerous Mexican restaurants that serve a far superior sammy.  The chimichurri sauce is solid but they need to mix it up (different flavor profiles, etc) if they want to make it for the long haul.
I have tried everything on the menu except the Chimmie Chicken. That is next. So far not a loser in the bunch. Homemade everything. The Bread is great and the sandwich is even better. Menu is small but I say do a few items really well rather then a bunch mediocre. This the do very well! The Provoleta cheese is awesome! An Empanada for $2.49 can't beat that anywhere. 

I will let you know once I have tried the Chimmie Chicken but until then go and try them you will not be disappointed.
Not a fan. Fries didn't taste good and didn't like the taste of the sandwiches at all. 

I won't be coming back.
Just ok.  Chicken empenada was good, but given its size should have cost closer to $1 not $2.39.  Sandwich wasn't very memorable.  Might try it again after they have a chance to work out the kinks.
As I drove by this location I noticed that the city had what appeared to be yet another sandwich restaurant.  For some reason though I still looked it up and found out that it was actually a South American sandwich place; my interests was then piqued.  This place is next to Curry in the Box in strip mall nettled in a nook off Fish Hatchery.  Walking in I was greeted by the owner of this new place.  It is a nice sized place and somewhere I could see myself stopping in for in the summer.

The place has a very small menu.  If I remember correctly there are fries, sandwiches, and empanadas.  Not a sandwich person so I ordered fries and empanadas.  The fries are Argentinean style (apparently that is a thing) and are topped with eggs.  They have only 3 or  4 different types of empanadas so I decided to order one of each type; they were fairly small.  

I think the fries would have been better off eaten at the restaurant.  I say this because by the time I got home, which mind you is literally two minutes away, they looked like fries with hard scrambled eggs on them.  In the picture in the restaurant however they looked to be soft scrambled eggs; I think I would have preferred this more.  Of the empanadas that I ate the only memorable one was the chicken.  It had nice sized cubed pieces in it.  

I love to try to places and especially like supporting smaller places like this but I don't think I will add this place to my rotation.  I had the gnarliest stomach ache after eating here. It could be that it was something else or that I order 4 items that were pretty much deep fried who knows.  I just wasn't as impressed as I expected to be. With that said however, this place is pretty close to me so I could see myself walking down there and ordering an fries or an empanada if I'm in the mood.
I was not sure what to expect until I walked into Chimmies.  The place looks very professional with sharp colors and clean menu. We tried the 2 panini sandwiches of turkey and ham (which were really good) and a vegi and chicken empanada.  Those were tasty as well.  I will be back soon to try there regular sandwiches and venenzuelan style fries.
I had the Chimmie Chimmie, and it was incredibly good. The flavors and taste are very unique. There are a million sub places in Madison and surrounding areas, but the ones you want to go to are the ones who offer something different, while still being delicious. Chimmies is one of those, and it will be on my short list of places to go when I want a sub. My wife had the Hot Press Roast Beef and she enjoyed it as well. I had about a quarter of it, and I thought it was fantastic. The bread was nice and flaky but fluffy on the inside like a good hot press sandwich should be. 

The fries that came with my Chimmie tasted almost exactly like McDonalds fries. Which isn't bad, because they're pretty well known and liked. We've never actually run across fries that tasted so close to them before. 

While a bit more expensive than most places by a few dollars, you do get a full meal out of it, and again, the taste of the sandwiches is unique which is the most important thing in my book.