Cozy place with good fried food and super cheap booze.  I expected some attitude from the locals when stopping in here before a party nearby and got none--partly because we were the only folks there but also the bartender was nice as could be.

Perhaps some day I'll go back and point out the inconsistent apostrophe position in their signage and get punched in the face.
A friendly locals' dive bar.

Don't expect much, however, it's a nice enough place if you need to whet your whistle out yonder.
Due to the third annual Schizophrenia hardcore/gabber event, my friend Aaron and I found ourselves on the outskirts of Madison and in need of whiskey.  Luckily the warehouse we were destined for was by Slices' (Slice's/Slices).  Boy, oh boy, factory bars in Wisconsin pour stiff drinks!
Drinks are stiff, and the bartender is awesome.  I lived in this town for 26 years and didn't know this place existed.  Come in and ask for Justin, he'll treat you right.  He makes a mad decent Tom Collins.

The summer sausage sandwich is a pure Sconnie experience and paired with the mini corn dogs is the bees' knees.

The sound system is nice and the jukebox is deep if that matters to you.
The bar is now called Slice's. Bullit is gone (thank god). Great friendly service, great food and the owner is cute as a button. Justin no longer works there but Kimmy and Brian will treat you right. There mixology is beyond reproach. Great fish fry and even better burgers.
I can finally say that I've been to the elusive Eagle's Crest in the sticks of northeast Madison. 

Two days later, I am still struggling to digest the burger I consumed on Sunday morning. They don't even glamorize this real-deal burger with 16oz beef, 8 strips bacon and a think layer of melty cheese for $8. I can't even see how they make money.

Is it the best burger in Madison? I don't think so. It's not very well seasoned and the massive amount of meat is hard to handle. Is it an adventure in fun townie bar that has good cocktails? Yes.
Horrible service.  

We went for "Taco Tuesday."  We waited for nearly 15 minutes before walking up to the bar to ask if we could get some service.  "I thought you were helped" the lady grunted at me as she took our order.  She was the only bar keep in the place.  Must have an Alzheimer's style memory. 

Nearly 10 minutes later our drinks showed up.  We witnessed others get their food that had ordered after we did.  We ordered the taco special, so being "Taco Tuesday," one would think these would be readily available.  

Finally after 1/2 hour, we got our food tossed on the table.  The personable waitress didn't notice our drinks were empty, so I had to walk the glasses to the bar to get them refilled.  While waiting quietly, some Harley- riding local came in and he was greeted like royalty.  He barged right in front of me and he got served pronto. The bar tender went to him like files to a fresh pile of doo.   Thanks.

Looks like the only way you'll get served here is if you are known by the employees, ride a Harley, have more tattoos than stripper convention or poor hygiene.

The food was decent. At  $5.75 for a taco, the price was awesome.  I'd go back if it weren't for the lousy service.  Maybe I should buy  a new Electra-Glide next time I want a taco.
This place was gross and depressing.  We live nearby, but I will avoid ever going back.  We went to Taco Tuesday and were greeted with horrible service and even worse food.  I did not come here expecting anything nice or classy, so even with low expectations I left feeling slightly down and depressed from this sad place.
I try to not speak like a rapper, but "haters gonna hate."

Seriously, this place is a dive bar, not a high-end french restaurant.  The servers sometimes double as bartenders.  You do not go to this place for the fast service, that is what people made McDonald's for.  You go for the 1lb. burgers!  They range from $7-$8.  How do they make money?

Is it the best burger?  No.  Is it in the top 5 of burgers that I have eaten?  Yes.  Definitely.  Everything is well thought out right down the to the bun choice.  The burgers all come with kettle chips.  I hate kettle chips.  Hate them.  You know what?  I ate theirs.  So good.  

Yeah, the service took awhile, but you do not go to a dive bar to get out of there fast.  The server was friendly and precise (I did not want onions, I did not get onions).  That care barely be said about high end restaurants.  It was nice to sit back and relax and then the burger came.  They are huge.  I had a cheeseburger.  I barely made it through half.  They are cooked medium well, but they are still so juicy.  The vegetables are fresh and generous.  I had two pieces of tomato large enough that one covered the burger.  

My friend had the bacon cheeseburger.  I could barely see the burger under the bacon.  It was amazing.  I dared not try that on my first time out.  

I can not wait to try their hot ham and cheese.  It comes with two HUGE slices of ham.  They have brunch on Sundays.  I am talking myself down from finding any excuse to go there again.
If you are craving a massive bar burger from a towny bar, this is the place to go. 
The burgers are so large that you should plan on cutting it in half and take the other half home. They are excellent!
If you order the bacon burger, you can expect at least 6 plus long stripes on bacon on it, I was completely amazed with the quantity and quality of the burger. Amazing. 

I have also been to the Eagle Crest on Taco Tuesday. Prepare yourself for the largest taco you will ever see. If you order the taco salad they give you a very large plate stacked high with chips and all the fixings. It's great. More than any one person can eat in one sitting. 

This is a bar people! Don't expect proper waitress service, the bar tenders are serving you most of the time. Just be happy that this particular bar has amazing food. 

Since this is a bar, maybe the best Bloody Mary in town. It comes in a large mug with 2 huge shrimp, a beef stick, pickle, and green olives. A meal in itself. 

If your hungry and don't want to spend a lot of money, this is the place I would suggest.
My new favorite bar.
I had gone to Eagles crest for lunch a few times and decided to take my family, from out of town, one weekend. When we arrived, there was a sign on the front door saying that it was customer appreciation day. We Bought a round of drinks and found a table to sit at. Other patrons were going through the food line which was set up at the pool table.  But my sister-in-law went To get a veggie plate, One of the female staff came from around the bar and slapped the plate out of her hand And told us that we were not welcome there. We finished our drinks and left. As we were leaving we checked the sign on door again to see if it was marked private party, but it was not. After that experience I will never go back to Eagles Crest.
Yum, yum, yum.  I felt the need to update the restaurant.  Nothing has changed and that is what I love!

Consistency is appreciate when the quality is so high.  I appreciate that their burgers are as special, juicy and flavorful as always.  They are not trying to dress up the place or make things so fancy.  The truth is, they stick to good, simply and quality food.  So thank you for staying the same and staying fabulous.
I started going here on and off about eight years ago. The pizza is the best, but the burgers (veggie and regular) are very good as well. It's bar food at its very best. Hot chips with dipping sauce are good too! There's often bands on the weekends, and the occasional lesbian after bowling league get together, but not angry, man-hating, shemales. Quite a few different groups of people get together for good beer, food and music at reasonable prices.
Grade: B Slow to no service - no big deal. Great, inexpensive food. Warning: Do not make eye contact with the angry trustfund hippies lurking about here. Enjoy!
Some of the best bar food in the state.  Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.  Entertainment is hit or miss, but at least they have some.  However, my favorite reason to go here is it serves the coldest tap beer ever!!!
Pretty cool neighborhood bar that's a lot more than just a bar.  I mean, at dinnertime on Friday night there were families eating here with lots of kids.  That's kind of weird to me.  First, I wouldn't think it would be appropriate to take young kids to a bar.  Second, I don't really want to be around kids when I go to a bar.  But everyone seemed to be perfectly happy with it, so that makes me the odd man out.  

We had burgers, and they were pretty good.  The menu had all the usual pub grub, and they also make pizzas.  Many people were eating them, but we didn't try it, so, shrug.  We also had cheese curds.  They were, well, cheese curds... (I'm sorry, I'm not a huge fan, so I can't tell the quality).  

One weird thing was that you had to go up to the side of the bar to place your order.  This made it confusing how to leave a tip.  On the table, or with the person you placed the order with?  

Overall, we enjoyed it here, but we probably wouldn't come back during dinner hour, as the atmosphere was a bit weird for us.
I go to the Harmony for their delicious walnut burgers . . . or I order take out when I don't feel like sitting in a really dark bar at 1pm in the afternoon. The Harmony is super laid back, full of young and old, the noon drinkers and the nearly dead. The bartenders are nice, they have a pool table and juke box, a few tv's.... 

I would say it's definitely more of an older crowd/neighborhood bar feel, which is pretty refreshing from the bars full of dbags on State Street. The Harmony is a solid bar.
I just want to mention that we came back on a Sunday afternoon at around 8:30.  We ordered burgers and cheese curds.  They tasted a lot like burgers and cheese curds.  I also don't think the prices are that great on further reflection.  6 dollars for a stinkin cheeseburger?  That's not great...  3 dollars for a pabst?  

But the place was kid free this time.  That's nice.  

I would give higher ratings, but some drunk regular yelled at us for ordering from the menu instead of the "board."  Unpleasant.
Harmony, I blame you for my insatiable craving for a walnut burger coupled with your hot blue cheese chips and a Spotted Cow.

Oh.My.God. Fantastic!!!

Harmony is also great as a local hang out with the neighborhood guys and gals. Super comfy atmosphere, live music, & clean bathrooms.

All very good.
The Harmony - or the Har Bar as my friends call it, is always an inviting and friendly place to have a beer.  It's a neighborhood bar in the truest sense of the word, locals walk and bike to the place which is situated in one of the greatest areas of Madison.  The food is really nice, an up-scaled bar menu.  The signature dish, the "Walnut Burger" is truly fantastic.  Forget about it as a meat-alternative, this burger is a unique creation all its own that will make you have desperate cravings.  The space is large, divided in two, one half the main bar area and the other a large space with family-style tables where groups gather and bands sometimes play at night.  Here you will find the livers of the pure Madison lifestyle celebrating their lives.  These people are happy and they might just make you happy too.
The hubby and I always default to Harmony Bar when we have a craving for a good burger and a local brew (even before noon). My favorite is the blue burger-a burger smothed in blue cheese and all the traditional toppings. The pizzas are worth waiting for-check on the days and times they'll make a pizza for you.
As always a smoke free environment is worth driving to Madison for.
I'm not a local, which means I don't really understand the appeal of the Harmony. 

Hot chips and dip? I'll eat 'em, but they're not the stuff dreams are made of. 

Old-school cafeteria-style tables? Dim lighting, rickety tables and chairs? Kids (like, aged 6 and under) running wild and telling my group of adults to stop swearing? Guess I'm just a snob. 

On the plus side, gin & tonics were $3 each on a Friday night.
Oh how I miss you, Harmony Bar!  I never miss a chance to grab a walnut burger and hot chips when I'm back in town.  

This is just a wonderful neighborhood bar.  The food is still "bar" food but it's quality, tasty and made fresh to order.  The pizza is good, too.  Good beer selection and a truly local atmosphere.  The Harmony fits right into the vibe of the neighborhood.

Oh how I miss you, Harmony Bar!
I like bars that are a little rough around the edges, but they don't usually have good food.  Harmony, on the other hand, manages to come through quite nicely in the food department.

I had a walnut burger and an order of their potato chips which they apparently make fresh.  The burger was great.  Large but not too large, a little bit messy, and just the right amount of toppings.  The chips were great too... at first.  Though I have to say that they started to feel a bit heavy about half way through.  They're still good, just be warned that if you eat an entire thing of chips your heart might explode.
If I could give the Harmony less than one star, I would. I live in the Shenk-Atwood neighborhood, so I'm not writing as an outsider. I've been to the Harmony many times, but I'm finally done being abused by the notoriously unfriendly owner, bartenders and waitstaff at the Harmony. The Harmony is worse than Seinfeld's Soup Nazi because there's no irony or humor in being treated the way the employees here treat their customers. 

I won't get into specifics. I can only say that I take pride in my neighborhood. My wife and I frequent those establishments that understand that they are part of a community and treat their paying customers as such. The Harmony is a black mark on our neighborhood, and I am ashamed that unsuspecting visitors to the quaint east side should have to endure the abusive, disrespectful and generally unapologetic service at this establishment. If you scroll down you'll read other comments about the owner's girlfriend who is now manager. The last time I was in there with a group of friends, she couldn't have been more rude or insulting. When we all said we wouldn't be back, she merely shrugged her shoulders. 

If you're visiting the East Side, there are plenty of other places that serve great food with friendly service. Alchemy, Mickey's, Wilson's, The Weary Traveller all come to mind as places that will make you feel and taste the love on the East Side.  If you're a masochist, be sure to head on over The Harmony for your daily dose of abuse. 

You've been warned. You certainly won't catch me sitting at this bar ever again.
The unfriendly atmosphere at The Harmony Bar is its biggest failing.  At first I thought it was just sarcastic "Soup Nazi" humor, but soon realized that the prevalent hostile attitude there is genuine and that it trickles down from management to employees, customers, and even performers.  I've seen bar managers there either berate customers directly or berate the bartenders who then have to try very hard not to pass that negativity on to customers.

Also, it's downright embarrassing to be an audience member there when the bar mistreats the band.  I once saw a Harmony bar manager preempt an encore performance by turning on the overhead lights, jumping up on the stage, and literally grabbing the mike from a performer to announce that the show's over and that everybody has to finish their drinks and leave.  I was floored.  It was the first time I'd ever seen anyone kick a band off the stage just because they wanted to close their bar early.  

The kitchen staff works hard, and the food is decent.  Unfortunately, this is the only bar I've ever been to in Madison where I've been asked to pay for my dinner tab up front.  (There are lots of other bars that also don't take credit cards, but they still let you run a tab.) It made me wonder if they didn't trust me to close out my tab or if they were hoping my tip would be better prior to experiencing their poor service.

In short, even on occasions when they book national acts, it's not worth going there if you're going to encounter hostility when you want something from the bar.  There are too many other fun places to go in Madison for anyone to have to put up with the miserable buzz killing atmosphere that prevails at The "Harmony".
Burgers are awesome whether you go walnut or regular. Prompt, attentive staff. Great beers on tap. No snobs and the place has a sense of humor about itself. It's good stuff.
This is where YELP gets odd - any idea the demographics for the other reviewers? 

As a neighborhood bar, yes you are expected to behave - and geez, not having easy tabs going and having to pay as you go may be a pain. But really?! there's a cash machine right next to the pool table. Do the owners have a right to close down when it's bar time, indeed. 

What a bunch of whinners!

Drinks are served well and timely. Food is good. Better than good - hot, made to order, and fresh. 

Kids are expected to behave (and ours have been reminded as have we - good for all). Do we go there for yummy, fun times with friends, yes! Are we grateful a local, privately owned business maintains it's unique flavors. Yes! 

Cheers to the Harmony!
The Harmony grows on you. For a bar of its kind (neighborhood, slightly older demographics on the whole, cheapish), the food is great. 

I am addicted to the walnut burger with cheese. It is vegetarian and one of two or three dishes I'll really miss when I leave Madison. The chips and blue cheese dip are also awesome. I've tried many other dishes on the menu, and the Harmony is great about having fresh specials, many of which are vegetarian. They've all been good to great.

I love sitting at the bar. This is a bar that no matter your gender, you can go and eat alone at and not feel odd or out of place. The bartenders (who function as servers) are neither overly friendly nor out of sight. They are attentive, but leave you appropriately alone while you are eating and drinking.

Although I don't have kids, I am often with those who have them, and this is a great place to bring kids. They can run around the back room and on Fridays, you'll find lots of other kids. 

This is also a great place to watch sports events. The other week, I called up and asked if the bartenders would put the Tour de France on for me and a couple of friends, and he said yes and gave us free reign of the large-screen tv in the back.

Oh yes--bring cash, although there is an ATM if you forget to.
The perfect place for the near-east side. Good to very good drinks (depending on the bar tender) and yummy pub food -- especially the walnut burger. It has a workaday feel, with a side of liberal politics and an accepting and welcoming attitude. Somehow it's not overpopulated with posers which makes it just about my favorite place in town.
I see that all the negative reviews for this business have been flagged. To those thinking of trying this establishment: READ THE FLAGGED REVIEWS. You will have a far more balanced and accurate assessment.
Attended Harmony bar to watch the Peoples Brothers Band.  The band was great and I was awarded 3rd place in their costume contest.  I ordered several drinks at this establishment and it was never clear to me what the beer selections were. Regardless, the bartenders seemed friendly enough and it was a fun place for a show.
Who is flagging down all the one-star reviews for The Harmony Bar? To anyone considering patronizing this establishment: read the flagged reviews.
I've had some decent experiences here throughout my life.  Many friends work there etc.  Good neighborhood spot.  Solid 7/10 bar food that won't blow your mind.  Some servers and bartenders are nicer than others.  Also this place has some good live music and is somewhat famous for blues acts.  It's a good place to go if you live in the hood but I would skip if if you are visiting.
I would go here all of the time when my boyfriend was at UW.  So good, smells like an old bar.  A real old fashioned wooden bar soaked in booze.  I love it.

Has a pool table and most of all the 5 star rating is for the walnut burger.  I use to be a vegetarian and I would dream about eating that thing, better than meat any day of the week.

I use to use to...
  

Good times :)
I had a walnut burger coupled with your hot blue cheese chips...it was ok.
This is a classic Wisconsin Tavern and I enjoyed watching football at the Harmony.  No bullshit here.
The service is absolutely horrible. The staff is rude and acts put out by your mere presence!
Ventured in to the Harmony to celebrate the closing of my new house; turns out it's located about 1.5 blocks from my new pad, so I have a feeling I'll be getting more familiar with The Harmony.

What a cool place. Awesome bar, plenty of seating, live music (although with a cover charge...boo), great beer selection, and really solid food.

I tried the classic cheeseburger; patties were hand-formed and cooked to a perfect medium. Cheese curds came from a bag, but were some of the better ones I've ever tried. The house-made pub chips were excellent.

A small group of us ate and drank for a few hours; the total tab came to just over $60, which is an absolute bargain. Service was prompt and efficient, making for a great overall experience.

I'll be back (a lot)!

Oh, and check out the daily food specials - looks like they have some inventive and interesting options!
Great local place in the Atwood neighborhood. Pizzas are amazing, as are the pretzels. Keith and staff do a great job. Plenty of local brews on tap.
I'm truly a carnivore at heart, but the walnut burger at The Harmony is quite spectacular & totally unique - great flavor, great texture and totally satisfying. Paired with a side of hot chips & blue cheese dip, you've got a delicious and memorable meal.
This is my neighborhood bar. It is dependable and predictable. My favorite dish is the chicken breast plate with the Asian noodles. The chicken is moist and flavorful every time. I love their homemade chips with blue cheese but I try to steer clear. I always pray that someone else at the table will order them and I can sneak a few . Stolen food has no calories... Really.
This is one of those places that you  feel welcome and relaxed as soon as you get there. I enjoy the food, the walnut burger was super different and interesting, and although I prefer the beef it was fun to try something different.
The rest of the food was as good as bar food gets, but the staff and general feel of the bar (I love the old school jukebox!) makes it 5 stars for me.
First rate bar food, better than many restaurants and priced right. You cant go wrong. Under new ownership but this hasn't affected quality. Great blues bar too.
Good bar food. Cash only . Seat yourself first come first sere. The walnut burger was decent and had the warm chips and blue cheese dips was not bad . Very cozy place with banquet style seating.
Beer selection is ok. Good room for seeing bands - sound was great. However, majority of the male staff here is unapologetically rude & disrespectful. Aging sports neanderthals that could care less that you're there.  

Don't waste your time - spend your money at Mickey's Tavern or Crystal Corner instead.
I've been to the Harmony several times before, but last night was the first time I've been there for live music, and also the first time I tried their famed Walnut Burger.

First, you should know that the Harmony is indeed a bar. If you go expecting an upscale "gastro-pub" experience of chic bar food, then you will be disappointed. There are no waiters, and you seat yourself. You order food and drinks at the bar, and  a food runner brings out your order when it's ready. Its got a dive bar atmosphere, and the interior is pretty run down. 

After fighting for a table due to the crowd that was rapidly accumulating in anticipation of that evening's band, my friends and I perused the menu. It contains primarily stereotypical bar food (burgers, fries, onion rings, etc), but there are a few exceptions. There are several vegetarian options, including veggie nachos, so if you're a non meat eater, you would probably find lots of things to order at The Harmony. Most notably, The Harmony offers a walnut burger. I'm told they're famous for it, so I ordered the walnut burger with blue cheese and a side of homemade potato chips with "Bleu Cheese Dip". (What can I say, I really, really love Blue Cheese!) It took awhile for the food to come out, so we drank beer while we waited. Our table of about 10 people ordered 3 pitchers to share. I am not sure what all of them were, but in honor of the WI bar experience, I stuck to PBR. It was as good as PBR can be.

Onto the food: The blue cheese walnut burger came topped with a creamy blue cheese sauce in addition to blue cheese crumbles, rather than plain blue cheese crumbles like I had been anticipating. It also came with onion, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. The lettuce and tomato were exceptionally fresh and ripe looking. I was really impressed, especially by the tomato (it was actually red!). I bit into it and was immediately transported to blue cheese heaven. It was fantastic. I will qualify this praise with the statement that the reason I loved this burger so much was largely a result of the copious blue cheese flavor. I am not sure the walnut burger itself was why it tasted so great. The chips were also awesome. They arrived piping hot. Some were crunchy and others were chewier. It was clear that they were made to order. The Bleu Cheese Dip they came with was similar to what came on my burger, and as a result, was amazing. 

We ate as the band played and just reveled in how fun the whole experience was. By the way, the band was great! It was a Rockabilly group called The Fast Clydes. If you like that style of music, I couldn't recommend them more. They had a ton of energy and knew how to work the crowd. I had a blast. 

All this said, there are a few things that I think The Harmony could improve upon. First off, the tables in the main dining area are plastic. They're the exact same tables that you played beer pong on in college. I feel like The Harmony excels in spite of its dive bar atmosphere, and not necessarily because of it. Therefore, if they invested just a little bit of money to spruce up the interior, I think they would see a return. The Atwood area is still rocking that hippie vibe, for sure, but more and more, I am noticing newer and more upscale establishments. To me, that says that there's probably a market for it and the times, they are a changin'. Also, I don't mind ordering food and drinks at the bar. However, I think The Harmony would benefit from offering table service, at least during shows on Friday and Saturday night. I have only ever been to The Harmony with a group, and it sucks to have to walk away from the conversation to get another beer, a process which can take 10 or 15 minutes if it's crowded. All-in-all, these drawbacks are minor, and I'll be back at The Harmony many times this summer!
It's been nearly a year since I've become somewhat of a "regular" here, so it's probably time for an update.

+ New ownership/management, effective sometime late last year
+ Same 'ole Harmony - big bar, plenty of seating, plenty of televisions

+ Decent tap list, ever-changing, although staples remain constant (Cow, PBR, Bells)
+ Appetizers are where it's at here. Pub chips, curds, etc - all are very good

- Specials are hit-or-miss; some are great, some are a bit less than great
- Pizzas; I'm not a huge fan of them. Too much cheese, sweet sauce, and just not super stellar. Pricey, to boot.

- Last visit was a bit funky, quite literally. It was quite sultry inside; as if the A/C wasn't on, or couldn't keep up. Then the Harmony's softball team arrived, fresh from an evening of playing... and the place started to funk-up, odor-wise. Adding insult to injury, the bar staff and kitchen became overwhelmed... I sort of agree with Chopper C's assessment of the male bartenders - they're quite surly and often seem very perterbed, especially when the place is busy like it was earlier this week. 

+ Pub chips were great, as usual
+ Marinated salmon Cesar salad was good; salmon a bit over-cooked and grey, but still tasty
+ Whitehouse Smoked Turkey sandwich was outstanding

- Cash only
- No Fish Fry on Fridays
- Odd hours/conditions around pizza availability
Nobody's reviewed this place yet?? Probably because nobody knows it exists. I didn't know myself. I could barely even find the place.

What a cool divey bar/restaurant. I along with my coworkers all ordered burgers and they didn't disappoint. While not the best burger I've ever had it was moist and delicious. Apparently the burgers are saturated in Burgundy while on the grill which gives them their flavor.
Fries do not come with, which is always annoying, but we ordered a mix basket with onion rings and fries and it was quite tasty. 

Only down note; halfway through the meal my coworker claimed he found a long hair in his burger that he swore up and down wasn't his. Being a self-proclaimed "goat", he ate the burger anyway. I know this would warrant an immediate look of disgust and a one star rating by some....but shit happens. Hair gets in burgers. I'll give the place the benefit of the doubt. 

But if you are repulsed by such things, I would encourage you to come here anyway if only to have a drink, the place is pretty cool.

Oh and they do not accept credit cards, so bring some cash if you do not want to be charged a $2 fee from the ATM offered inside.
Been going to Harvey's for years.  The place is a dump, but it is my kind of dive.  You have to get the Wineburger.  You won't be sorry!  One of the best burgers I've had.
Ok, first time I was here was for lunch. I had the cheeseburger and it was one of the best hamburgers I had ever had. Noticed the pool, darts, pinball, golden tee, and ancient bowling game and thought I would take my friends back there and share this incredible place. 

two days later, for dinner and drinks, 3 of us went in and saw only one person working on a Friday night. She was cooking, bartending, handling money, scratching her head, shaking hands, cleaning bar tops, running dishes, etc.... did I mention she did not wash her hands once during this whole time? We ate our dinners, disgustedly, thinking how an inspector would shut the place down immediately if they saw it. She was entertaining, all over the place, yelling, throwing things, etc. I'm pretty nieve, and didn't know until my buddy told me that she was on meth at that time. So there we have it, a restaurant I thought would be a new favorite with a methead bartender that doesn't observe any food safety laws or regulations.

I'll be getting my hepititis c test next week. (joking.... kinda)
So me and my buddy (coworker who is hourly) decide to go to lunch today.  What's the catch?  We don't know where to go.  We decided to go somewhere we haven't tried before that was off the beaten path. Enter Harvey's. Er, well, actually we did the entering.

We get into the place and it is a narrow bar with a line of tables to the right. We sit. We wait.  Finally, after much gab, the Waitress/Bartender comes up to our tables and says 'Hi' then proceeds to stare at us.  Anticipating the usual question 'Can I start you guys off with something to drink'  I order an RC cola and my buddy does the same.  She recommends the Cheeseburger so thats what we get.  I also ordered a mixed basket because (FOR SOME STRANGE REASON) fries aren't included with the burger! THIS IS AMERICA PEOPLE!!!!!

Along with the burger and fries, we got a lot of time to chat.  and I mean a LOT.  They sure are generous with time!!! Eventually, I ask her to put it in To Go containers and they give us the fries and cokes free.

Also, just a side note.  Please eat your food before coming on to Yelp and reading reviews about the food you are eating.  Some of these reviews almost made me vomit... almost.
OK so I went with Chris T. here and here is the thing. . . I have a rule when it comes to food establishments and this place does follow suite. Most often than not the little mom and pop shop hole in the wall. . (( and this place is what I consider a "dive / hold in the wall". . )) usually have really good food. 

So here is my review. And I will have to break it down into categories. 

---------Environment:****
Here's the deal. If you enjoy tennis, chess, and polo. This "aint" your spot. If you are comfortable with wobbly tables, hard chairs the sound of beer bottles tossed into a trash can .  .then keep reading.  
Harvey's Wineburger reminds me of Stag's Head bar. In case you don't remember that's the name of the place on Dukes of Hazard? Ok well the waitress was no where near the same looks as daisy but she had a mom and pop shop charm about her. Smiles and jokes were readily available. Chris T. and I were rather excited about possibly finding a new "joint" to hang out at and writing a good review. I ordered the Cheese Wineburger and Chris ordered the Super Cheese Wineburger. She mentioned something about the fries and onion rings because we would get more for cheaper or something. I didn't really hear but Chris said sure and that was good enough for me.  

---------The Wait: ---------**

As we walked in the door it we found a dark bar with a grill on the left. We sat our selves hoping someone would notice. There were a couple people in there that looked like regulars chatting away about something to the line cook and I think that is what our down fall was. The food was late and the waitress right off the bat apologized as she gave us our to-go bag as we requested after franticly watching the clock. She tossed in the drinks and fries for free because of the wait.  There was a long wait for the order. I believe it was the cool jibber-jabbin to the regulars that hung up the order. 

---------The Food: --------- *****

If it came only to the food I would give this review 5 stars. The burgers were stacked high like it was going for a photo-op.  I like my fries a little crispy and thought they were perfect. I'm not into soggy fries. 

I have to make a comment on the other reviews. These are the ones about the lack of hygiene comments. This is referring to one night that they were extremely understaffed on a Friday night. I have to ask you if you ever worked in a restaurant.  I hate to tell you but that is more common than you think. Even when I worked in a 4 star restaurant at a resort. Ever watch Hells Kitchen.  .yeah. . Stick your finger in my food and see if the meat is done. . Thanks. .

I have to say I have not made a final thumb up or down. Next time I go there for lunch "and I plan on going back" I will call ahead and order. My only issue with this place was the wait for the food. The staff was friendly in a down home manner.  The food was really good, and my only issue was the wait. 

---------Over all score: --------- ****
 look for another review at some point. I'm not firm on this. I will have to see if the time service issue is the same next time. 

Until next time. . keep the groove and be cool.  .
This place is The S%&t!!!

Yep, it's a dive and the sanity level can be questionable BUT

The burgers are awesome, in fact there is no need to order anything else.  The grill stays on so long as people are ordering food.  I have never once gotten sick from eating here.  They have a good pour, not crazy and not chintzy.  The price is right, there is ample parking and the staff are friendly.

The jukebox is a great deal.  I dare you to put a 5 in this eclectic machine.  Your selections will be playing long after you leave.

I would not ever recommend Harvey's if you are on a time constraint.  This a place outside of time for you to hang back in when you have the time to hang.  It's laid back, sit down and let the bartender know you are there.  Everything else will take care of itself.
I  had the same experience as John V in that there was only one person working and "She was cooking, bartending, handling money, scratching her head, shaking hands, cleaning bar tops, running dishes, etc.... read more »did I mention she did not wash her hands once during this whole time? We ate our dinners, disgustedly, thinking how an inspector would shut the place down immediately if they saw it. She was entertaining, all over the place, yelling, throwing things, etc." on our day, she was so drunk/on it, that she poured at least half a bottle of wine on our burgers and side of onions, but they were tasty, the most yummy burger and sauteed onions (they ended up purple!) i've ever had. it was so delicious i forgot about how unsanitary the place was...to bad she's the only one who cooks the burgers like that, must be the altered state 'o mind. i'd go back again, after a few drinks.
People really need to understand where they are going and the role the place is supposed to fulfill.  I find it funny that all three of the negative reviews mention how the food was great and the environment is chaos.  That is what they do at Harvey's.  Apparently everyone who went got Polly, who is ridiculously hilarious and a lot of fun, not on meth, not drunk, just really interesting from the chemicals produced inside her own head.  Personally, I prefer Monty, he is a sarcastic fifty-something Midwesterner who cooks one of the best burgers I have ever had (sorry, better than Polly), mixes a mean Manhattan, tells awesome stories and will simultaneously insult you, shake your hand and discount your drink.  When the bowling game is functional it promotes awesomely competitive tournaments and if you take over the jukebox the moment you arrive you create your own ambience.  Bring a friend, split the Super Wineburger with Cheese and an order of Chicken Fingers, leave happy.  Wash, Rinse, Repeat as desired. The only reason I would consider bumping it down a star is that I am normally a devout beer drinker and they only have Budweiser and something (I believe coors) light on draft.  Don't care, cheap cocktails and Midwestern bitterness save the day.
this place is sooooooooooooooooo GOOOD.

the drinks are awesomely cheap, and they have an atm to take out all of your money to spend on so much booze because they only take cash. 

monty is probably the coolest bartender to have ever walked the earth, and he always tells us he missed us whenever we come back. he tells us strange anecdotes about his life, that are hilarious and involve things that would probably send most people to therapy. and he makes the BEST burger i have ever tasted. seriously the best burger i have ever tasted. the best. the onion rings are so good too. 

all the denny's waitresses from down across the street come hang out after (and before?) work. they have a couple of pool tables, and this sweet-ass old-school bowling game that costs like, a quarter and is old and made of wood, which instantly makes it awesome. and it sounds awesome. 

AND! if all that wasn't enough to make this the greatest bar ever, they also have twilight zone pinball, which is THE BEST PINBALL GAME OF ALL TIME. we have won so many free games on that thing. everyone probably gets weirded out because we play pinball wizard by the who on the jukebox while we play.

except one negative. whenever monty (awesome) isn't working, some other cracked out babe works and she always closes the damn place at like 1, which is SO annoying (we're talking fridays and saturdays here--monty stays open til at least 2 even on tuesdays). and she always forgets our change and orders and everything else, really. and makes us feel like we're cracked out just by watching her.

basically, just go when monty is working (he looks like the guy painted on the wall next to the smoking area).
I have been wanting to try this place for a while once I realized that it was actually still in business and not an abandoned building. My friend told me they had great burgers and I was like damn that place is open.  Than I figured I would give it a shot because I love a great burger and supporting local independent businesses.    

The cheeseburger was great.  It looked like the standard size is 1/3 lb.  It had a great char on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside.  I got the mixed basket of fries and onion rings which is enough for 2.  If you read some of my previous reviews you know I don't like to share fries so you know this was a big size of fries and onion rings.  Another great thing is that it was inexpensive $5 for the cheeseburger, $4 for the hamburger and $4 for the rings and fries.  

If you watch Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network they would refer to this place as a Dive and I think the people their would not mind.  The entrance was a metal door that didn't even have a door knob.  It was really dark on the inside and like most places in central Phoenix it was a small space.  It took about five minutes to get someone to notice us.  Once we got the attention of the waitress she was apologetic and seemed very nice.  The booths were really small and seemed to be made by someone who got a C in shop class.  The funny thing is about half way through our meal my girlfriend and I noticed that it was an about a 99% AARP crowd, even the employees.  I guess only the cool Gen X and Y know of the place.  

I will definitely be back again and again!!!  

P.S. BRING CASH BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!!!!
I have read the reviews on here, and decided to chime in.  First off, I like Harvey's.  Do I go to Harvey's all the time?  Nope.  But I enjoy the burgers and the simplicity of the place.  I have probably been there 15 times over the past 3 years, so this is a culmination of all of those meals.

Everyone talks about the decor (or lack thereof).  The inside of the place is DARK (especially when compared to most places in Phoenix).  When you leave the place during the day, make sure you have sunglasses.  After your eyes spend so much time adjusting to the lack of lighting, the sun feels like inmates coming out of solitary confinement for a month.  While the decor gets 0 stars from the Zagat type crowd, I find some sort of enjoyment with how beat down it is.  In fact, if they spruced it up, I probably wouldn't like it as much.  It is a true dive bar.

The service isn't great, but it isn't what I would call bad.  It isn't like they screw everything up, but it is a bit slow.  If you are in a hurry to eat (like most Americans on lunch hour), then maybe you should go to McDonald's across the street.

Finally, the burgers.  They are great.  Quality meat, good cheese, and plenty of char.  I never found the food unsanitary, but I have also been to Brazil, so the food here is always more sanitary.  I am not a fan of the fries (got to Delux, Gordon Biersch, or Cafe Bink if you want truly great fries), but the onion rings are good (not as good as Ted's Hot Dogs, though).  I love the fact that they have RC Cola.  I have only had drinks there 1 time.  They make them stiff, and will impair your judgement quickly if you aren't careful.  They have a heavier hand in pouring than most college bars.

Overall, I recommend it if you like dingy bars and a good burger.  Sure, there are better burgers in town, but this is pretty unique.  A little more seasoning could be used, but it isn't bad the way it is.
Running errands near Camelback a few Fridays ago, I found myself STARVING, yet having several more stops on my itinerary. The Yelp application on my iPhone (insert shameless plug here) showed that Harvey's was right around the corner, and with a swing of the wheel, I was pulling up to their dilapidated storefront. 

Being alone, I bellied up to the bar, which was packed at 2:00 PM on a Friday. I still had work to get done that afternoon, so I had to stick with an RC Cola (yes, you read that correctly.....RC Cola). Let me just tell you that I was the only person in the place that didn't have a beer in hand. Happy hour (and the weekend, apparently) had arrived early at Harvey's. 

Just a quick moment on the very eclectic crowd that filled this place. On my left were two appliance repairmen. On my right was a gentlemen that was pushing 80. At the pool tables were a group of what looked like college kids. Their common bond was the beer they were all putting away. I immediately made plans to return on a coming Friday afternoon, with friends in tow, and be a part of this very diverse, day drinking crowd. 

Now, onto the food, which is why I stopped by in the first place. I wasn't sure what a "wineburger" is and I can't fully say that, even now, I understand. All I know is that I ordered their standard wineburger and that it was grilled fresh for me, right at the bar. 

The burger took about 15 minutes to cook and I could pretty much watch them prepare it. The same person that took my order (and delivered beers to all my fellow patrons) prepped and cooked the burger. It was fresh ground meet, pressed into a patty and they regularly pressed it into the grill with her spatula. Ultimately, it was served up on a fresh bun, which crisp lettuce, onions pickles, and melting cheese. 

Let me tell you that this burger was FRESH. Grease was still dripping off the sides of it. There were cracks in the edge of the burger, where they had been pressing it down into the grill. I actually had to wait a couple of minutes to eat it, as it was still TOO hot. I'm not sure of where you're going to go and get a burger that is cooked that fresh, right in front of you, and then immediately handed to you. Probably one of the freshest hamburgers that I've ever had prepared (in which I wasn't actually grilling it myself). 

The onion rings were straight out of the boiling oil and too hot to eat. (I'm sure my doctor does not approve of this meal). All the condiments I could ask for were delivered promptly. The burger was hot, with just the right amount of grease, and full of flavor. This was as close to home-made as you can get.
Yup, I'm a fan!!  Seriously, how have I never been here.  My friend used to live in the area and she told me about 6-7 years ago that this place was good.  It just looks kinda scary from the outside.  I mean I felt like once I walked in, the music would stop and everyone would look at me.  I climbed that mountain and finally visited with the BF last Friday.  We almost turned away because we didn't have cash on us, and didn't feel like hitting the ATM inside, I mean we got back in the car, talked for a second and then said what the heck!  

Walked in to a tiny little place with a LONG bar!  There were probably 4 people at the bar, and 3 people in the game room playing pool.  They had the classic MLB game on, it was like Blue Jays and Astros, funny uniforms! It was maybe 2pm.  So the bartender says, What can I get for you?  My dumbazz says "Can I see a menu", this is where the music would have stopped.  WHOOPSY, there really isn't a menu, its kind of like a snack bar, where you look up, make your choice and its done.  Burger or Dog, Fries, Onion Rings or both!! DUH!  The bartender was nice though, I wanted draft the BF wanted bottle so he suggested I get a small pitcher, it's the cheapest way to go...SOLD! Don't have to pull my leg, thats for sure!  

So, I ordered the cheeseburger, and the BF orders the gigantic chili burger, which was reduced to the smaller one by recommendation of the friendly bartender. BF sort of put up a fight, but the bartender assured him it would be plenty and if not, the next one was on him.  This turned out to be plenty for him, and I was thankful too, we had a long night ahead of us.  Much to our surprise, although I'm not sure what else we were thinking, bartender grabs a handful of meat slaps it on the flat top smooshes it down, and thus our burgers were born and cooking.  I mean, for real?  Man it was soo good, greasy yes, but everything a burger should be!  The last bite of course was the best, it had me looking for my other half, since I always cut those suckers in half.  I don't eat burgers often, but I can't wait to take my dad here, I might have finally found one place in town he's never been too.

While we were finishing up, a couple came in and sat next to us, who appeared to have just finished a golf game.  They ordered shots of Patron, I don't know how we got out without doing one with them.  The lady on the other side of us was getting her car washed next door so she said she comes in every time.  It was funny because the guy next to her, was hitting on her, and instead of asking her what she did for a living he asked her what her talents were!!  FUNNIEST thing ever!  Anyway, great place, great dive bar atmosphere!  Casual is as casual does.
This is one of those places that is hard to quantify. 

The atmosphere is dark, dreary and dirty and our waitress was tweeking.

The burgers are very good, no doubt about that. Every else sucks though; the  fries are bland, even the soda tasted stale and watered down. 

I can't comment on the beer as I didn't have any. 

There's nothing like a good dive bar/restaurant. Unfortunately, this is just a dive minus the positive adjective. 

The burgers are good enough to merit a 3 start in my opinion.
Wineburger is one of those places you know you can go to when you need a decent bite to eat at a fair price.  The cheeseburger is decent - standard bun, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and cheese (no onion for me, thanks)... but little flavor.  My lunch companion said she tasted the flavor of the red wine but I couldn't.  The fries were surprisingly good, and the basket was enough to feed at least three people.  My iced tea was strangely bland, watered down, and sour, but not entirely unpleasant.  Our waitress was really good, though - attentive, friendly, and all-around pleasant.  Another important thing to note is they are a cash-only establishment.  They do have an ATM, though.  I don't think I'll ever find myself craving a burger from Wineburger, but if I find myself around 16th St. & Camelback without any other options, I'll likely stop in for a quick bite.
If your looking for ambience or atmosphere, turn away. If your looking for a fantastic burger then this is your bag. I'd recommend takeout, that way you can enjoy the awesome burgers in a nice environment. When I first walked in, I felt like I was in Cheers and WAY out of place. I'm no rookie to the local hole-in-the-wall restaurant, so it didn't bother me so much. I ordered the normal Harvey Burger. The bartender/cook/probaby owner or something, pulled out the patties (which had been marinating in red wine and garlic, yum) and slaps em on the flat top grill. He then squirts on even more red wine as the burgers are cooking. I don't recall the price, but it wasn't too bad. Overall, great burger.
This is the second time that I've been in this place and it hasn't changed in the last few years.  This place is a bit on the scummy side but the burgers are good.   I'm sure there are better places to go but the prices are fair and the service is always friendly.   

I'm a fan but it will be another few years until I'm back again.
This is what I call a real dive bar. And truth be told I like to find a hole in the wall or dive bar to sometimes escape to. Yet I'm certain this one has probably seen better days. 

The bartenders are nice folks, the regulars I met were pleasant people and even friendly. The well liquor is rather bad, so I guess that makes the happy hour prices fair $2.50 for well drinks & $2 for beer. 

They serve food but I didn't try anything. Overheard they were having some cooler problems so I decided to pass. Most of what is on the menu will set you back about $8 bucks. But I saw that their burgers are hand formed not the frozen pressed blocks of beef so they might be as good as some people report.

They have really nice TVs and a few of them if you wish to watch something. 

But even though I want to like the place for being a dive bar steps from Camelback Road and holding on, truth is I have been to better dive bars with better menus and well drinks. Hang in there Harvey's.
Interesting place - the bartender and cook were so friendly!  The burger was good, but not great!  The locals at the bar were quite a mix of people - interesting for people watching...
Don't let the looks fool you, the grill is great here. The Reuben is as good as any I've had. I like it here to get out of the bright desert heat and have a cold draft to cool my heels for a few. The specialty is the Weinburger grilled 'ground chuck soaked in wine' on an ample bun. They've been around for a long time for a reason; lots of personality.
That old bar smell.

This goes way beyond dive bar.  I commented to my friend about the couple on barstools, 'those two are "leaving las vegas'!"   

Does any establishment need 40 taped up signs warning the would-be patron of their rules:  "NO CREDIT CARDS" --and someone wrote by hand, 'EVER'.  and "NO GUNS" and multiple "NO SMOKING" 

I ate the burger and I lived, though the meat tasted old I figured it was soooooo overly cooked that I probably was safe.

...Jesus!  I just read the review about them having cooler "problems".
The menus are greasy.
The burgers are greasy.
They only take cash. 
Real cheese.
They'll let you drink the cooking wine if you ask nicely/persistently.
The beer is cheap.
Good soda syrup/carbonation ratio. 
Monty is A W E S O M E. 
Sleazy, sad, and mostly dark. 

The bottom line here is that this place predates your Delux burgers, Fatburgers, Vig uptown or downtown, or bougie artisan pizza joint by possibly a thousand years. Alas, this is true Phoenix- the Phoenix that existed when we were acres of orange groves, palm trees, peacocks, canals, and farmland. Way back when Phoenix was modestly larger than Palm Springs and a burger was a burger. 

And if the state of affairs at Harvey's bothers you, well, then it may be time to look inward my friend. :)
Yes, it's a dive bar. But it's one of the most interesting dive bars I've ever been to.
They only have 2 beers on draft, and only about 10 items on the menu. But it's just such an interesting place to hang out and play pool, darts, pinball, or the old bowling machine.
The staff are always very friendly (although some are a bit more wild and crazy than others).
All in all, the best dive in Phoenix.
Recommended by a co-worker, and out looking for some grub I decided it was worth a shot.  Definitely a dive as described, but reasonably full so I stayed.  The service was a little slow, and the food kind of blah, but the cheese wineburger was decent if bland.  The chili cheese fries came out on a huge plate and the fries were not great, the chili tasted like it came from a can, but the cheese and onions were real and fresh.  I didn't realize it was RC Cola, which I did not enjoy, but the price was good and it was an interesting place to sit and people watch.

/overheard "I don't do anything downstairs!"
Kind of a depressing dive bar - not really my kind of hangout.  If I liked the burger, I'd recommend only ordering it to go.

I went with a patty melt, and was not impressed.  The whole cooking with wine concept may seem like a good idea, and it does make for a slightly interesting flavor, but I wouldn't call it good.  Aside from the wine flavor, the meat wasn't very good anyway, just like the other fixins and the fries.  Combined with the atmosphere and general grungy feeling (I don't know how sanitary the place is, but I wouldn't bet on it passing inspection), I definitely won't be back.
As the saying goes, don't judge a book by its cover...we walked into this place having many stereotypes like oh man, its gonna be a dive bar or u know...we're gonna be the only asians eating at this place, but it was GREAT. The lady at the bar was extremely nice and she even cooked our wine burgers right in front of us! Might be a poor man's version of benihana but whatever! still worth it! Definitely worth going, we went there everyday for 2 weeks straight, the wine burgers are delicious, and surprisingly so are the chili dogs! and very economical too! Awesome place
I am a dive bar expert.  I love me a good dive bar.  The darker and older the better.  The surly regulars on the fringes of society are my people.

This place is shit.  Not 'The Shit'.  Actual shit, as in a piece of crap.

We ordered wings, after the bartender bragged how they were the best in town, and the regulars started laughing about how they just cooked a bunch of fish they caught locally in the frier, and that our wings were gonna taste fishy.  Not in a "we're fuckin' with you" way, but more of a "we have no sense of self" way.

Homo say what!?!?

They did taste fishy!  We each ate only one.  Everyone was having a great time about it.  We left an entire plate of uneaten wings, and nobody gave a shit.  Fine, no problem.  

We finished our beers and left.

Even if the wings weren't trouty, they were way too big.  Bigger isn't better in the case of wings.  They aren't actually buffalo wings, and shouldnt resemble some bloated and abused fictional beast.  They should be from chickens.  SMALL CREATURES CALLED CHICKENS.


The end.
Dive bar with original bar food.
I've only been here twice and both times have had a good experience! The guy who we ordered food from was friendly, kind, and prompt. I think he could tell we were newbies, in fact, i'm sure he could tell. We ordered drinks, and then later ordered burgers and a side of onion rings to share. The onion rings were super delicious (i may be biased though because they are my favorite fried food!) and the Burgers were pretty darn good too for a dive bar. I think everyone should at least give them a chance if you like divey bars, good drinks, and yum-bar eats.
This gets a 5 Star Dive Bar rating because it excels at things that make dive bars great:

1. Cheap booze.

2. Great food. Also cheap. Go for the burgers.

3. Jukebox with a solid 70s, 80s, and 90's selection.

4. Games. Pool, darts, and a vintage bowling arcade.
Now accepts plastic!  Now accepts plastic!  Did you hear me?  Harvey's now accepts plastic!

I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now.  I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon.  Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago.  

While I love, and I do mean LOVE a good dive bar, this place scared the crap out of me.  I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head variety - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted.  Sad, really.  The ONE bar within easy drunk stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't happy going there.  During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay.  But evenings are when the freaks come out.  And I don't mean the freaks like me.  I mean the dangerous crazy ones - not just the fun crazy ones.  There's a difference!

Well, enter the new roommate.  He was disinclined to believe my review, and insisted we go.  I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour.  Maybe I was tired.  Maybe I needed a change of pace.  Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's.

YAY!  According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name.  her parents are hippies like mine), the owner has been working hard to improve the place (read: clientele) for over a year.  It shows!  

Echo is three shades of awesome - the perfect gal to be running the bar!  Easy smile, quick wit, great sense of humor and the talent to mix a great drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu.  She is a one woman show and pulls it off like a champ!

June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else.  I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat.  (Brave - cheap bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!).  The pour is solid and consistent  Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks?  For $2!!
Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger split between us.  Under $14!!  Holy hell, it's cheaper to drink here than it is at home!

And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons.  Like Cowboy who would do the splits on demand.  And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of "rodeo" with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up!
Oh - and he bestowed slightly drunk me with a new nickname.
Apparently, I am a "prick ass bitch."  I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a compliment and will wear it with pride!

Oh, yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT.
A solid 3, maybe 4.   I'll go 4 just because of the overall visit (friendly staff helped rate, burger not).  Here's the rundown.

Dive Bar, yep, that's good!   No pretty decked out chain or Sdale trend concept.  Ordinary bar, check, TV's with the game on, check.  Friendly wait/server staff, check (really nice hard working folks).  Did I say really nice hardworking folks (really good to see in this day-and-age).

Burger (the focus of my quest).  Just good, not great; darn it all, I was hoping for the meca of Cow.  3 on the Wheeler Rater sadly enough.... A better bun could have brought up the rating.  The cow itself was good, but not something that I'd remember; again, darn it!  Oh, the frys and onion rings were good....

I'll come back.  I like the place and the "feel" of it.    It's withstood the test of time, so my rating won't hurt the place:-)
Best burger in town for the price.  A well cooked 2/3 lb burger for under 7 bucks.  Good potato salad as a side.  Sort of a dive, but friendly, with two pool tables.
This place is great! The staff is very friendly & the food is great for the price. Not to mention awesome drink specials ($3 for Grey Goose anyone?), and the bartender pours with a heavy hand. 
Very eclectic music and fun arcade games, though we didn't play any. Being it a dive bar, I had my reservations of the clientele in the place, but when we all joined in for a group rendition of some 80s love songs, I knew it was all good.
New owners..would not honor living social deal. Place is scary looking. This is a real dive and I mean a BIG dive. We left and did not eat since they would not honor the deal, but you might not want to go there when the sun goes down.
This is a GREAT place to come to hit rock bottom after a long night of drinking.The first time I wound up at this place I was already plastered and someone thought it was a good idea to pop in here for "just one more". It was fun because we were messing around in the game room adjacent to the bar and dining area. They have pool and shuffleboard and this VERY old retro bowling game with plastic pins. It really was good times. They have a good jukebox and we wound up slow dancing to "Wonderful Tonight" with the smell of rancid grease in the air right as it was last call. 

Not quite as enjoyable when you're sober and/or it's still daylight.  I've been back a few times and each time have thought "God, how did I end up back here???" We actually came for food and drinks one time. Against my better judgement and because no one with me cared to intervene, I ordered a chili dog. Needless to say my intestines were doing gymnastics for the next two days trying get the horrid thing out of my system.  So I strongly advise against eating here. I am by no means a healthy eater but I think I've discovered my grease threshold here at Harvey's. 

Much like a trip to Walmart at Christown, I always feel a desperate need to bathe after I visit Harvey's. The drinks here however are VERY cheap. If you're short on cash and just need to knock back one or two you'd probably be OK here.
Came here one night after dinner at Durant's. COMPLETELY different scenes but this place is fun. Great service and cheap drinks. If you're looking for a high-class joint; this def aint your place-but if a chill neighborhood bar is what you're after, I highly recommend it.
I don't know how you people can hate on Harvey's. Do you not want a place to go to when you don't want to try hard ... or at all? It's cheap. It's fun. It's the one place I would go in public wearing Uggs. 

Sometimes I just want to go somewhere where the real alcoholics hang out, or as I like to call it: judge free zones. 

If you are a lady and are relatively attractive (ok, if you are a lady), someone is going to buy you a drink. Maybe even several drinks. Sometimes that is nice. Sometimes that is creepy. You get both kinds at Harvey's. Get what I am saying? I carry a knife/wine bottle opener and some mace for protection when I come to this joint. Not kidding. Once I couldn't find my little wine bottle doohickey, so I brought an actual kitchen knife. You just never know.

Yes, my friends think I am weird.
 
Back to Harvey's. I only have one gripe to pick. The new jukebox. Songs are sometimes a dollar. One song ... one whole dollar. What are you, iTunes? Give me back the old jukebox where songs were 25 cents.

Also, I don't care what anyone says. Harvey's burgers are freakin' awesome. Sometimes I crave them and then feel sorry for myself.
Just to be weird, I have only gone here for lunch. With Groupons.

All I can say is that a) the burgers are good b) it's so blatantly anti-yuppie that its actually appealing, and c) I need a leisure suit and a mid-70's Dodge to do this place right.
Been there a ton of times over the past 30 years. Same great burgers and fries, people, choice of bud and bud lite...  Its a dive. Great place to go for lunch but maybe not the best place to impress the ladies. 8)
I've passed this place hundreds of times, and finally came here for dinner on a Saturday evening.  This place is an unapologetic dive with a unique charm.  They do have a fun "game room" with a pool table and other bar games.  The menu is fairly limited to burgers, fries, and other traditional bar fare.  They also only have two beers on tap, Bud and Bud Light.  

I ordered the 1/3 lb. wineburger and a side of fries.  The burger was tasty but nothing to rave about.  They served a generous portion of fries, which, like the burger, were good but not outstanding.  Surprisingly the service was excellent, which may be due to it being a slow night.  The server/bartender/cook was very attentive, asked about the burger, made sure I always had a drink, and even repositioned the TV so I can better watch a preseason game.  

Overall, it was a good experience (3.5 stars if Yelp allowed halves).  The food is good (between quality fast-food and a trendy restaurant), the prices are more than reasonable, and the service was great.  If I go back, I would definitely try the 2/3 lb. burgers, which looked like a better choice.
We stopping in on Friday about 5:00 just to check it out. Harveys is a neighborhood dive. It felt like Cheers when we walked in. People at the bar (customers) said Hi and the waitress was right to us with menus and very friendly. OK, don't expect much in decor. The tables are sticky, like when the varnish is sticky and you can never get it clean enough to not be sticky. We had drinks very nice martinis. The bartender is a pro. I had a BLT, thin sliced bacon, crispy and just the right amount and my partner had a burger, both were excellent. 
As we left the bar crew all said bye as well as the staff. I liked the folks there.
Stopped in for my post-workout bowl of Chili and pitcher of beer and was IMPRESSED! Didn't want fancy- I was in my gym clothes. If you love a dark dive with really good food and prices this place is for you... The cook was visible and very friendly as well and the bartender was cool. The ladies was acceptable. The only thing missing was a smoking patio. I'll be back!
DIVE bar, tiny bathroom that will make you feel like you're on a submarine.

Now that that's out of the way--the beers are dirt cheap and the signature WineBurger is downright delicious.  Servers are friendly.  This place should be on the short list for anyone in the area that wants to eat out or drink with friends on a budget.
I love this place.
Its a great, chill place to go. All the bartenders are super friendly and I never have to wait to get a drink, shot or food. Not only is the staff friendly, but so are all the customers.
The wineburgers are delicious and the baskets of onions rings and fries are huge, definitely share with someone!
I finally got around to coming here last night, and I really like it!  I knew what I was getting into because A) I've been to the original wineburger at 19th ave and Bethany Home already, B) I've read the reviews and C) I knew that these two places were originally started by a pair of brothers many years ago.

Walking in, its a real divey type place.  Wood paneling on the walls, simple no frill tables and chairs, with limited decorations and dimly lit.  It's set up exactly like its sister location the original wineburger, with half of it being a bar with chairs and tables, and the other half being a pool and congregating area for those that want to do more then sit and hang on the bar.  I also saw a pinball machine, which was pretty cool as well.

They have a few TV's hanging from the walls behind the bar with a variety of sporting events on for you to watch. Granted, I'm not a huge sports fan, but it's better then staring off into space or what not.  I sat at the bar, since I felt more comfortable there, and there wasn't to many people in here, so there was more then enough seating for me. I felt really comfortable here, and didn't feel like being around a million people anyways.

They have great beer and alcohol specials during happy hour, and they have a decent menu of items to choose from. Prices are great, and the bartender here was really super cool.  Him and I chatted throughout my meal and I really enjoyed the conversation.  I went with the Jumbo Hot dog, and it was tasty...charbroiled and all, I really liked it here.

If you want a low key night out, go check this place out. Divey, dark and not half bad. Will be back in the future. I think I like it here better then I did at the original one.
About two years ago I was out here for work and I stop in here maybe by change maybe because I saw a Yelp review, but we can go for the second.  This is a total dive bar.  They have these small pitchers for when you want two beer but dont want to come back up so often.  But even better than the food and drinks, they have Duck pin bowling.  It is like a small single lane bowling alley right in the bar and it is the great bar game ever.  I was staying 45 minutes away in North Scottsdale last time I was in town and drove here just for a beer a couple quick games.  It sounds odd, but so much fun.
What's not to love about a classic dive? Do you like:
Cheap beer?
Fantastic people watching?
Duck Pin Bowling?
Awesome griddled burgers?

Sure, it's not much to look at, interior or exterior, but it's good fun all around.
Don't let the dive bar interior put you off. Even as we walked in, a bar fight was about to happen, but that just added to the experience, right along with the sticky tables and low lighting.
The waitress/bartender was really nice and both my mother and I got the burger and fries with sodas. The cook came over and asked us if we were sure we didn't want any add-ons so we just told her to throw some mushrooms on mom's and bacon on mine. She was a proper hole-in-the-wall fry cook with big hair. If laws didn't prohibit it, I have no doubt she'd have a cigarrette hanging from her lips.
The food was a surprise. While extremely greasy (you're getting a burger and fries so never expect less), it was also extremely delicious. Perfecly seared, thick-patty burger (with a unique tartness from the wine) on fresh bread with nice thick-cut bacon and great fries. It came with some onions and lettuce to top, also fresh. 
A perfect example to never judge a book by its cover. There's a reason this place has won some "best of" awards.
Great cheap burgers
Fantastic people watching
Sit at the bar to watch them cook and to mingle with the crazy regulars
Game room with pool table and pin bowling.
Great place to watch a game
Get grilled onions on your burger
This place is everything a dive bar/burger joint should be.  Open late with cheap beer and greasy burgers.  Not a fan of the chili they use for the fries though.  Service was super friendly, and the burgers are cooked where everyone can see...kinda good, since you would expect some iffy situations in the back if you couldn't see exactly what they were doing to your food.
I'll be back, it'll be a guilty pleasure.
I wanted to love it so much!! I don't  mind the divey old school feel, I just felt the burger was not all it's cracked up to be. It was juicy, but under seasoned, so it didn't have much flavor. The other thing I didn't like was the cold bun that seemed like the cheap pack from the grocery store. 

The fries and onion rings were good and I like that they serve them with ranch. 

Kudos to the waitress/bartender/cook!! She was working hard and seemed to do a great job juggling everything.
As a loyal (former) patron of Harvey's Wineburger for over 40 years, I can now announce that the change of ownership in the past year or so has murdered the magnet that kept customers coming back - their hamburgers.  A good friend was in Harvey's in the past month, and ask me to go there with him today.  He said on his previous visit, he got a lousy hamburger and suspected something had changed.  His assessment was quite accurate.

The first thing you notice when the burger is delivered is that the bun has shrunk and that the burger patty has become perfectly round, as compared to its 'jagged' predecessor, and flattened - maybe pre-formed and frozen?  The first bite discloses the sad news:  the meat is tasteless, rubbery, and absolutely nothing like the burger that has kept the joint in business 40-plus years.  Astonishingly, you can no longer taste any hint of wine in the burger.  My guess is that the rubbery consistency of the meat (they OBVIOUSLY have changed their supplier and/or grade) rejects the wine poured on it like water on Bullfrog sunscreen.    

We had heard about the ownership change several months ago with someone commenting that "oriental owners" had taken over.  The smaller microwaved-tasting bun and the Birkenstock meat are clear signs the new ownership has resorted to use of cheap ingredients - specifically the meat - the landmark's staple - to squeeze more profits while raising prices that are unrecognizable to Harvey's regulars.  

It's quite sad.  This was one of my favorite places in Phoenix - a wineburger and a game of pool - never crowded - that old dive charm...and hands down in the top 5 best burgers in town.  Apparently the new owner(s) believe all they need is a 40-year reputation.  Good luck with that, I won't be back.
Best Dive in Phoenix. Good people & drinks.
Some people go to McDonalds at midnight after a night out. But I make my way to the best juke box joint with the best burgers in town! Stupid good!
I'm not a huge bar person, so walking into a dive bar on this side of town was scary.  Was I not with a big strong male, I would have likely not even bothered.  I got a wineburger, onion rings, and beer.  The service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining.  The burger was incredibly flavorful although sort of greasy and the beer and onion rings were average. I would totally go back here (with company) for burgers and the creepy yet surprisingly friendly and entertaining atmosphere.
Incredible burger, good happy hour prices, and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!
I would drink here everyday if I lived in phoenix
If I ever want to be reminded what kind of asshole I am, I just need to reread this review and I'll know. 

Why is this the review that will serve as this reminder when I have so many Yelps explaining so much about that already? Well:

I went here on an anthropological adventure. I'd heard the regulars were noteworthy in a Bikinesque fashion. That they're scary and funny and local and Cheersish... And that everything takes forever. And that everything is average but that it's the combination of the preceding factors that make this place worthy of one adventure to see how the other half live in their natural habitat.

We walked in and were IMMEDIATELY, like within seconds, greeted by a drunken song. A man and a song and a twinkle in his eye and I was immediately charmed. 

I was expecting it to smell very strong, especially since they sell cigarettes in the vending machines, but really there was no noteworthy odor. 

The bartender was high or drunk. If she was not high or drunk, she's spent so much time in her life being either high or drunk that she now gives off a permadrunkenhigh vibe. For instance, she takes our drink orders and says, "Want menus?" and then walks away and re-asks us our order, which was a pitcher of beer. And then does not ever bring menus. Glazed eyes. I don't give a fuck ethos. 

AMF is on the menu, which I had to be reminded stands for adios mother fucker, which is just basically telling the drinker that this particular night will not be one they should bother trying to remember. Here, I could make some grand (albeit stupid) statement about how this is exactly the type of place people come to forget, but I don't think that's true considering I was the only one drinking them. 

The one gentleman we interacted with was so desperately lonely that he clung to every vestige of a chance of an opportunity to insert himself in our convo and I felt deep sympathy for him. 

All and all, I can't see any reason to ever go back but I'm glad I went and that it exists. It serves a need. It serves a population. It offers an opportunity for snobby a-holes to have a place to go on "anthropological journeys." 

Apparently, they put wine in their burgers if you're into that...
Staff is amazingly friendly. Burgers are terrific, beer is cold and I could definitely see my self coming back.
My favorite late night, pool hall-dive bar burger; albeit the only one conceivable, that is, not ony delicious but available. runonsentencesbedamned
Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable!
They've changed hands again.  I'd been going there fairly regularly for something like 20 years.  The guy who started it (Harvey, I presume) ran it for around 40 years, until he died.  His daughter ran it for another five years (about) but decided running a dive bar wasn't what she wanted to do with her life and put it up for sale.

It was bought by a Vietnamese couple who upgraded the interior.  They added a bunch of big flat screen TVs, started taking credit cards.  The place used to be cash only, although they did put in an ATM a couple years back.

Harvey's signature was the wineburger, hand formed from quality beef.  Always excellent,  But the new owners switched out for preformed patties of cheaper meat.  That was a spoiler for me.  And apparently not only me.  The last time I went there under those owners I was the only one there.  I wonder why they couldn't figure out where their crowd had gone.  I ordered a hot dog.

But apparently those owners dumped the place as a loser (said the bartender).  I went there last week.  Whomever bought it brought back the first class meat (98%) with fresh, hand made patties.  It's back on my recommended list.

What other people say about the ambiance is true.  It =is= a dive bar.  I mean that in the best sense.  Cheap drinks, a friendly crowd (many of whom seem to be regulars; they know each other).

This review-o-matic only offers me a choice of 1 or 2 for ratings.  Dunno why,   But for what it is, and what it's trying to be I'd give it 4 stars.
Never can one judge a restaurant by its exterior.  Whether that makes sense or not if you ever drive south on 16th street just south of Camelback you will see a small dive bar that says Harvey's. This place makes one feel like you got off a DeLorean when you walk in with that old 70's feel.  The wooden panels, the old Budweiser signs and yes that cheers like feel with regulars. 

They have good drink specials like 2 dollar Pbr's but if you are like me and need a quick lunch bite, come in for a burger.  They only have about 3 burgers and they are cheese, regular and I believe a double.  They are delicious and taste like a good homemade burger. 

They have happy hour weekly and on weekends but weekends they go a tad longer. The 6 dollar burger with fries and a drink is my bag.
Last night I was feeling low on disposable moolah$ and fiercely craving a REAL hamburger. There was a place in the 'hood I was dying to try...and guess I'll continue dying because they were closed. *sigh* So I had my adorable better half whip out his Yelp app (yes, he actually whipped it out, it was epic!) and looked for other burgeries in the area. Since I was already heading up 16th Street, we made a beeline for Harvey's (one of those places we had driven past thousands of times, looked at interestingly, and continued on our merry way without stopping). 

I'm happy we stopped in. I *heart* dive bars w/ good food...and this is the diviest one I've been to in forever  (and yes, that includes my escapade to the Brass Rail last weekend). 

The Bears vs Cowgirls game was playing, the joint had about 6 other people enjoying cold ones, and we sat at the bar. After what seemed like FOREVER, the bahtendah came over and took our order and gave us a couple of menus. There isn't much on the menu. There doesn't have to be, from what I can tell. I ordered a cheesewineburger w/ onion rings, and my schnookums ordered a cheesewineburger w/ fries.  I'm not a huge fan of fries...but these were scrumptious and crispy and thin. The onion rings were so good, (crispy outside, soft onions inside) it felt like they were actually melting in my mouth. The burger absolute perfection, from the soft bun and juicy meat to the fresh lettuce, tomato and onion adorning it. I added ketchup and mustard to mine and it was simply heavenly. 

The bartenders are friendly without being annoying/hover-y...in fact, you may need to flag one down if you want another drink, but it was exactly what I was looking for and I will definitely stumble my way back there again instead of always driving by.  Next time I think I'll try the wings.
Went there for the first time since it just got sold again. BURGERS ARE BETTER THAN EVER!!!!!!!!!! Drink Specials are fabulous. Jessica the bartender is awesome. The New owners just Rock!!!! My husband has been going to this place since he turned 21, so for 25 years.
After eating the burger and fries I quickly decided this place will be a regular for us... Love that it's a dive bar as well .. Warning ! The burgers are very greasy but so worth it ! And the buns are grilled with a little grease too :) I usually don't eat my buns but at this place I did and will.  I'm not hungover but this is prob a really good hangover burger too !!
Based on Chad L's November 2013 review, I returned to Harvey's in March 2014 with a couple of friends.  Chad's report is correct, they have gone back to using the quality beef that kept them in business 40 years.  The sandwich is still a little smaller than the old days, but the burger is clearly hand made and absolutely delicious.  We are still debating whether you can taste the wine in the wine burger, that might require another visit or two.  They now offer a reasonably-priced lunch 'combo' that gives you great French fries (or their fabulous onion rings) with your burger in just enough quantity that you can finish them.  The table service is quick and as friendly as always. I will now put Harvey's back on my list of favorite (under $8) burger places in Phoenix.  Thank goodness for the new owners who have brought back tradition. You can't buy that "homey" feel elsewhere.
Came in the other night with a group of friends, knowing the name of this place I knew I was going to enjoy my burger! 

(Super Deluxe)
Would have given a five star but the $3 salad was the worst. It was just a bowl of lettuce and some chopped tomatoes. Onion rings awesome perfectly cooked. Cheeseburger great flavor. Awesome fireball shot $4.50 but $3.00 on Monday.
Been here before. Was good. During middle of day. Told my wyfe "you gotta try this place" its yummy. Took her for dinner. Her cheeseburger was over cooked and dry. My wings were charred and dry. Wait staff asked how it was and i told her "overcooked". She said sorry can i make u more? I said NO cant stomach anymore of their food. So what do i get in return? A FULL BILL!!! $30..... At least the wyfe learned a new drink. Wont be back here, which sucks cause they are stumbling distance from home
Our first time here. Make sure you have 40 minutes to wait for your average tasting burger. The fries tasted like they were frozen. The good 'ole boys who seemed to be regulars, were loud and disrespectful. It's your typical dark, old and average dive bar. Let's see, something positive to say... you can apparently bring your dog. Yep. Inside. Where food is being served. Awesome.
I keep trying and this place will not stop disappointing me. Lower your expectations and you may enjoy it. 
The idea is right the execution is terrible. 
I am not old but this place is brutally loud. I mean painfully so. I mention it and they turn and walk away. 
The food is priced right. The bartender / chef doesn't care anyway. 
It's cheap and obviously satisfies many. 
Unfriendly should be the first warning.
Dive bar feel, but possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Made to order and seasoned perfect. The wings are also good.
Cacuts Jacks was closed for a while, but it is up and running once again.  Total dive bar in Ahwatukee, it is never my first choice, however a few of my friends love to go there for the cheap drinks and music (live or juke box).  I have never tried any thing to eat at Cactus Jacks, and I don't plan on it anytime soon.

Cacuts Jacks isn't really the kind of bar to start out the night, however we have been known to finish our night there, usually when Happy Hour at Brad's Places goes a little long, or when we're headed back to the tuke from some other event and don't want to stop the drinking fun!

When we do end up going there, or even suggesting "How about Cactus Jacks?", the rest of the group knows that the night just went from a rank of mild intoxication, to "might as well call a cab now!"  Crazy things have happened at Cactus Jacks, lots of good stories and foggy memories.
We just saw Marmalade Skies play here last night.  We showed up early to grab one of the last tables. Fans of the band showed up in full-force. It was SRO early in their set. They sounded great ! 

The service, however, was below par. It seemed as if the place wasn't  prepared for the crowd that the band would bring in, even though the band played there about a month ago! We ended up waiting for the server to check on us more than once while we sat with water & drinks completely drained. If we hadn't been there specifically for the band, it's very likely we would have gone some where else. 

No condiments brought out for the sliders. No small plates brought out with the nachos deluxe which were nothing special. The sides of ranch we ordered didn't arrive either. The fries that came with the Real Deal Philly Rib Eye were soggy. Their Wings are the reason for 3 stars. I had the Honey Hot  wings grilled and they were DELICIOUS!
Looking for casual "dive type" yet clean?  Great place here!  Mind you, when I say "dive" -to me this term is a positive, endearing term that means friendly people with a "local's" feel.  Friday nights typically consist of some really great bands; and Sat. nights for poker --free play, no buy in!  Although -the 7pm start is the more die-hard serious players...the 10 p.m. start seems more laid back by this time and this is the round where I jump in with my less than stellar knowledge of poker and just want to have some fun interaction!  The staff is really great --they are who they are and don't pretend to be anyone else --I love interecting with the "real" personalities of the staff and the patron's all interact easily whether they know you or not.  When you order a drink -treat the staff like a friend you just met -and not "wait staff" -they will remember you and appreciate that you recognize they are working hard for you and everyone around you!  A very friendly local's hang out --so whether you are from North Phoenix or out of state vacationing -visit this place for a friendly interaction with the locals -casual atmosphere with all walks of life -great pool playing and people watching on any night!
Yeah, it's kind of a dive bar.  Fun environment, lots of tvs, decent eats, good drink prices and a jukebox or live music depending on the night.  Who says you can't love a dive bar?  I do.  If I still lived in Tukee I'd likely be there WAY too often.
Great happy hour.
If you like going to bars to watch the game. Not be over crowded or bothered and get great prices this is the place for you. I love it!
Cactus jacks is bar food but is pretty cheap with good service. If you're looking for a place to watch the game and have a beer it is a good spot
I really like this place!  I came here on Super Bowl Sunday to watch the game.  Great atmosphere, fun staff.
I also came on Saturday with my mom and a friend and we had a wonderful time.  The happy hour is great and i'm sure i will be visiting again :)
The staff is great, super friendly & most importantly my glass was never empty. Happy hour is crazy cheap, I even questioned the total, 3 bloody Mary's for under $10, what? This is a bar & doesn't try to be anything other than a bar, drinks, pool tables, basketball game, darts & tons of TVs. Weekends they bring in live bands. 
 Oh yeah this place is clean right down to the bathrooms, well at least the ladies is anyway.
Great wings and cold beer! Service is always right on. Go in twice and you're family! The head guy, Mike, is a little slow so you'll need to be patient (just kidding), but other than that it's a great spot to drink, eat, and watch football!!
My wife and I were looking for a place to watch football and stumbled on cactus jacks.
What a find, we had a great time sitting at the bar, watched golf until game time.the food and service were both good. We had a pizza, 1/2 Hiwian 1/2 spicy shrimp, both halves were delicious, although it took quite a while, we noticed everyone's food took a while. But we weren't in a hurry. The most fun part about the place is, the employees seemd to know everyone by name. Very friendly.
This is the bar where you walk in with $25 bucks and walk out not remembering the night. A true classic dive bar! Good times, which is usually based on who you are with.
It's a good old fashion hole in the wall dive bar.  I come here mostly with my parents sometimes, it sure has an older crowd vibe.
Jacks' food is mediocre, I just always stick to a burger and fries, (the fries their grow on you) can't go wrong. Drinks are priced well.  They even have live music and poker nights on the weekends. 

Jacks is a good bar to come with your friends after work. Very nice staff and management.
This unlikely little club is considered to be one of the best places in the Valley to catch local bands. It's hard to believe this place is in sleepy Mesa!

The food is good and the selection is HUGE: Pizza, Calzones, sandwiches, Gyros, subs, burgers, steaks, and Mexican food. Watch out though-- cheap drinks and live music can make this place a madhouse!
Um...wtf?

So I heard on the DL that this was a great place to go for some hip-hop on Thursday nights for The Blunt Club. I was like "Really? Off Price and Baseline? In MESA?"

Yup.

Rolled up round midnight to find a FULL parking lot-we had to park way the f down! The cover was eight bucks (which was steep in my opinion) but we barely nudged our way into a full house. It was actually overwhelming-the hip hop was blaring, there were booths filled with averages, tattooed neck honiez, and head nodders. B-Girls and Pop Lockers were shakin their ish on the floor. The bar was like 3 people deep-I just went for a cold PBR in the bottle (classy!) and hung around the dance floor. All KINDS of people-probably the MOST diverse crowd I have encountered here in the AZ. It had a definitive west coast hip hop scene feel. 

There were three guys in highly rigged dj sets ups (VINYL-REAL CUTTERS) and an MC that kept the hype up. 80s jamz, new trax, michael jackson, it was all here-sometimes a little too mixed for my tastes. And a b-boy battle ROYAL happened organically on the dance floor-WHA? In MESA?

Yeah, man, in Mesa. Roll on up to the Blunt Club people-the (south) west is gonna show you how to party!
i first started hitting up the Alley at age 15, when I was finally allowed to go to shows... ha, it was the height of ska (i mean the height of ska before it hit uber mainstream and 90210 rocked Reel Big Fish in their opening music montage), and came here alot that year.

it's definitely a rock n' roll bar, that does an amazing hip hop night. yeah, sounds all over the place, right? but this joint pulls it off. it's been a year since i came to Blunt Club, but it was hap-e-nin! it was so crowded and it was a cool crowd with a nice mix of styles and great music.

i came here recently for a friday night happy hour, and it was dark and empty, which was fine by me. it's basically made up of two big rooms, with a large stage looked on with six or eight large booths, LA club style. There are plenty of other tables, bar stools, too. 

Ok, for such a rock n roll heavy decor i was MAJORLY disappointed in the juke box selection. it was one of those electronic ones, so i thought if they don't have what i want, i'll just download it...nope. either it was not capable, or i was not capable of figuring out how to do it. i wasn't drunk and i do it all the time at other bars, so i'm pretty sure it was the latter, not the former. 

other than that, it was a nice break from the usual HH scene, we had cheap drinks (they have nice stuff on tap and cold microbrew bottles, sweet!) and cheap food. rock on... i mean, without the rockin' music part.

oh, and yeah, this is BARELY mesa... it's JUST over the 101, on the other side of south tempe, so i guess that counts, but not really.
This is one of my favorite bars in this part of town. Unusual location, but a very fun place nonetheless.
This was a nice little place that my sister introduced me to. I played here and had a good time the crowd was very responsive. The bartender was very cool but it helped that my sister was a regular there. We only had few drinks, I had all mix drinks and stuck with the good ol' Vodka Red Bull. It was a good size drink (meaning I got a whole can of red bull not just half) hard to mess that one up.

All in all I had a good time just chillin with my sister after I played my set. She and her boyfriend showed me a good time while I was in town.

One think I really liked about this place was the fact we had such good service, and a nice place to sit down and talk at. I can't wait to go back and visit Hollywood sometime.
There's something deliciously seventeen about drinking in "The Alley."  Of course, real seventeen year olds can't get in.  This place is legit, but the vibe is very Lloyd Dobler in a gas station parking lot asking a bunch of punk kids why he just can't win with women.  (Don't worry Lloyd none of us really have that figured out and most of us who seem to be doing it successfully are really just faking it.)

The crowd here varies but I have always felt welcome.  Drinks are ok.  Sometimes they're great but it depends on who's tending bar.  The good thing is they're fairly cheap.  As a music venue I give it  high five.  It's dirty and dark with a one foot high stage that's obviously meant for performance but not so far removed as to make you feel like you're not connected to what's going on.  The sound is ok.  It depends on the show really but I've always had a good time and that counts for a lot.

I like the pictures on the ceiling. They're fun to try to decipher when you're setting yourself on spin cycle.  The pool tables are usually full so I can't really vouch for them other than to say that they're popular.  All in all, it's a decent place to pummel yourself in the face with your beverage of choice.
A dive bar with a Hollywood Theme?  Are you F'n kidding me!?!?

The promoter books CRAP bands on a regular basis.

Wheeeeeeee! Mesa sucks and Hollywood Alley fits in perfectly.
I was in Arizona this past weekend, and my buddy was playing acoustic here.  How convenient!  He put me on the list, and when I showed up, the conversation with the door guy went something like this:

Me: "Hi, I'm on Mike Jarmuz's guest list." (handing him my ID)
Door Guy: (rudely) "Who the hell is Mike Jarmuz?"
Me: "Umm, he's playing tonight."
Door Guy: (rudely still) "Yeah, I don't know what band he's in."
Me: "Well he's his own act, it's just him."
Door Guy: (now even ruder) "He's not on my list."
Me: "Are you sure? Let me take a look... ok, he's Muzz."

Fair enough, so I didn't know he went by his nickname but come on, you don't gotta be a dick about it.  Anyway, once inside we had a very good waitress.  Drinks were cheap, and she recommended a great independent vodka as an alternative to the Ketel the girl I was with was going to order.
Decent dive bar for Mesa (Mesa/Tempe border off the 101).

This is another place that depends on the quality of the band. The music is why most people are here, and you won't have much luck chatting after 8pm as the place gets LOUD. 

So, if the band is good - the place rocks, if not - it's just another average dive bar.
I've only been here once and I got really sick from drinking too much, but it only cost me 35 bucks.  The music was great  and the drinks vere very nicely priced.  For a dive bar, it was a great time.  Another plus is I live across the street within walking distance.
As a fan of dive bars I have to give this place a big thumbs up. I may be a bit jaded though by have alot of friends play here. Cheap drinks, dark, low stage all pluses in my book. Also gotta love they serve white castle burgers. If youre into dive bars you definitely gotta hit this place. 

Oh yea, and the pool tables are shit.
I went here just for kicks and ended up really liking the place. They have great food and a great atmosphere. The bands they book are just mediocre at best, but that won't stop me from coming back.
"Arizona's only Hipster Bar", or so the sign says.

We discovered this place when they started doing a Tuesday night Drum'n'Bass night.  The bar is great.  Dark, nice round booths, good decore, tons of beers on tap, even more in bottles, great sound system with a stage.  They've got a few pool tables in a separate little area so you can still hear the music but still hear your friends.  Staff is friendly, courteous, and all in all pretty cool.

I've eaten here once for breakfast where they screen movies on a bigscreen using a projector.  Omelet, Bloody Mary, Erin Brockovitch (ok, that part sucked) FTW.

That being said, I will prob. never eat here again.  Last night we were chillin' wih friends enjoying music and they were enjoying some burgers when out of the corner of my eye I see a roach just waking along the top of the booth.  Cruising around from one side to the other, checking things out.  

Now I'm not an idiot, I realize there are prob. roaches everywhere, but something psychological happens when you're two feet from a roach in a dining establishment.  Unfortunately, I'll never be able to eat there again, however I will return for beats and beers.  If you read this far you will prob. not eat there either but I encourage you to drink there (bottles).
Take two shots of penicillin and a tetnus shot after eating/drinking here.  And for god's sake stay out of the bathrooms.  Don't believe me, check out the expert reviews on Maricopa.gov, restaurant ratings...pretty yuk!
A safe house for your hang over.

I found this place while on a 12 mile bike ride to ASU and back in 105 degree heat.  It looked like a Dive and  I was thirsty so inside I went.  It was a dive, a real good dive and I ordered a draft of PBR.

My first impression was that this would be a great place to drink off a hangover.   It was dark, cold, cave like with lots of dive character.  Where else are you gonna find PBR on tap?
I have lived here in the Valley forever, and I've been here at least a hundred times to see various punk rock shows over the years. Hollywood Alley is definitely a classic venue.

I went here last night to see a friend's band play. It had been probably a decade since my last visit. Walking in was a very familiar feeling - passing by the cloud of cigarette smoke in front of the door (yack) and past the door security. I recognized the high-back booths and the layout hasn't changed much at all. 

Something was different though. It's clean now. It's actually decorated thoughtfully rather than just decorated with random band stickers. It's certainly not as legit as it once was, but it's nice now. It seems like it's more for grown-ups. Most dive bars seem to end up getting shittier and grosser over time, but this place is miles away from the dumpiness of the days of yore. 

I probably wouldn't make a point to go here unless there was a band I wanted to see. That's mostly because of the location. As a bar, I think it's nice. Strong drinks, cool layout, comfy booths. I can't picture this place booking a solid band I would want to see, so it's gonna be a rare occasion that I'll come back. I do like it though and I'm glad to see it still around. Brought back some memories.
It's the kind of dive bar that you feel safe in....slumming without the risk.  Last night went back again to check out a friends band.  The service got slower as the place got busier, I actually sat with no drink for at least 45 minutes.  Didn't try any food since we had eaten before, but what I saw go buy didn't inspire me to want to order - it all looked like sub-par, deep fried muck.  But I wasn't there for the food, I was there for the music.  

It's still a great venue for loud, fun music.  While you couldn't talk during the sets, the music sounded good, and the room shape and size created a nice fee, and the raised booths along the back wall allowed even those of us in the back to see the stage.

I don't ever see myself adding this to any of my must dos except for the music scene.  They do have a decent selection of on tap beers, so for a show and a few drinks, it's a good night out.
I go to watch Grounded and Fred Green there. Drinks are decent and cold. One of those places you can't believe there's a cover charge. Like Mandi said, slumming without the risk.
A timeless classic a place with more shows than I can / care to remember.

Seen a lot of up and coming people here as well as some pretty good regular nights as well.
Always an interesting collection of different music styles mixed in with a ton of talents of all sorta both local and elsewhere.

Cheap drinks and plenty of pool tables.
Old school video games and of course darts
Pizza and bar food that is actually decent!
I Love dive bars but this one has gotten me questioning the whole concept of it. Firstly it had a cover charge.. Fine it was supposed to have 3 live bands and I understand that we need to pay to see them. THe last band did not show up. WTF!!! they should have told me that at the door. The band that was playing was more interested in fornicating with one groupie that was there. We had to hear a whole monologue from each of the band memebers about how they deserved a dollar stuffed in their whiteys which was fine as long as they actually played a song but nooooo... we will not play until we get a dollar stuffed down our small weenies. "Then I will give a lap dance to the groupie and still not play". 

Great!! and I had to be there to waste my time and money to observe this. Then I hear the last group ain't here. So I basically paid a cover charge to see drunk band members hit on groupies.

 And lets not talk about the turd they served me as bar food. The grilled chicken burger turned out to be raw and the soup was well... bleech....

Why oh why do I subject myself to this mishandling... oh right I like dive bars, food joints etc.... because I believe mom and pop type establishments try their best to serve people well.....

Paradigm shift with this establishment... service was apathetic.. food well.... grungy... and music..... blase....

Truly a disappointment to my core beliefs
yeah as dive bars go, this makes the grade.  pub food.  nothing too special.  good atmosphere overall, with a mixture of pool, pinball, and old video games.  plus of course the music!  always with the live music.  i've been like 6-10 times over the years and always hear an eclectic and decent selection of music.  gotta visit the alley every once in a while to see how the seedy underbelly kicks back and has a good time.
Coming here reminds me of the hole-in-the wall places I used to see Aqua-Bats etc. in.  The place holds about 300 people total, and seems pretty cool for a show.

I grew up about a mile from here, and never went in.  My curiosity finally got to me, so I met a friend here for lunch.  As I walked in, I knew I was out of my element (I'm an accountant for G-d's sake) but although it looked like the clubhouse from Sons of Anarchy, I wasn't accosted by any bad-ass bikers.  

We were waited on by Kat (I assume with a K) who was also bartending.  She paid very good attention to the 4 people that were in the entire place at lunchtime.  She made a good recommendation for dollar-taco-tuesdays, and a few other specials made by "grandma."  Yes, they have a 94 year old woman who is the head cook ... and she's pretty damn good.

I ordered a mexican burger, which was really great with the green chiles.  I also felt a need to get a cheap taco, which was quite excellent.

I'll be back for the breakfast, and any time I want to be reminded of a kick-ass club playing loud music while I smoke beaties and getting rejected by hot chicks who are way more ska/punk than me.
Come here in the morning every once in awhile after work for breakfast, since they open at 6 am. Food is good, most of the time have a movie in the background, and the atmosphere has a home feel to it.
I live just up the street from here and pass the place all the time. Today I finally decided to stop in and check it out. 

I was there in the middle of a Monday afternoon, so I cannot speak to what the place might be like when they have bands there. But for an afternoon it was just great.

They have a pretty eclectic selection of draft beer, so I had a 90 Shilling (excellent) and a Hemp Ale (also good). They have a couple of more unusual brews, plus the regular assortment of domestic brews, Fat Tire, Kilt Lifter and an IPA....oh and Guinness, of course.

I had just eaten, so I did not try the food, but some of the others in the bar seemed to be enjoying theirs. I looked over the menu, and pledge to return for food and report back.

The gal tending bar was great, super friendly and willing to give me the scoop on the good stuff they had.

Two premium pints and a $3 tip came out to $10. Needless to say, I will be back! An uber-dive to be sure, with low prices to match.
Sound is decent to good. The earps rock.
Went there to photograph a concert. Great crowd and fun quirky locals. Loved the dive bar ambience without being trashy/dirty. The lighting for the show wasn't great but the sound was good. Great beers, too. Get the 99Shillings.
This place is really cool.  The ambiance is certainly one of "sunlight sucks, that is what the outside is for".  If you are new to the place then PLEASE use the double doors as if they were an air-lock: let the outside one close before opening the next.  My retinas will thank you later.

There are three things that makes this place awesome imho:
1- Food.  The bar food is very tasty and you should get the large order of sliders if you have the appetite of a bear waking up in early spring or if you are chill with reheating.

2- Movie Screens.  That's right this ain't no sports bar.  The TV's, and often a projector screen, show movies that you probably haven't seen in at least 10 years unless you are a 2 AM junkie of TCM and the like.  It makes for a nice laid back atmosphere.

3- A sound guy who knows whats up?  For live music in the 3-4 tempe bar venues I've been to this is the only place where each band was able to NOT just throw the wall of sound at us.  Kudos to you sir.
This place gets an easy four stars for being a good spot to catch bands, grab some decent (but appropriately greasy) bar food, and enjoy an always decent drink selection. The extra star is for the owners, particularly Ross, who have done so much for local music over the years and have not received nearly enough gratitude for it. My bands played here when I was younger, I saw plenty of amazing shows here, and I still try to stop in when I'm on that side of town for an easygoing time playing pool and drinking beers. Truly an awesome small bar venue.
Have a great time dancing to the 80's music on Thursday nights.  Great crowd, friendly.  Oh and good food too.  Awesome!
The best dive bar in the Phoenix area. Been going there for years. Always stop in when I'm back in Phoenix. Great bar staff and drinks. Dank and dark the way a good bar should be. Loads of good beer and tap. Never had a bad drink there. Great place for live music too. Food is amazing too. Never go wrong with the Spam And Pineapple Pizza.
I JUST heard about this place and am sad I've lived in Tempe for four years without checking out Hollywood Alley.  Its fantastic!  There is live music almost every night... cool stage... really dark in there....big black 50's style leather round booths/tables, posters and random art all over the walls.  Perfect! I really prefer dives that 'try' to have an atmosphere... make themselves an 'eclectic hole-in-the-wall' not just a hole in the wall.  Hollywood Alley totally lives up to my expectations.

The back room is packed with vintage arcade games galore, a book exchange (YES, a free book exchange!!! How great is that?) ... mostly trashy romance novels but a few gems in there....  

Drinks were cheap and big... they put well drinks in HUGE glasses... definitely twice the size of the usual lowball glasses at most bars.  Really fantastic beer selection too! Haven't tried the food but I will.... definitely going back to Hollywood Alley!
Best 80's music in Phoenix, and no cover!  Between the ambience and the deejay I ended up spending a lot longer than I had planned.  i heard LOTS of songs i hadn't heard in more than a decade.  I the service was okay, but i didn't mind waiting because the music was really good, and the food was very good.  Try the Fajita wrap!
Love the ReUnion Thursdays.  It's the best 80's music in the Phoenix Area.  It's great to dance and watch movies on the big screen from back in the day.  Reasonable drink prices and really good food.  I highly approve and I'm glad it's every Thursday too.
I have only been there twice for lunch.  Food kinda sucks.  Pizza really sucked.  Service slow... and there were children in the bar!??  I love the ambiance.  The TV's can get a bit loud.  I would like to check this place out at night to see a show.
We came to Hollywood Alley as part of an impromptu Friday Night Bar Crawl - meaning I had already had several adult beverages when we got there. It was after 12pm so my friend and I were a little shocked that we had to fork up $5 for the cover charge. We usually have a no-cover policy but the rest of our group was already there. When we walked in it was super loud and super dark and super crowded so we made our way toward where we guessed the bar was. Thankfully the group we were meeting are big drinkers and we ran into several of them at the bar or we may never have found them in the crowded, dark room. We grabbed our bottled PBR and made our way over to the side where there are games and pool tables. Still loud but at least you could yell and be heard.  Shot a few rounds of pool.There is a big padded bench that runs around the room,unfortunately if you are sitting on it, your likely to get hit with the back end of a pool cue. Overall, a good dive bar, I'd go back.... even though it's in Mesa!
Food here is always AMAZING!  Specifically Sunday breakfast and MOVIES!!!!!  Love this place!  AND all of the food is great I haven't ever had something here I didn't like!
Great place to kick back and enjoy some live music with descent food and good drink.
Loved this place for a recent party that was had...my idea of a dive bar with great sound.  The wait staff was had was friendly and just awesome to all of our questions and requests.

The only draw back might be parking and that the air conditioner is an issue.  Definitely dont layer when you go there!  I was lucky I wore a stapless dress and was cool, but everyone else was sweltering! 

Defiintely would go again!
Not sure what it is, but I love this place! It's not so much the cheesey Hollywood themed dealio, but every time I have gone here I've had a good experience. That counts for something when you are talking about night spots. Mostly original, local bands play here, on a medium sized stage. Nothing special as far as service, bar, etc. Check to see who's playing before arriving- You may not like the genre/type of music. Overall, very cool place!
Perfect place for third dates and indie rock shows.  Food is okay and decent vibe depends on what bands are playing.
Best dive bar in AZ, Bloody Mary's & Breakfast are the best!!
Holly Would in the Alley
By The Rue

I spent a few hours at Hollywood Alley,
I didn't go with a girl named Sally,
Located in Arizona, not in Cali,
$21.64 was my bar tab tally,
Live music here isn't like a pep rally,
It's one of the best dives in the valley,
It's as big as a ships galley, 
They don't do a grand finale,
The owner's last name isn't O'mally,
If in Vegas don't stay at Bally's,
I like berries just not Halle,
When you order don't dilly dally!

Van Nuys!!
This place is an East Valley institution! For starters, they have live music regularly, and they always have an annual show with Melt Banana from Japan, which is always a blast! Sound is awesome, and the cover is reasonable. Drink selection is amazing, and they have a signature drink menu as well. They have a full kitchen, and even offer breakfast starting at 6am! Perfect for those working the graveyard shift. Prices are good and drinks are strong. The decor is awesome, a good mix of pulps and movie posters and the like. All in all a solid neighborhood bar, music venue, and all around fun joint.
I love this place!  All the guy workers are awesome!   Julie, Angie, Heather, and Zayne are the best girls ever.  ;)  I get treated very well here, and I love the atmosphere. I've never been treated so well at any other restaurant in my life.  I used to go here almost everyday for breakfast and lunch, because they have such great deals!  I've been here a few times for karaoke and to watch local bands.  I have not been disappointed at this bar.  Grandma still cooks at this place, and her food is fabulous.  She is the sweetest lady, and she is more than happy to talk to her customers; you can even call her Grandma!!  Even their doorman is super friendly.  This place is like a home away from home.  Thank you, Hollywood Alley.  :)
One dive bar to rule them all.....

Seriously, this place is the definition of a dive but on the flipside it's some of the best grub I have had in a bar, the staff is really nice and they have pretty decent shows. I am a fan. 
Tip: There is a hidden bathroom behind the pool hall that doesn't smell of death.

I saw nothing.
Not a bad place. I came to the jazz and poetry night Tuesday. I enjoyed the atmosphere and my cheap beer. The round booths facing the stage makes for comfortable place to sit for a few hours.
One of my favorite watering holes, Hollywood Alley is a must for a drink in this part of town.  Great greasy pub food and awesome service makes for a good time.  Check it out!
Awesome place to kick back after a graveyard shift
When I first moved to AZ back in 2007 I lived within 5 minutes walking distance of this place, and since I didn't have a car it became my regular hangout.  The inside is dim, divey, and dumpy (just the way I like it).

They have surprisingly good food which is pretty inexpensive.  They even serve breakfast. Great selection of beers and mixed drinks, and priced right.  They also have some of the best local bands playing on the weekends. The staff is always really friendly too.

Overall, this is a great spot to spend a Friday or Saturday night, or just a few hours in the afternoon if you have nothing to do.  I have a car now and don't live next door anymore, but I still go once in a while and grab a burger and a beer.
Comfy place that draws a varied selection of performers... not always the best fit for such a small venue. Layout definitely limits line of sight to the stage in over half the bar, acoustics not too shabby. Service was good. Great place to hang if there is a band you want to see on the bill, but not a place I'd drive across town to on a regular basis.
Not that this review will matter because theyre closing, but I just had to get it in.

I love this place. Theres always something going on, whatever day of the week it may be. From live music, to movie nights, to the bloody mary bar on Sundays. There really is something for everyone....or I guess I should say was.

Ive seen countless bands perform here and have even sang here myself. The stage is huge. A great jam session stage, if you will. And theres plenty of seating/space for those there to enjoy whatevers going on onstage. Theres even the "back room" that has games and more seating if you feel like just listening to whos playing.

One of the biggest things Ill miss about the Alley is the food. Grandma does it up right. Ive never had a bad meal here. They have one of the best cheesburgers Ive ever had. The service was always slow as molasses at lunch, but that burger was always worth the wait.

Every single employee that I encountered here was so so nice too. Thats rare in a rockbar. No attitudes.

Im sad to see you go Hollywood Alley, I have lots of great memories of you though.
I can't believe I never reviewed here before, and so sad it's too late. Just got news that after nearly 25 years, they're closing their doors. Devastated. Me and my guy fell in love here. Planned to get married here. Planned to have Holleywood Alley around! We live 1,200 miles away now, and we are so sorry to hear the awful news. We will miss this place no doubt for many reasons. Thank you, Hollywood Alley, for the amazing memories..
I used to frequent this place back in the day and was sad to hear it's days were numbered.  Loud!, rockin and packed is how I will always remember It.  Hopefully someone takes this place to new heights.
Hollywood Alley RIP!

In my wildest dreams, Hollywood Alley would still be open. I would be at the bar watching the Goonies, eating way too many hot wings, drinking too many vodka crans... Talking shit with the bartenders and other patrons. Ahh, sweet memories. 

I loved Hollywood Alley. We would come here early and watch creepy documentaries with the bartender Eric. Crappy bar food, cheap beer, strong drinks.. What's not to love? Never use the bathroom and try to never imagine what it looked like with all the lights on :) I hope Ross is doing well, such a shame to see this place closed.
The PV is a favorite.  The dive-iest of dive bars.  Strongest and cheapest drinks in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.  Don't come here if you are into places like "The Buzz" or "Axis".
Oh, the good times that used to abound here! this used to be a great spot to see some Tempe locals that wanted to slum it from Casey's or just wanted cheap, strong drinks and some good tunes on the jukebox.

at it's height of trendiness, you could barely move or order a drink at 1 a.m. on the weekend, but it's popularity has waned severely in the past two years. it's a great escape from the college scene, with a couple of pool tables and PBR in a can is the drink of choice type of atmosphere.

i miss when it was fun to go here, not cool. p.s. it's also the type of bar that opens at 6 a.m., so if you're still awake and partying, hitup this joint.
3 1/2

I like the Buck Hunt, super-sized hard core mixed drinks, friendly bartenders, cheapness, backyard for smokers, and with a big group of people you can pretty much take over this place. Also-snackies! 

Not so sure I like the over-the-top (OTT) shady characters here-one guy was quite enamoured of me-and there were some others that I cannot even bear to type out or it will make them real and not a figment of my late night drunk imagination. Also, those drinks made a friend smack me-in a good way, but DAMN-that shit never happened at Caseys.

Not sure how to describe the inside, but I wouldnt want one of those black light DNA sabers in here....uh uh, NO WAY.
Palo is the equivalent of a late night booty call, but not a first or second tier candidate. I'm talking about that last resort option that you've never introduced to your friends and rarely carry on a conversation with outside of the bedroom. It's dark, raucous and everything is kind of hazy the next morning. The drinks are stiff and cheap, so you can get your drunk going strong and wake up the next morning with a pounding headache and mystery bruises. 

I used to come here all the time when I lived at the corner of Priest and Broadway because it was within walking distance and is the first bar to open on any given day. Ah, the memories. Usually relayed to me second hand. 

My favorite thing about this place is the graffiti. Where else are you going to see a squatting naked chick crawling with the crabs, little claws clinging to all sorts of uncomfortable places? Well on the inside of the stall in the women's restroom is where. 

Seconded as, "the dive-iest of dive bars."
You're going to find the guy who's been drinking all day here. You're going to find the tattoo and the studded and the guys who are sure to give Mom a heart-attack if you were to bring them home. Palo Verde is a dive in every sense.

You may even be a little scared before entering the bar. It's dark, small and dingy and is located next to a liquor store on Broadway Road. The bartenders pour a mean drink that is sure to have you stumbling after a few. And you may even run into some Tempe friends who are escaping "the scene." It's a fun place for a few drinks, but it's a rough place to become a regular.
My Vote for Best Jukebox in PHX Metro. Misfits, Dead Kennedy's, umm yea, real music. I missed the sign that said "Black T-Shirts Only", but i met the dress code. This bar most reminds me of some of my favorite Baltimore/Fell's Point Dive Bars: Sharpie everywhere, stickers, tons of homemade stickers, a couple shitty pool tables, er.... Wait.. Is there 2?, ha, I'm usually pretty buzzed by the time I leave, hmm TGFCB(Thank God For Cheap Beer) and they got it.  I still have my headache from last night, haha. Chuck(the owner, I think) is a great guy and the grls are pretty ok too. Smokers can choose fore or aft exterior spots for their wildest carcinogenic pleasures.  All in All, PV is a great spot. If you don't own a Black T, only own white sneakers or think the Dead Kennedy's are Bobby & Jack, don't worry, MIll Ave is only a short drive East, when you get there head North. Unless you have a Black T, then you can turn South and hit the Timeout Lounge at Mill and Southern, heh
How have I not reviewed the PV?  Let me count the reasons to love its non-scene scene... 1) the dirty version of photo hunt is available. 2) you can talk to crazy dudes who try to pick you up by telling you about their job selecting granites and marbles (which takes them to all the finest quarries in Ferrara, Italy) 3) same dude can then transition into a story about that time he was "mistakenly" placed in a mental ward when he really just had a fever which 4) makes you inch closer to the one guy friend you brought with you (which may result in some poor choices later down the line) who is 5) currently playing pool against a dude without some teeth who 6) nearly fought with a group of young jockish hooligans who then 7) went outside where they were out of sight and out of mind because there are not windows or pretenses at the PV and 8) you're too busy drinking your sweet sweet PBR to care.  

Not a great place for action or good decision making, but a wealth of stories to tell and retell await you on any given night.  I think I have the high score in both the male and female dirty versions of photo hunt on their machine.... unless they unplugged it recently.
I dig this place-

First found it last year after a Company Xmas party-  Hotel bar had closed and this was the closest place they knew of-

Walked into a smoke tinged room with tattoos and wallet chains a plenty- this is my crowd.  Even though i showed up in a suit and the girl i was with had on a cocktail dress, no one gave us a second awkward glance-

Since I have the pleasure of traveling out to Phoenix a few times a year, I have made sure to stop by the Palo Verde as often as I can- minus the suit of course.

  It is always interesting to see what kind of crowds you see in a bar on weeknights-  

Punk Rock playing loud and cheap stiff drinks flowing easily-
I haven't been in here for 10-years... though from other yelpers reviews it sounds like it remains the same - the epitome of a dirty dive bar!

If you are hankering for a run down old-school bar to get hammered in - this is the place! Don't forget your blade for the inevitable knife fight in the parking lot.
p.v is strange. 


a third and very friendly reservation crowd. 

 third college hip-semi-hip  crowd who seems to end up there when another bar turns down letting one of their under-age friends in...


a third of the crowd seems to be a certain alcoholic, and some older working class folk.


..its the type of place that i feel like i ..out of respect to the older patrons ... i should not be..


yet... i continue to end up there weekend after weekend...

its dirty, and has the occasional drifting urine smell...

 when you run out of options cough* ...its does the job. 

friendly bar, friendly people for the most part. cheap drinks

otherwise, nothing cool about going intruding on this longtime tempe dive..
I know I'm not the first and I know I'm not the last person who has or will throw up at the Palo Verde on their 21st birthday.  I came in their already blind drunk and the bartender served me a gigantic, obscenely huge shot of Jagermesiter on the house.  

Throwing up at the Palo Verde is hitting rock bottom.  It's like admitting to smoking crack before work.

In case you've never been there before, here's the rundown:  It's disgusting.  There's a mop hanging up outside that's gotta be in the running for "Dirtiest Mop in Tempe," second only to a mop used for a murder scene... although I can't say for certain that the PV's mop hasn't done the same.

The bathroom... my god.  One time I went in there, and there were flies on the toilet paper.  Once, I had diarrhea (I know! it was bad!) and some fat guy snorting cocaine sparked some conversation, "Man, I've been going to bars for 18 years, never had to shit in one before, though."  

The bartenders are hilarious.  The one guy, Chuck, looks like he'd beat the shit out of you for wiping your nose wrong, but he's as nice as anyone I've ever met.  

The drinks are stiff.  Ten bucks will get you more absinthe you know what to do with.  Chances are, you will stumble out of the PV, jump on your bicycle and wind up home somehow, giggling like a madman.

I love it there.  I would give it five stars, but I had to surrender one due to the "punching machine," they installed and the classic rock that some douche-nozzle always puts on the jukebox.
PV isn't as nasty as everyone says. So what if the bathroom door is merely propped up against the doorframe and the guy with the eye-patch sitting at the end of the bar won't stop smiling and licking his lips? The drinks are cheap and it's got real soul. Despite the bar's appearance the bartenders are all really friendly and surprisingly witty. It's cash only though, which can be shitty if you're not prepared. And then there's the mop. It's always there! Hanging on that wire.

Highlight: The patio outside feels like your friend's friend's trashy backyard: lots of chairs haphazardly arranged around a small dirt/cement area, all of which have missing legs and/or the seats busted out.
An enthusiastic five stars.

I haven't been to PV in two or three years. The first time I stumbled in, a Pit Bull walked the bar. Like, ON the bar. A thirtysomething army guy on leave hit on my girlfriend ("I just want you to know I'm over there fighting for your freedom"). A mailman chatted me up about how he couldn't decide what he hated more, his job or his wife. I slept in the back of my truck. Bliss.

Then the hipsters came. Until they all descended on Rogue (and then Hot Pink, and then tens of other silly dance club nights), PV was the place to be seen. It was kind of annoying, but at least it was loud. Bars are best when they're loud.

Then it got quiet again. That's cool, too. The drinks were still stiff and cheap. It's too bad I moved so far away.
Mmmmnnnn... The Dirty Verde.

If the phrase "Shit hole" were in the dictionary, there might be a picture of the Palo Verde Lounge next to it. But, it's one of my favorite shit holes...

It's kind of got a post-apocalyptic clubhouse feel to it, but not because anybody was trying to be 'edgy'. It's just kinda falling apart... On the worst of nights, one can smell the evidence of unthinkable things going on in the bathroom if one happens to be sitting at the wrong end of the bar.

The juke box is not bad, but it kinda depends on who put the last couple of bucks in it. It goes from punk to hair metal to radio pop. The live Iron Maiden certainly adds to the ambiance when the Whiskey Tango crown is out in full force.

None of that really matters though, because the PV is a drinking bar. This place is about strong cocktails and cheap pitchers, and it has both. The bartenders usually serve up said beverages with the kind of friendly disinterest that allows one to focus on the task at hand. 

There's also a surprisingly large selection of microwave food and meaty-greasy people treats to line your stomach. That might be useful, should the booze hit a little too hard... 

`Cuz let's face it, if you're at the Dirty Verde, you're either there because you want to get drunk or NEED to get drunk.
The PV is the ultimate dive bar. It should get some sort of national award. It has the most lewd and original bathroom graffiti in the world. There's holes in the walls and the ceiling. There's always something unexpected on the TV. The last time I was there I was watching Titanic with subtitles and drinking double shots of absinthe. The drinks are made so stiff that if you drink more than 20 dollars worth you'll be dead. Avoid the scene certain nights. That one guy who walks around squawking like a parrot will probably get on your nerves. Sometimes hardcore bands take over and play so loud your ears might start bleeding.
This bar is the divey-est of dive bars, but it's a great bar. The music is decent, the bartenders &amp; owner are really friendly, the drinks are cheap (and strong). Most of the people that go into the bar are regulars, and those that are not, are treated as if they were.

However, it's not the most clean place in the hood. That, and the cash only schtic is kind of a pain in the ass if you have no cash &amp; you're going there on a whim (or aren't prepared).

Make sure to make your mark in the bathroom.. bring a sharpie!
Looking for a dive bar, you got it! Been a long time favorite of mine and not sure why it took me soo long to write a review. I had some friends come for a visit from Tucson and they really just wanted a bar that they didn't have to worry bout dress code and obnoxious college students- Palo Verde it is! The bartenders they always have there are super nice- the crowd is very friendly and 'lax. The drinks are cheap that's for sure and if you wanna play a game of pool and dig some good 'ol rock & punk music blaring from the blown out speakers, this is your new spot. Definitely gotta keep a close eye out tho for it's location. You can easily pass it up if you're not looking. A Diamond in the ruff if you will :)
After a brief hiatus with the Palo Verde, I returned.  For a while there, I was seeing the same people time and time again and I feared that I was becoming a regular so for months I stayed away.

I came back over the weekend and I'm glad I did.  When you go to the PV, sometimes there's a band playing.  Man, the PV does not need a band to be playing there.  The place is tiny.  When people are dancing and singing and what have ya, the temperature inside increases by maybe fifteen degrees.  The humidity raises.  It's disgusting. 

Other times, the place is just too crowded with douchebags who scream, "WHOOH!" each time they do a shot, and of course they won't just do one.  No.  If you say whooh, chances are you like saying it and you're going to use any and every opportunity to say it.  You'll take a shot to say it, you'll put a song on the jukebox you like or meet eyes with an attractive girl.  Whooh!

Saturday night, I feared that maybe these two options were in effect.  But, no.  It was dead and I sat there for a few hours with my sister and my friend and we kicked back, watching Dinocroc and then Dinocroc VS Supergator.  Unfortunately we missed Supergator by itself but we did see the ultimate VERSUS match.  I shot the shit with the bartender/owner Chuck for a bit.  I asked him how much he thought the movie Dinocroc cost to make and he said, "I dunno... not as much as E.T., not as much as Star Wars, but probably more than.... Blair Witch?"

Chuck told me one time he tried call Domino's Pizza because he had the number memorized.  He fucked up on two numbers and accidentally called 1-800-Condoms  I convinced him to call 1-800-pee-on-me and he did.  I saw his face sour and he was like, "Ah, man, nice sound effects...."

It's a great bar.  I love going there, it's just such a nice, chill atmosphere and the drinks are dirt cheap.
Cheap drinks and lively atmosphere. Chuck mixes a hell of a Long Island, do it.
I LOVE PV!
The nature of this bar can appropriatley be summed up in one word, this word has been thrown around describing the pv lounge far more than any other as far as im concerned: dive.
yes and if that frightens you, or that isnt something that draws you like a moth to a flame...or a wino to a dive bar, then for heavens sakes piss off and dont come here! 
For the rest of us that like our beers and pool cheap, our tunes on the loud and punkish side, and our bars divey then you'll love the palo verde lounge. everytime i have been here i see something worthwile:
a fight between two hobos on the way there, punk bands from denver too drunk to properly play, vampish girlies that'll steal your soul at pool with a sly wink, and kids smokin chiba from a beer can in the back alley. It never fails to disappoint! 
on the decor:
It's about as big as my apartment inside ( and my apt is TINY!).
the bathroom is about as equally disgusting as any hovel i have ever been to. There really isnt much room when there is a good band playing here- but who care's!? 
rub elbows w/ your barmates and make acquaintances! everyone is usually really cool and talkative, every time i have been there is someone new to meet.
The PV is just one of the best little bars in the area, and its on the way to and fro from yucca or time out, so stop by for a drink on your ride home!
pee.  this place smells like it.  the 2nd star is for Gina, because she's good.
The service was okay but geez the place smells like pee.
If you know of a place where drinks are strong, these drinks are stronger. Good people, and an even better jukebox. I've had some great times with my lady Palo.
Just as I expected it to be.  A total hole in the wall.  Something that I've driven by dozens of times without ever noticing.  Yes, it does look a bit intimidating from the outside...but that flicker of doubt is what entices you to open the door and then to stay.... for probably way too many drinks. Totally unassuming yet completely unappreciated.


 Typical dive... absolutely no frills.  BUT LADIES, they have hooks for your purse under the bar!!! ... I was shocked... its one of the gnarliest dives I've been to in awhile... yet they have the convenient purse hooks! 

Drinks are cheap - $2 Mickeys- the night I was there... beer inside what looks to be a grenade... and for only two dollars... I'm in.  

The best and most hilarious part is that is doubles as a small convenience store.  There is popcorn, top ramen, mints, nuts, jerky, and more... 

*They do have two pool tables crammed inside*
Sweet local dive, a Tempe institution. Great place to catch a show, and good prices on drinks. Also, there are a few arcades and a pool table in the back, along with a juke box in the corner. Perfect for pregaming or for ending your night of debauchery. Check it!
It's takes a certain type to hang out at the PV. If the bathrooms at the PV could talk, it would be a hell of a story -- I've seen it all there. I met my ex-wife at the PV, it didn't last long (it's that kind of a spot.)
Stopped by the Palo last night to see my favorite Arizona band, Twingiant, and the place was really great.

No cover, nice small setup, cool patrons - THIS is a killer dive bar.

Got 2 Kilt Lifters and they were nice and cheap - three bucks each. 

I'll be back!
Yo, this is strictly reviewed on Dive Criteria. 

The bartender was kind, funny, and very knowledgeable. I wanted a Guiness, and my drinking companion was craving Absinthe (he cray cray...but I thought, hell, why not!?) We searched for a spot which served the Green Fairy, and wouldn't you know it, this little unassuming place Palo Verde popped up.

So, I cannot lie. I was a little nervous when I walked up. It's in a dark lot, next to a liquor store (which now that I think of it is a great plus if you want to after-party) and it had no windows...okay maybe 1 window but it's hazy as fugh. Some would/will say this adds to its charm. I suppose it does.

I think I counted 3 tables in the joint, a couple of arcade games (noice) and two pool tables. This is a strictly a drink, and chill spot. There are a few snacks available which I thought was nice to do for patrons - Chips, Popcorn, Beef Jerky, Gum, Mints ect.

Again, the owner made it a fun time. We watched a little CSI on the TV while we imbibed and chatted. It really felt like hanging out at someone's house...which I liked.

OH and the thing you musn't forget: BRING CASH (There's a Chase on Broadway and Mill if you forget).
Palo Verde is a true Dive Bar Gem, its one of those places that you have to experience to really have lived here in Tempe. Drinks are cheap, I once got a double of Glenfidich for $4.50. Its easy to bring a group and take over, the bartender will usually wrangle the more vocal regulars (as long as your group is spending cash) 

BTW bring CASH! There is no credit here!

If you can make it from 2am until 6am you can begin your morning here, as far as I remember (and the memories of that night are hazy at best) with a happy hour attended by the third shift from the milk plant down the block.

This is not a bar to bring a date to, a partner that you have been with a while...awesome! If you bring a first date and she has a good time, it'll probably be with someone else.
I don't know what this bar was in it's past life. Probably a really awesome shithole where you could grab a drink and chat up a mentally ill local. Unfortunately what it is now is a place that harbors the highest concentration of douchey hipsters I have seen outside of Williamsburg....ever. Weirdly this fact did not totally bother me here. Yes all the guys have ironic facial hair, yes they also are all wearing ironic band t-shirts while the ladies are ironically dressed like they bought all their clothes out of a Delias catalog in the early 90's and yes they ALL use the word 'ironic' CONSTANTLY and out of context. But none of this really irritated me to a point where I felt like I had to find the next closest bar to get shit faced at. The bartender is a dick who makes it his job to let you know how 'uncool' you are (as if anybody after the 7th grade gives a shit:) and the barback is, I am almost certain, partially retarded or doing a really long running impression of Beavis. The patrons are pricks and nobody here has the slightest inkling of a sense of humor but the drinks are cheap and the DJ is pretty cool and that's all that really mattered to us last night. Farewell AZ, you will not be missed:)
Really scary place. The White Russian special that night was horrific. They added too much milk.
I can't like PV enough.  When I worked in Tempe it was my go-to bar.  It sure ain't fancy, and it does have that dive bar smell, and ambiance, but I will tell you the facts: You have never seen such an eclectic mix of music in a jukebox; you have never seen an eclectic mix of friendly patrons; you have never had cheap drinks like this.  All of my great bar hopping nights in Tempe have included PV.  I wish I was there now.
so the bartender was nice, and the beer wasn't pricey, but still. when i walked in, a thought came to mind that I can honestly say had never hit me before walking into any other bar.

"that guy who runs bar rescue would have a field day with this place". There's so much potential for a bar at that location, but something about it just feels like management doesn't care/has no interest in making it a remotely popular place. I think I only know two people who speak highly of the place, and all of their friends disagree with them. I want to love this place but it's just so darn divey that i have to believe there are health code violations of some sort there. 

I'm totally willing to believe that a year or two ago, this was a fun and popular dive, but I got the feeling this place was on a sharp decline.
I adore this place!  Kind of reminds me of the bars I frequented as a kid (no, not to drink).  The staff is always super friendly and the vibe is casual (think meeting your slightly-rough-around-the-edges neighbors for a drink, as opposed to your work buddies).  The beer is familiar, and ramen and slim jims are about as fancy as they get for bar food.  Never too crowded and always worth stopping in :)
Typical divebar. Punk rock crowd. It's located in an industrial park area of town. 
Not the best location. Looks to have recent addition of backroom. Backroom has no character. Feels like a hotel ballroom. Come on guys.... Invest in some stage lighting. Overall..... Don't expect much. Nonsmokers need not enter.
It's kind of a sketchy looking place when you walk in. Few pool tables and some neon beer signs. The sort of place where you would expect Patrick Swayze to walk in and start beating people over the head with que sticks. 

The bar girls are very friendly and the man cans of Pabst are only $3.50 (Booya!). 

The stage area in the back feels more like a class room but that's cool. Once in while they bring in some decent comedy. 

And my personal favorite from my last visit was the creepy dude in the corner with a briefcase. Yeah a real briefcase. Seriously, what's in there? Scarface phone? A bunch of coke? Briefs? The curiosity was killing me but I couldn't muster up the strength to actually find out. Maybe next time, guess I'll have to go back.
I will go for Las Vegas Burlesque Live! Otherwise, getting a drink from that lame chick, Marie, is like delivering bad news to someone who's cat just got ran over. What really pisses me off, is the last time I was there, I asked for a cup of water. It was loud due to the live band playing. She brought me a bottle. I politely told her a cup would be fine. The look that bitch gave me...I wanted to slap it right off of her face. First of all, it's your f'n job. Second, I have worked in this biz for over 15 years and I appreciate an upsale. The bar was busy, so it really wasn't necessary. Third, Don't assume a bottle is what I wanted. And then get pissed because I didn't want it after we just bought 5 drinks. You are lame and I will tell everyone I know about you. The owner is super friendly and gets it. She knows what she is there for. I think Marie needs a hug. Even so, it probably wouldn't change her rotten attitude. A few months back, before leaving, I came up and left a tip for the night. It was pretty big. Do you think I got any love? So I haven't left a tip since and she just reinforces my decision. Yay for Cha Cha's Burlesque shows! Boo for the bitter bartender. I'll just wait and go somewhere else, like Frankie's, where I get treated better. Thanks! But NO THANKS! Lame.
Hellz, yeah, Boomers!

Who doesn't like boobies??  You can't find that person.  I challenge you!

Live Burlesque has their monthly show here and it is fantastic!  I like that you can reserve a booth so you can feel like a big shot Rat Pack member whilst watching the sparkly ladies take off their unmentionables!

Drinks are totally reasonable.  Not over-priced like you'll find on the strip!

Come to the Halloween show!  Yours truly will be performing along with a stellar cast.  A good time will be had, for certain!
Came here for New Years Eve and the burlesque show. It was a really great time. This place is a total dive bar, but I like my bars divey. The burlesque show was very good, very funny and the room is small enough where most seats are good seats.

This has been mentioned in other reviews, but the Boom Boom Room (where the burlesque show is) is quite small. So get there early unless you want to sit in the back.

The crowd was lively and fun. I had no problems with the service either, everyone was really great.  There isnt much around here though, I don't live in Vegas, so I couldn't tell you whats even close. Its like a totally random business area. 

I wish they had the show more then once a month tho! :(
Nothing to complain about.  Went down for a comedy show on Sunday, I think they do it every Sunday...if they do, YOU NEED TO CHECK IT OUT.  Booya and his crew are the business.  Only $2 enterance fee.  Bartender was really cool...what was her name...

Game of pool?  Totally in.  You'll probably lose your dollar the first try, but the bartender will definitely toss you a bill to replace it.
Also, they've got a new school Juke Box.  Righteous!!
Same here, nothing to complain about. I really like the location of this bar. It's tucked away just West of the strip in a dark area with the Vegas lights in full sight. Perfect place to chill and get a few cold ones in before going inside. 

I been here a few times all for bands coming through town. They have a nice little set up inside with a back room and small stage for the bands. 

It's been a few months since I been here but I'll definitely be back when another worthy name comes through.
I'll support any quality metal band that travels over 6,150 miles into the hot desert, so last night I came here again just for that. This time around it was Romania's Negura Bunget. 

Every year there tends to be more shows around May, June and July. You can thank the huge music fests that are coming up within the next couple months, i.e. Maryland Deathfest, Central Illinois Deathfest, Chaos en Tejas, etc. A lot of the bands are actually from overseas and don't tour the states that often. So if you can't make it to one of these festivals, you still have a chance to see some bands that take advantage of being state side and tour. 

On a side note, some more bands touring as of right now: Nasum (Sweden), The Devil's Blood (Sweden), Demonical (Sweden), Church of Misery (Japan) and Horna (Finland) to name a few. 

The place was the busiest I've ever seen it. There was only 1 bartender working so the wait for drinks was longer than usual. I seen about 10 different kinds of beer on tap. Domestic pitchers were $12 and $16 for imports. 

I had a good time largely due to friends and the live music. Negura performance was on point. A Black Metal band with traditional Romanian folk instruments would be my brief description. Being in the position to see them again within a few weeks in Maryland is definitely a plus.
I only went for an event in the back room. As I pulled into the parking lot, I saw a woman trying to cross the area in front of me. I flashed my lights and she started to approach my car until she saw I was a woman. So...  hookers in the parking lot? For me as a one year resident in Vegas, i was disappointed by the area and the lack of any kind of security present to disallow things like that. But it seems to have a very specific event following for certain burlesque and comedy shows which are in the back room. Other than that it's a pretty empty beer bar. Yikes.
I've been here a couple of times for some comedy shows.  The drink prices are great.  The back room is a good size room for a comedy show.  The sound and lighting are great for this type of audience.   It's nothing fancy but does the trick.  I haven't had the food but the serving sizes looks plentiful and I haven't heard any thing bad about the food.
My 1st visit and of course it was a Saturday night for the monthly burlesque show.  I had NO idea it would be as packed as it was, but also didn't think I would have such a blast either.
The bar itself is huge with plenty of seating, pool tables, darts and a stage. The bar itself is long with tons of stools and room to order drinks. The bartenders were very busy, but managed to make almost everyone happy (there is always that one guy) and the prices are pretty reasonable.
The burlesque show is in the back room. The seating was, limited and if you do find a seat your lucky. We could have reserved a VIP booth for $100 prior, but didn't think it would be worth it...it would is!  I would however suggest you don't get one in the back as everyone else standing will be in front of you.
Over all, fun bar and good crowd. We hung around for an hour or so just talking and relaxing at the bar.
Oh...parking is a bit crazy on busy nights and street parking is allowed. Just watch for the red zone on the one side.
I usually only go to Boomer's when they are having an event in their back room (mostly the amazing burlesque shows held there).  Parking is not an issue as they have a lot, plus ample room on the street. I am not a drinker, but have noticed that the bartenders are very prompt and courteous, and prices reasonable. The men's bathroom is clean and well-stocked.  Plenty of tables, plus they have pool and a few other bar-type activities.  One of my favorite things to do is walk up and down the metal steps on the East side of the building.  They look like they've been taken from a ship or something.  The bottom step is a bit bowed, so be careful with that one.
This was a very nice chill bar. I went on a Sunday for the comedy show which was unfortunately cancelled. Yet 4 comedians showed up and the owner allowed us to put on the show without the regular host. One of my friends took over the hosting and we had a very funny comedy show. The drinks at the bar are well priced not too expensive. 
They have a kitchen that's separately owned but it's good. The food is good. Not blow your socks off good but it definitely did not disappoint. 
They also put on a burlesque show every last Saturday of the month
umm, they are open 365days 24/7..ok, disregard the previous comment.  This bar is not open 24hrs, my bad.  I only come here on Sunday's, they have open mic comedy hosted by DAT DUDE DONNIE, right now you can catch DAT DUDE every Friday night hosting and headlining at Sapphire's Friday Comedy  Hour.  (Sounds like I'm a promoting him, hmm) ok, so I am just a little.  Oh yea, this is a review about the bar huh? 

This is a old school bar, off in the cut.  Cheap drinks and even cheaper laughs.  The bartender LISA is really, really cool.  Please tip Lisa if you do happen to take a trip on the wild side and experience BOOMER'S.  I don't know what it is like during the other days of the week, but Sunday is a Adventure and she's bartending SOLO up in there.  

No real pizzazz here, a couple of pool tables, dim lights, chairs and bar stools.  

BE WARNED: the bathroom stall door in the ladies restroom sticks.  I promise (and I'm laughing as I type this) my friend got stuck in the bathroom for like 15mins.  She couldn't text me because she left her phone w/ me.  When she came out of the restroom she hits me on the shoulder and says: "B!tch, didn't you hear screaming your name? I was stuck in the bathroom"  My response was: "No hag, I was wondering what was taking you so long"

hahahahahahahaaaaa, I don't care, that is still funny till this day and that happened like 6months ago.


Overall Boomers is an ok spot..

 but this is only my opinion, check it out for yourself

Dee :-)
Boomers! What! Cam here for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and I will be back for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and the cheap drinks! 

An average divey, hole in the wall, down to earth bar. Good size bar and seating area, they have a couple pool tables and I think a dart board. Their Lagunitas IPA is $3.50! And you can start your drinking with the free Bud or Budlight with your Yelp check in. Crown or Jack(I can't remember what the BF ordered) was $4-4.50. Not bad either way. 

Come to the Christmas in July Burlesque show on July 26th. You're in for a treat!
The Cheyenne's been around for a while now.  At first it was mainly a country and western bar and restaurant.  I remember my friend dragging me here when I was 14, kinda goth, and she wanted me to learn line dancing.  Oh, that was mortifying.  Hilarious in retrospect, mortifying in the moment.

Now it serves as mainly just a bar and music venue.  For a small local place, the stage ain't too bad.  For the type of music they bring in (X107.5ish sounding stuff, for the most part) they do a good job, although if you're not into it I doubt you'd stay long.  

Service tends to be quick even if the bar's packed and the prices are reasonable.

I come out to see my friends' bands and that's pretty much all that would get me out there.
The Cheyenne is definitely way out there - in the northern part of Vegas.  We found ourselves here because of a local band playing - The Day After.  Cover charge was $10, which was a bit steep for a dive bar.  (I think they had a major act coming up, but we didn't stay for it.) 

Tons of parking here, a pretty long bar to work with, and a few pool tables that occupy the space as well.  Walk down a step and there's a dance floor in front of the stage.  More of a place for bands to perform than anything.  And yes, it can be deafening here.

Prices could be cheaper - $6 for a whiskey and water.  I didn't really peruse the drink selection, but another friend wasn't too impressed with their well drink choices.

Women's bathrooms were surprisingly clean - well lighted with toilet seat covers, toilet paper, hand soap and hand towels.

You'll probably only come if there's a band you've been watching out for.
Went here on a Thursday night to hear a few local bands play. The sound in here is killer, great place for the heavier acts to play in.

Yes its up in North Las Vegas, but a good show is a good show. There is tons of parking and a Micky D's in the same parking lot if you are looking for cheap eats before or after you hit up the bar. This night I just stuck with pitchers of beers with friends so I can't really comment on how much they charge for mixed drinks or the quality. 

All I know is that I will return to the Saloon for more shows because this place is great for that local band feel and sound that I have been missing.
The Cheyenne hosted the first Doom in June festival. Awesome staff and the sound setup was great. Pitchers flowed cheap. We drove all the way from the San Francisco bay area and will be back next year for Doom 2. Cheers to saloon for hosting all of us!
Not amazing but looking for a dive differently a place to check out!
My first review, so I'll start with a place I'm familiar with. 

The only time I go to the Cheyenne Saloon is for shows, particularly underground metal shows. During my time of 2 1/2 years here, I seen performances from Sadistic Intent, Monstrosity, Master, Vital Remains, Dreaming Dead, Goreaphobia, Deceased, Gravehill, Diabolic... all of which are well respected in the metal community. Now back to my review. 

I think this place is perfect for shows. Personally, I like a bar setting for shows. I'm also not a fan of the stage being close to the entrance, not the case here at the Cheyenne. I'm not too sure about their bar prices because I don't drink when I'm going as just me and when I do drink, it's more of me to congregate in the parking with fellow show goers with store bought beer. The bouncers there are pretty laid back and not too critical when the place gets rowdy up front. 

My only gripe with this place is the smoke and pool tables. This place gets pretty smokey and your clothes stink after wards. As for the pool tables, they could use some leveling. I would comment about the bathrooms but do you really expect a nice bathroom in any bar that has these type of shows? 

Words of advice. Bring your ID, you will be carded. 

So if you see a show in town you want to check out here, don't hesitate to check the place out.
This is the first place in Vegas that let me book my shows. They started it all for me. I like this place but never work things out with them where it profits us to play here. the bands love this place and beg to play here. They get some huge acts sporadically coming through here also. The drinks are affordable and the sound is excellent for a medium sized club. I will always like this place and support them, long live The Cheyenne Saloon!!! "PAN"
Love this place!!  Close to home, inexpensive, dive bar with pool tables, dart board, decent tunes and friendly bar keeps! (shout out to Chance!)  Just what we've been looking for!!  Felt like home.  I just wish there were more local punk shows.  Seems like your choices are Metal, Hip Hop or Country. We went there today to do a little re-con to see if it is a place we'd like to go when there is a band we like playing... and were so pleasantly surprised to find out that on Sundays the Pool tables are OPEN!! aka FREE.... Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!!  Top that off with a Pitcher of Fosters for $7.00 and they just bought themselves loyal return customers!!  So what if I,m cheap... I ain't easy!
Awesome local bands, and great prices on drinks.
This place is Ghetto and in the Ghetto!! But its the only venue that has  Death Metal concerts which out weights all its cons! Bartenders are cool and friendly tho!
While I am not too big a fan of the dive bar scene, this is a good place to catch a local show.  A friend's hubby is in a band, and they frequently perform here, so I came here for two of his shows.  

Wow, this bar is roomy!  I am used to cramped dive bars, but this place is quite large, with lots of room even away from the "concert floor".  They have a couple pool tables and a couple of arcade games, though those tend to be blocked by an engineering booth during live shows.  There is a pit in front of the stage which acts as a concert floor.   I can't comment on the drinks since both times I came I was a sober driver.

The sound is crisp and clear, and while it is a smaller music venue the audio never feels like it's going to blow your eardrums to South America.  If you stand near the bar or pool tables, you can even have a reasonably audible conversation.  Shows do have cover, but the prices are very reasonable, and you can often get presale tickets for less if you know anyone in the bands.

I do have one large pet peeve with shows in this venue: they never start on time!  They go by what I have effectively dubbed "Cheyenne Saloon time", in that all shows start one hour AFTER their scheduled start time.  The second time I came here, my friend's band was third on the lineup, and the first band started just after 10 PM.  They eventually went on at like 1 in the morning, and by then we were all burnt out and just wanted to go home (the second band was awful, and were on stage for about an hour compared to most other bands who play for around 30 mins).  Please start on time!

Secondly, since I wasn't drinking alcohol, I wanted an energy drink.  They didn't have Red Bull, but they had some generic brand that I never heard of.  The can still cost five or six bucks!  Are you kidding me?  Some of the domestic beer costs less than that, and it's not even Red Bull!  Non-alcoholic drinks SHOULD NOT cost as much as an import brew.  Makes it harder to want to be a DD, le sigh.

By the way, someone scratched a passage from the Book of Revelation in the bathroom, and it's filled with typos.  That's annoying to this English major, so fix it!

Personally, I don't like watching concerts in bars, preferring an exclusively music venue like The Farm, but it still is a good place to catch a show, and I will probably find myself coming here again for other shows.

PROS:
Big and roomy for a dive bar
Clear audio that doesn't sound too loud or distorted.  
Good setup for shows

CONS:
Generic energy drinks are pricey for this DD!
You'll come out smelling like a human sized Malboro
Shows start late!  

THE VERDICT:  Good live music venue, but not a favorite of mine.  I'll occasionally come back.
OK so it's a dive...that happens to have live bands playing, and I was there for Jungle Rot and Immolation!
Beer prices are very fair,even on weekends, but don't expect premium drafts. They have a few of those available in bottles,but seeing as how I'm watching my weight, I settled for a $4 Miller lite!
Had a great time at the show, as I always do. Never tried their daily drink specials, but I have bought pitchers here. Again, fair prices.
Here's my favorite part: it's close to Savers! I can go thrift store shopping then go get a drink and watch a show,love!
I went to Cheyenne Saloon for a concert on Halloween night, 2011.  What a night that was.  The show was supposed to start at 9:00.  It started closer to 10:00 with local band Kreep.  They were great.  The sound was aweful but that was no fault of the band.  They were getting frustrated by it and had to cut their set short.  This sentiment was echoed by the next band (whose name is not worth remembering) and the headliner, the legendary and surprisingly unknown Anvil.  When all was said and done, I had been taken from Monday evening to the early hours of Tuesday morning.  It was a crazy fun night.  I love a good rock show.   The sound may have been horrible.  The air may have been saturated with cigarette smoke.  The drinks may have been pricey.  The point is, it was a fun and intimate setting for such music.  By intimate I mean small enough that there is a very real chance you will get to meet the bands and have a drink with them.  I met Kreep through a mutual friend.  He met Anvil by staying a while after the show.  If you are a metal head like me.  If you appreciate the unknown garage rock sound.  If you don't mind a somewhat dirty and sketchy environment, by all means check out Cheyenne Saloon.  It can be fun.  Just don't expect too much.
I must make this clear at the beginning of the review...I'm not reviewing the Cheyenne Saloon as a bar, but as a concert venue. I don't drink at all, so I couldn't even begin to expound on whether or not the drinks are worth the money or not or if their selection is anything to write home about. This is all about the musical side of this particular place.

The Cheyenne Saloon is a fantastic shithole. It's situated in a not-so-great part of town in the furthest corner of a nondescript strip mall on the corner of Cheyenne and Rancho. You would never think that it would be such a great place to see a show, but the bottom line is that it's perhaps one of the most intimate venues in town AND the shows are usually dirt cheap (Anywhere between Free and $25).

Recently, the stage area was given an overhaul and the room looks fantastic compared to how it used to look. The stage is much more wide open and the ceiling has been gutted and re-worked so it's much higher and less claustrophobic. Unfortunately, the air conditioning is actually worse than it was before...so the place usually becomes a sweatbox by the middle of the show. 

The pit in front of the stage is about two feet lower than the main floor of the venue and enclosed with a small fence, so it's quite easy to avoid the maelstrom that sometimes erupts in front of the stage simply by staying on the main floor. It's sort of a nice feature, as it becomes frustrating when trying to watch a band, manage a beverage and make sure no one is careening towards you from the mosh pit.

The only real downsides to this joint are the somewhat rowdy clientele and the pervading smell of smoke throughout the entire venue. You DEFINITELY can plan on washing your clothes the night after a show if you want to completely get the smell off of you.

Despite these few downsides, this place is really a paradise for fans of metal music. While they do have the occasional punk show, this place tends to lean towards bringing in national 90s metal bands as well as heavier local acts. It's pretty neat to see bands that use to headline House of Blues and Ozzfest up close because nine times out of ten they come off of the stage and hang out afterwards...great photo opportunities and autograph signings may ensue.

Just so you can get an idea as to some of the acts they've had in this venue, here's some of the bands I've seen come through the Cheyenne Saloon:

Mushroomhead
Powerman 5000
Fear Factory
Soulfly
Paul D'ianno & Blaze Bayley (ex-singers of Iron Maiden)

Not at all a bad place for a heavy music fan to be. Check out their show schedule!
I reviewed this once and yelp removed it because, they said, it didn't include a first hand experience.  so, here's my review with a first-hand experience.  I went there...and it was a filthy dump.
Very slow service. Stood at the bar for 20 min before getting served. Finally got my drink & it was served to me in one of those small plastic juice glasses! That sat empty for awhile before anyone noticed. Finally got the bartender's attention & ordered another. This time he took my glass, with some water in the bottom (melted ice) & added stuff to it & served it to me that way! I just looked with a shocked expression & he asks me "What? You don't want it?".
It had been YEARS since I'd been in there. Only went because a friend's band was playing. That will be the only thing that gets me back in that place.It's a shame the sound guy couldn't get it right. They no longer serve food either.  Apparently the new ownership hasn't made a difference.
First visit and didn't even know the place was there till just last week when I joined a pool league and was given the location.  What can I say about the place, it's a typical bar from what I've seen so far.  It had a decent beer and drink selection, friendly staff (Cali the bartender was great) and decent seating.
The majority of the bar is for pool tables, with an area off to the side for concerts it appears.  Everyone was talking about the last concert and said it was great.  I could see why, but haven't been to one, so can't rate it that way yet.
The other patrons were friends and fun bar folk.  I could tell there were some regulars there, but it seemed to have a good mix of everyone.  The ratio of women to men was horrible, so if you are looking to meet women there I wouldn't suggest going on a Tuesday night at least.
I didn't see a menu so I don't think they served food, but the beer was cold and cheap.  The bar was pretty smokey, and I'm pretty sure I was the only one not smoking the whole evening.  It's a bar, people smoke, so if you don't like smoke...this isn't the place for you.
I will be back...have pool league there every Tuesday for the next 3 month, so as I learn more, I'll post more.
Place has seen better days, but at least they've upgraded the sound system.
I've been shooting pool in this place for years.
In fact, within the past few years they upgraded their tables to Diamonds, which are my favorite tables.
The owner is very friendly and I can't remember a night that I've been there and not seen him, which is uncommon for a lot of pubs in this area.
It's a shame that their kitchen shut down after the smoking laws came into effect, because the food was pretty good.
They have video poker, a nice (but often too loud) jute-box and a rather substantial dance-floor and stage.
They also have bands in there regularly on Fri. and Sat. nights (but they're also a little too loud for me...I'm old).
I know the place inside and out, and when I'm there, I usually know most of the other people in there as well.
But I've seen people walk in there for the first time, and they seem to just blend in like family.
That's the atmosphere...It's welcoming.
Simple bar, nothing too special. I went for a event to watch some bands and had a good time but not a place I would come back to. Only person that was cool was the door man. Watch some people playing pool and grab some drinks.
Hard to decide what to rate this place.

We drink, and now that they added food offerings we eat,  and shot some pool, but we came for the live music.

Last night Feb 13, we went to see a real good local band called Resurrection LV that we saw first at Las Vegas Country Saloon and also at the Dive Bar.

We paid $5 each to get in. Worth it because Resurrection was awesome, and we also liked the band after them from Oregon called Buckle Rash.  

We definitely will see Resurrection again, they have a show March 15 back at Cheyenne, and we are going to check them out at the new BB's Clubhouse over on Boulder Hwy on March 11th No cover and its Biker and Ladies Nite, and maybe at Dive Bar again on March 13. 

Back to review of Cheyenne Saloon - its got a good sound system, not that I'm an expert, but it sounded good. The sound guy was funny and the door guy was nice. The bartender was cool.
\m/   \m/   I may look like an accountant or IT guy but at heart I'm really a metalhead! Now granted, I've only lived in LV for a year and a half but as far as I can tell, this is pretty much the epicenter of the metal scene in this town. So far I've only been here once but I definitely had a great time and I'll definitely be back! Huge Fosters cans were $5 which I thought was a pretty good price during a show. I must add that for a smaller club, the sound here is quite high quality. Some could argue that when a band like Cattle Decapitation is doing their thing, PA quality wouldn't matter, but I disagree. Despite the massive sound and huge vocal range, I couldn't hear any distortion (guitars of course withstanding) ;).
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for quite some time seeing as I frequent this saloon often when I go to see bands perform.

I give this place a 'one star' because well...it's horrible.


The drinks are some of the worst drinks I've ever consumed. I ordered a long island and got syrup and water. It was disgusting. They don't have a great beer selection by any means unless you favor the more commercial pisswaters, such as bud, bud-light, bud-extra-light...lime? Anyway...

When bands play live, the sound system that they have don't do them any justice. Pentagram played there recently and even Bobby Liebling complained quite a few times during their set. Every band I come to see complain about the horrible sound "system" they have to endure. The way they handle shows is not the greatest, with promoting, the amount they charge, the sound. This venue is thee worst possible place to have a band play.

Besides the place being a ghetto-styled, dirty cesspool, I would never come here willingly if it weren't for the bands that have no other choice but to.
I just saw Sacred Reich here and I really liked the place. Yeah, it's a little dive bar, but that's exactly what I expected. The sound is pretty good, they have pretty decent specials on your standard beers  and the bartenders didn't try to act too hip to serve you. There are a few pool tables and a kitchen, too (pizza, I think).  That's about all you can really ask for, in my opinion. I dig the separate, sunken area in front of the stage too. It keeps the pit contained and allows an extra couple of feet viewing space for people a little farther back.  It seems to be mostly smaller/local, hardcore metal bands, so if that's your thing, I recommend this place. Again, a dive bar in a sketchy shopping center, but a really good place to see a smaller-level metal show. Check it out.
I used to come here back in the 90s when this was a great bar.

Well it's no longer the 90s and it's no longer a great bar.
Not much going on here usually, but you can usually get cheap drink specials....a good place for overflow traffic if it's much more popular neighbor, the Cafe Momo is packed.
Like the other guy said - useful if another restaurant is packed (like the Old Fashioned on the night  I went there).  

Wouldn't be my first choice though since the scene is completely dead here.  There were a couple elderly couples there, but that's basically it.  Not exactly where you want to spend your sat night...

Pluses include good prices on specials here (greek/mediterranean mostly), and a very flamboyant, entertaining main waiter.
I really liked this place for a while - it was kind of undiscovered and had something about it with the half-assed decor. They also have a super-random patio area.

But the last time we were there, the bartender was a complete jackass - and also decided that shots are going to be 1/2 size tonight.

Will I go again? Probably, because it's so close - and they do have $2 rails on Tuesday or Wednesday.
Mercury was a summer staple for me years ago, mostly because the bartender never once charged me for a drink. We also worked out a deal on their near-empty 80s nights with DJ McFly: you give us $2 PBR tallboys and rails, we'll pack your bar weekly. It worked out for the best - the Merc actually made money and we had a weekly dance party that we didn't have to clean up after. 

In the seven or so years that have passed, Mercury has gone downhill (or, realistically, stopped offering the perks on the side that made it worthwhile). On a recent visit, the only people at the bar on a Friday night were our friends - all there to hear our friend DJ. I do love they have an ample back patio (something I don't remember from years back), and the drinks are apparently still cheap (I don't know for sure, I only had one and a friend purchased it), so it's not a total loss, and if they keep letting our friend DJ I'll probably be back. 

If I do go back, though, I'll have to remember to stash a roll of toilet paper in my purse, as they were completely out of paper products. No TP, no towels, no napkins. How you don't keep a stockpile in back, I don't know. Even if your regular delivery falls through, you'd think for a Friday someone would have run up the block to Walgreens to buy a few rolls or at the very least asked a neighboring restaurant to help out. 

Also, friends, keep an eye out when coming in from the patio - the back step tilts downward and slippery shoes or a drunk gait might send you tumbling.
is toast.  Or rather toasted.  It burned/was heavily water damaged by the Underground Kitchen fire a year ago or so.  However I see signs of life as of last week (2/2013)...so we'll see what reopens.
Ugh. Cesspool of a college bar, the only place at which I was ever, as far as I can tell, overtly discriminated against on the basis of (perceived) sexual orientation.

I stopped in for a quick happy hour drink with two friends, one a lesbian, one bisexual; all three of us "look" non-heterosexual to a certain extent. Anyway, we paid for this; the old guy tending bar pointedly ignored us, at one point literally ignoring our polite "Excuse me"s to wait on a cute blonde in the OTHERWISE EMPTY BAR. 

I am not eager to ever return.
I have been told to never venture into their stinky, gross bathrooms. But, let us herald the 2.00 Spotted Cow brews from the Red Shed Tavrn and the fact that you can find a seat with it not being as jam packed as Wando's. With a short distance walk from the chicken and fish fry truck for a late night snack, 'tis not too bad of a place. Though the name is rhyming, it doesn't have the uniqueness of a Dr. Seuss book, but is average oooh.
Welcome to a dive bar that is a dive bar without irony.  Home of fantastic gigantic long islands sold in mason jars.  The Red Shed tends to attract college kids and dudes going to games. There's table soccer, darts, and pool.  I have good word this place hasn't changed since the 1970's.
DO NOT GO HERE..

Ok, I warned you.  Good thing you blacked out for the broken glass in the toilets, the sinks that turn into urinals, etc etc.

But wasn't the foosball game you played at 1 am a lot of fun?

And aren't you still trying to figure out what were in those mason jars?  No, they were definitely bigger than pints jars.  Those were quart jars....  And your hangover is bad enough that you may never go near those tomatoes you canned last summer.

There is a covered wagon, oregon-trail-style, over the door.  Real Western.  Ever seen hbo's deadwood?   You're lucky to leave deadwood's tavern alive.  Same goes for the red shed.

DO NOT GO HERE.

(I can't wait to go back)
3 or 4 stars?  I can't decide.  I'll dole out a on-the-high-side-of-3-stars rating...mostly because I won't go here most evenings.  And when I go here, it's almost never my idea.

The Red Shed is a remarkable blend of Dive and Douche.  It's only Douche because it's around the corner from Wando's, so said people trickle in for cheap drinks high in alcohol content.  If this bar were located anywhere else, it would be a backwoods, "everyone's packin' heat"-kind of bar.  

They have $6 mason jar long islands.  They will f up your s.  That said, you shouldn't visit Madison without getting your s f'd up by drinking one of these bad boys.  Wisconsinites really know the best and quickest routes to becoming alcoholics.

The service is always nice and fairly prompt.  There's a 'big game hunting' game to add to the ambiance.  The music is okay sometimes.  BUT....and it's a big but.....avoid the bathroom.  It is a mix between a very small, dark prison cell and the toilet from Trainspotting.

Oh, oh!  But the best part is the name.  You can joke that you're going to banish your female friends to the Red Shed for being 'unclean.'  That never gets old.
I love the Red Shed. Went their a few times this weekend....Boy do they have great drink specials. Monday night we got $1.50 TOP SHELF mixers. What a bargain. We walked in and got seats right at the bar. The next night we stopped by for 1/2 price pints of beer. We had 2 pints of good beer for $3.75. So I was in town 2 nights & hit this place both nights.
I have to admit I'm bias since my Dad loved this place & use to take me there 30+ years ago when I was a kid. They use to have great food, but they don't serve food anymore.
I'd give it 5 Stars if the bathrooms were not so disgusting...
The crowd is not my scene,  but they make a strong yet decent tasting long Island. the main draw for me was competitive foosball almost any night of the week. its been a few years though.
best madisonian institution ever.
I've been going here a lot(pretty much a regular you could say.) It's a good place to include in your bar hopping plans. Wandos too busy? Fooseball taken at Vintage? Swing by Red Shed. It's also one of the few bars you can actually have a conversation at some  nights. One of my minor complaints is the jukebox. If there is no songs playing..it's just that--quiet. And at certain points in the night, you can hear a pin drop. Lines for the bathroom is sometimes annoying and I've felt really bad for the ladies here who have sometimes waited 30 minutes before the line moved one person :P
The definition of a dive bar, and not saying that in a bad way. Sure, the bathrooms are putrid and the place stinks a little, but there's no lines and you can grab a drink much faster than any of the surrounding bars on the weekends (unless there's a hockey game or something going on). Good Long Islands and drink specials during the week.
The only thing I like about this place is the massive $7 long-islands, other than that this place doesn't really do it for me. It is constantly crowded with angry people who just want to fight. They have some good drink specials but nothing to shout over aside from the long-islands. Atmosphere is just dirty, no real-theme to the place and staff is very rude.
Love this place. no, it's nothing fancy but when you have some of the best long islands in town you don't need to be fancy. everything is pretty straightfoward. it's a bar/pub. you can't beat it. PLUS foosball? game on.
Had a great time.  Reminded me of O Street (Lincoln, NE) bars on game day.  Tough to get a drink but somehow still worth the wait to get in.  Visited Friday night before the Nebraska game and it was filled with Husker fans.  Saturday night it was not quite as hospitable as Wisconsin students had a day long bender under their collective belt.
Mason jars. Full of booze. Tiny, typically unclean bathroom. Friendly bartenders. This is the Red Shed. And it's equal parts fun and blackout horrifying. 

The drinks are super cheap, and while you're attempting to figure out what exactly is in your mason jar filled with booze, you can play foosball or grab a seat with some buds. 

Drink with caution, enjoy with gusto. Viva la Red Shed.
I had *ONE* Long Island Iced Tea... the best long island I have ever had.... 

The rest, as they say, was history (history best forgotten and never ever talked about.)
Best.
Bar.
Ever.
This place is no more than a 'Sconnie feel college bar.  Gameday packed with locals and tourists alike... good times had by all.

Drinks were more than fair priced- and the Long Island Iced Teas will do a wicked number on you!
Worst customer service ever! My fiance took 2 straws to put in my drink and this dumb bartender kicks him out for no reason! Worst customer service and bartender with the bald head and glasses ever! I highly do not recommend this place. There's better places that can gladly take your business
So horrible. Worst service and a shit hole. Dirty and slobs all over. Rudest staff I have ever seen.
The 'dise is closest thing Madison has to a punk bar but no worries, this place has just about zero pretension.  Dark and probably dirty (it's really too dark to tell), this bar is known for it's no frills atmosphere and tasty bar food.  

Stop in and order some cheap beer and a burger but don't expect to be 'seen'.  The patrons are too busy staring into their drinks.
Ever since I started drinking there have been $1.50 rails at the Dise on Tuesday nights.  God bless this place.
Get ready for some gool ole' fashioned head banging and dangerously cheap drinks at this rocker bar on the square.  Fun place with a pool table and dart machines (of course).
Its the Paradise, okay?  That's all.  Have a drink, bring your friend, yeah, the one you still have.  You'll be fine.

My ex-ex bf and I stopped in here once years ago, blitzed from a pitcher at 5 other bars...we kissed sitting at the bar, no one flinched...yes, its that kinda place...you'll laugh, you'll cry...and no one will wonder why...
I've never lived in Madison, but as a visitor I've been to this place a half dozen times over the last few years, often when in town solo, and always have ended up having a good time.  5 stars for a bar with a great jukebox and friendly staff where even if you go alone you don't end up drinking alone- no attitude from the friendly, reasonably social fellow drinkers.
The drinks are great, the ambiance is great if you like that kind of thing, the jukebox is one of the better ones in town. I only have two complaints - the pool table, pinball, and large seating area are all in the back of the room. That's fine when it's not busy, but if it is, you're better off sneaking in through the back and pretending you just came in from a smoke break. Otherwise, it's hell trying to get through the narrow pathway between the bar and the booths along the wall. My other complaint is that when Stoli came out with their blueberry flavored vocka, one of the bartenders told me it was gross. No way, it's so good, just mix it with cranberry juice and 7 Up!
One has to admire an establishment that when you go to the bar and request, "A pitcher of your cheapest beer, please."  You actually have a few choices.  The jukebox is pretty sweet too.
I don't think this can be called a dive anymore now that the TVs are flatscreen jobs.  I was told by a friend that this was going to be all punks and bikers but it was just normal folks--not that there's anything wrong with that as I'm too old to hang around with the former types.

Being used to Chicago prices, I almost choked when I ordered cheese curds and two beers and got change from my 10.  I finished the night off with a can of Hamm's which I believe cost $1.50  All this within view of the Capitol?  Paradise.
Go late for fried cheese curds.

Leave early before they turn the lights on.
Having moved to Seattle in 2006, I was disappointed on a recent visit home to see a lot of my favorite bars have already changed.  (sofas at the Lava Lounge in place of their pool table!?!  Hungry Kids and family's ruining a good depressing happy hour at Micky's on Willy st?!?)  So it's refreshing to know that you can still go to the Paradise Lounge on a weeknight and get into the same crazy drunken funny situations you come to expect at a place like this. God bless you Paradise. Stay sweet, never change.
I take comfort in knowing that no matter whatever is going on in my life, "the Dice" will always be there for me.

This is a great, unpretentious dive bar. Bar tenders are cool, and they serve food until late. You can be as casual as you want and just chill.
My favorite haunt for most of the 90s. Tuesdays night's half price rail drinks are the way to go.
If you can get to the 'Dise before there's nowhere to sit down, it's one of the most fabulous dive bars on the planet.  If you can't find a seat, you might as well leave.  I dare you to try to have a beer while standing there.  It's quite the unpleasant experience.

My top 3 reasons for loving the 'Dise:
1) Slayer, old school Metallica, and Interpol on the jukebox.
2) Incredible fried cheese curds (here, they're called "cheese balls").
3) $1.25 longneck PBR's on Wednesdays.
5 star for diviness!

So you sit with some of the regulars, or stare at their photos above the grill, and you'll realize why people come back. During the afternoon, the tvs are quiet and people whisper during the games, only to pipe up on commercials. 
Michelle's first day was mine as well. She didn't know the prices but it didn't matter for the 9 patrons there. The regulars gladly accepted her, as did her neighbor from upstairs. 
Large bar area for the many house flies that were speeding through the air. Nice place to drink, though I'd rather not dine there with the flies about. Sorry.
Cheap? Sure. Hospitable? Yep. The heavily tattoo'd chef was very friendly discussing baseball nonsense from me and the others. Hell, he even got in on a friendly conversation I had with some other Chicagoans there. 

Plus, they serve their drafts in fantastic mason jars with handles. Stools are broken in and are sturdy. 

The regulars make this bar. Drinking Hamm's on the corner and offering advice to visitors with a smile and no venom? A guy could get used to it.
And the ATM forgot to give me a service charge.

(oh and flat screen tv's? I saw one, the big on in the center in the back room...the rest were box's.)
Ah, let me just say, where else would you get $1.50 rail on Tuesday night? How about a basket of a large fries on top of that?? See, when it comes to the place that really matters, no one comes close to the dise. And, the bartenders are so cool, too ;) If you're a girl, you might get turned off by some gentlemen trying to attract your attention.

But if you're the type to come here, I know you can handle it. 

And the bathroom -  brings back the memories of the days when I passed out on it. Dive.
Decent dive bar.  Cheap beer.  Blue collar + hipster.  Lots of fried food options.  Bartenders are friendly.  Foosball and darts.  Yesssss.
Dropped back by when I did a quick trip through Wisconsin. Still the same! Some of the same people on the same stools! Cheap, strong drinks, yessir! And yup, some coke residue on toilet paper dispenser in the men's room.

This is real bar.
I call the Paradise burger the best bar burger in town. The decor is nothing but dive. It smells pretty bad and the bathrooms are super nasty, but I will go there every chance I get. I love that burger. Mmmmmmmmmm Oh and they are cheap, too.
i love the 'dise. it's one of very few dive bars near the square. if you get there early enough you can grab a table and play darts with your friends while sipping wonderfully cheap beer and eating some nasty fried food. the jukebox is pretty solid, too. no frills, which is just how a dive should be.
If you want to get out of the city and go to a bar from a small town, here it is.  I like it right near the capitol.
This is basically the only acceptable bar to go to in Madison, WI if you are not a hippie or college student. It is dingy, it is gross, the bartenders are surly and these is a distinctive 'dise smell that permeates your clothing and your soul. I love it like a second home. 

The drinks are cheap, the place is LOADED with interesting people, (read possible criminals? senators with their escorts? other assorted ne'er-do-wells? who cares?) the music is loud and Misfit-y. The bartenders aren't THAT surly and some still remember me some 5 years after leaving Madison. They make the drinks strong, and they are FAST!It gets pretty packed after 9 on any given night, so I recommend getting there early. Around noon is acceptable. 

The food's pretty top notch. It is your typical bar fare, but if I hear another person rave about the 'dise burger, I may have to abandon my vegetarian principals to find out how awesome it is for myself. Luckily, I will always have the the cheese balls, which are vegetarian-ish.Thier greasy, stringy, melty dipped in ranch cheesiness has me missing Wisconsin on a semi-regular basis. For the vegans in your life, there are green olives. Soaked in vodka. Just eat them. 

5 years and 3 trips back to Madison, this is the place I have the airport cabbie drop me off first.
I've been to the 'dise plenty of times, but since I went twice on Saturday, it seems about time to review it and all its divey glory.

Everything is crazy cheap, they've got a varied juke box, cute two-person booths, and a fairly open space in the back of the room. Also: mason jars.

Saturday was my first time eating at the Paradise, despite hearing raves about their burgers for years. On trip number one, we stopped by because a friend in our group had met up with us late and hadn't gotten lunch with us. He ordered and a grilled cheese, cheese curds (or, as the 'dise calls them, cheese balls), and fries. Too much for one man, he shared the curds & fries with us. The cheese curds were breaded and cheddar, and delicious albeit nothing special. The fries were crinkle-cut, crispy, and so, so good. I could have eaten the entire basket myself. Nom nom nom.

My second trip of the day came with wanting to grab a late dinner between a movie and a concert next door at the Frequency. I ordered a cheeseburger, and my friend ordered a Paradise Burger and a diet Coke. Mine was $5, hers was $5.25. I have no idea how that worked out, but she totally won. Though very, very tasty, my $5 got me a bun, a slice of cheese, pickles, and a patty. Her $5.25 got her a drink, and my basic burger plus carmelized onions, tomato, and lettuce, plus, I believe, bacon. 

Again - no idea how her burger cost less than mine with so much more (especially because it was 9:30 on a Saturday - not a happy hour special), but next time I will definitely be ordering that instead.
We were looking for a place to grab a beer and a guy smoking a cigarette on the sidewalk said "Go in here! It has wonderful people, and good times" so we figured, why not? Good choice. This is a classic dive bar run by cool people. 

I stumbled in here with a friend of mine after a few laps around the capitol building protesting. We walked in about 4 on a Saturday and the place was jumping thanks to all the folks protesting up the street. We sat at the end of the bar and started drinking. Actually we got to meet and goof around with some of the workers and they were an amazing bunch of super cool ladies. I was feeling a bit wacky so I started buying shots and drinks and I think I walked in here with $100 and left with probably only $20. Not bad for an evening before 6 in a bar with cheap drinks. The female bartenders are smart, attractive, and witty and really made our brief drunken visit worthwhile. I am so glad we were on foot for the day and could just let it rip listening to some amazing tunes (Black Sabbath) on the juke box and talking to some down to earth people. We struck up random conversations with random people. It was very cool to be in a bar that was welcoming and not full of people sharing space but traveling in antisocial packs. A guy was actually $1 short for his pitcher, and I gave him the buck. Why not? The vibe was awesome here. 

This super nice tall bartender April was just a joy to chat with. I have a huge crush on her I think. :) 

If I had been less drunk, I would have had a burger. Heck, if I had one of those amazing looking burgers I might not have such a hangover the next morning. 

Cool staff? Check. 
Cheap drinks? Check 
Cheap food? Check. 
.
I have no clue why this place is so overrated..#4 in reviews? Really? I mean -- its OK but it's not like I think to myself I'm setting out to go here. That said, I do like the drinks, food and atmosphere better than some of the dives around town. I think its a good mix of a dive bar yet sociable.
Back in the day when I lived in Madison, I just about lived in the 'Dise, which was where everyone I knew and their brothers used to hang out. I had to go back and show my husband my old stomping ground, for old time's sake. Yep, it's the same. Thanks for not changing, Paradise. And thank you even more to the patrons who didn't steal my wallet after I accidentally left it there (whoops!)
I used to love going to the Dise, but all the bartenders that made that place awesome are gone! They have been replaced by people that have zero personality! One of the worst being Hannah. Once, I went in and she looked up and saw me and continued to finish texting on her phone and then came over and with absolutely zero friendliness took my order. I ordered a bloody mary(which I know can be a pain to make, but that's what I wanted) and it was horrible! I was pretty sure she did it purposefully so I wouldn't order another-which I didn't!
I miss all the old bartenders and I know I'm not the only one. I've walked by the place on more than one night and it's been dead! Maybe, they'll figure it out and get some of their old loyal customers back!!!
REALLY REALLY dive-y which is not necessarily a bad thing but it could be better. I went here with my buddy a couple of times and I enjoy the norwegian log cabin type atmosphere. The thing I don't like about this place is that the staff does not know when to kick people out... Shouting? Sure... little rough housing? No problem... A homeless guy passed out at the bar with a full beer in front of him? WOW its time to go... I may return to this place but like some of the other reviews said I am definitely not going out of my way to go here.
Good for what it is.  A neighborhood bar with reasonably priced drinks and salty, fatty food.  Pluses include old school crinkle fries, artery clogging burgers, cheap drinks and Foosball.  Drawbacks include occasional long wait to order --- but with the low prices it is understandable. 

If you smoke, they sell a decent variety of packs in house (to be smoked outside of course).
I went to this bar based on yelp reviews, and everything said was absolutely true.  Yes, there was crazy headbanger music, but it was played at the perfect volume, so you could rock out to it but still talk to your friends.  Yes, the bartender and patrons were super friendly.  I felt like we were family by the time I left.  Yes, the cheese curds and burgers were delicious.  It was my first time eating cheese curds and I was impressed.  I also think its the only reason I don't have a hangover right now.  And yes, it's a dive bar.  But a really friendly dive bar with an interesting mix of people and the best bartenders ever!  Oh, and if you are staying at the best western, you can crawl back to your hotel room.  Like I did.
Just about every other bar in Madison is where the college kids go to learn to drink; Paradise is where the professionals ply their trade. The staff is friendly and entertaining, especially if a geezer gets way too specific about his Diet Pepsi order. In the short time I was there on a Sunday afternoon, I saw another old-timer nearly fall asleep over his Budweiser and had a middle-aged guy tell me his own "big city" story, which amounted to "the one time Kanye West was on my flight." The juke provided a welcomed relief from 'Now That's What I Call Music 49'. I didn't have time to eat but the food that came past my post at the end of the bar smelled delicious. I can't think of a reason not to return.
Favorite dive bar. Get the dise burger - awesome! Cheap beer and drinks, very divy, so not for the faint of heart.
Divey. Diverse (and I mean diverse) group of people. From the first time I was in this place and someone was carrying a skillet on a backpack to this most recent time when I am pretty sure a meth head stole the glass from my table, you never know what you will find at the Paradise.

I would have it no other way.
Looking for craft cocktails?  Homemade tinctures and bitters?  Mixologists wearing vests and ironic mustaches?  Well, keep moving because the 'dise has none of these!  What is does have is pure divey goodness.  Cheap beer.  Cheap (and strong) drinks.  An interior that hasn't changed in at least 20 years.  They also have a grill/fryer that serves up not a bad cheeseburger.  The clientele can be pretty varied which only adds to the charm. What I like most about this place is that it leaves all pretense at the door.  It is a bar and grill.  No slick marketing.  No "themes".  Just booze and food.  And who can argue with that combo?
Oh the Dice, what can you not say about this place. Has this bar changed ever? I think not. 

The staff, on the most part, make this place. They can dish it back to all kinds of dynamic groups of people. Street people to politicians. You see them all in this place. 

Some of the best bar food around. Curds and their freshly grilled burgers are some of the best around the square.
If you want to go to a dive in downtown Madison, then you definitely should check out Paradise.  There's 2 reasons why Paradise gets a 5 in my book:

1)  They have cheap beer.  Speciifically, the $5.50 PBR/Leinenkugel pitchers are a steal.
2)  The "ambience" is top notch.  It attracts a great and varied crowd, with people of all ages and income.  Also, they play metal music really loudly all of the time.  So, if 80's thrash is your thing, then you'll feel welcome at Paradise.

These 2 points alone very easily help me ignore all of the shortcomings of paradise:  The lack of decor, the food not being very good, the sort of weird layout, etc. etc.  But they don't matter to me, because that isn't what I come to Paradise for.  I go to Paradise to get away from the fancy drinks and yuppies that inhabit most other bars in the area, and to welcome the simple pleasure of drinking domestics to hard rock music.
This bar is probably the best dive bar in the entire capitol area. They don't have a great beer/drink selection, but is this really where you'd go to take advantage of such a thing? What they offer instead is an interesting atmosphere, diverse crowd, weird layout, constant soundtrack of classic/ hard rock and thrash metal being played from the jukebox, and pitchers of PBR that cost $5.50 (a great deal considering that tall boys can run as high as $6 in some of the more outrageous nearby establishments). All in all, it's a reliably enjoyable place to visit.

As a side note, my personal opinion of this place was marred last year when this guy sitting near my party produced easily the worst-smelling fart any of us have ever experienced. It was so terrible that it caused an immediate spell of silence upon our table, as we could taste it in our mouths and it made our eyes water. I will never again be able to think of the paradise without thinking of this incident, but I did not consider this in my review.
Giving it a 5, if you're a hipster or frat kid this isn't the bar for you (thank goodness) beer is cheap service fast
I have passed this neighborhood bar down the street from me many a times and dubbed it the "old people" hang out. However, during a Wisconsin game, you can bet the crowd will be young, vibrant, and different and dressed to the nines in red.  Although it looks small inside, it has surprisingly high ceilings and a second floor loft. Which made it easy for a group of 4 of us to all get a place to sit around a table. The beer in the pitchers starts flowing and a few bags of cool ranch Doritos are opened up. Okay, so I'll give this place an extra star for the pure convenience of going (since it's literally a hop, skip, and jump away).
I want to give the Echo Tap a 4, but I'm just not quite there.

When it's not completely overloaded with obnoxious ticket holders for Kohl Center sporting events, it's a 4-4.5 star bar.  Unfortunately, it's teeming with the aforementioned too frequently for my liking.  It's not just the typical d-bags, either--there are older, holier-than-thou types who are especially rude.

Anyway.  When the Echo Tap is not crowded, it's so great.  There are lots of tables, a *kickass* jukebox, friendly bar staff, non-frightening bathrooms, an upstairs and downstairs, a great selection of beers on tap, and delicious food.  I've yet to try the Echo Burger (a beef patty AND brat patty), but I hear you can go into congestive heart failure by just looking at it.  Also, if you drink there often enough, you can get a "PBR Priority Card" in which you're always entitled to PBR drink specials.  Now that's just plain spectacular.
It took me a while to figure out the Echo.  I never even bothered with it for the first few years, but I was wasting time on Lower State Street and wouldn't have known a quality neighborhood bar anyway.  When you're 21 you figure a place like the Echo is for the Old People.  And that's not completely untrue, because this place is rarely full of young college kids.  And that's maybe why I've started to like the Echo more and more.  I started meeting friends down there for an after-class burger and a beer during my last year of college.  It quickly became a regular destination and a favorite place to kick back, relax and bully the jukebox.

I last dropped by the Echo after a hockey game at the Kohl Center, which is quickly becoming a habit.  Sometimes the place gets a bit too busy after a game but this wasn't one of those times.  The Echo has one of the better tap selections in Madison but for me it almost always comes down to the Sprecher Black Bavarian.  This is one of my all-time favorite beers and to find it on tap is a special treat.  Seriously - four stars just for having Black Bavarian on tap.  I'm told that the mix drinks are quite good but nothing's going to pry me away from my Black Bavarian.  The bartenders are quick and friendly unless the place is very crowded.  The bar area becomes a bit of a bottleneck and it can be difficult to get a beer.  

I don't get food at the Echo all that often anymore but it is quite good.  They do a truncated menu on game days that leaves off my favorites, so I don't usually go here to eat on these days.  Other nights it's a relaxing place to grab a table and have a good time.  I especially like the cajun porkchop sandwich and the BLT.  It's served on French bread and is evidence of how something simple can be great.  But for the most part I stick to having a pre or post-game drink at the Echo.  I still run into a lot of old friends and acquaintances at this bar as well, which always makes for a good time.  Maybe I'm becoming an Old Person now, but the Echo is one of my favorite downtown destinations these days.
Just go, you won't be sorry.

Two stories, darts/pool, nice variety of "working man's beer," decent jukebox, interesting crowd, and good atmosphere. Feels like you are in the middle of wisco...
I almost laughed at the "& Grill" stuck on the end of this listing.  I guess they have food...right?  I know you can order out and bring it in...Well now that I think of it, having food sounds about right.

After avoiding it like the plague for several months, I found myself at Echo for the first time during an excruciating Madison winter.   It was literally the closest bar to our apartment (as in, half a block away).  As most of my husband's UW friends lived in our building, that's where we ended up going.

I should preface this by saying that Echo is right across the street from the Greyhound bus depot.  Thus, there are dozens of homeless, drunken, scruffy vagabonds that traipse up and down this street at any given point, including right in front of -- and sometimes inside -- the bar.  Do not pay them any mind.  They're more like the Echo Tap bodyguards than a threat.  They, like you, just want to get drunk and forget about their problems.

Now, onto the bar itself.  From the outside, it looks like a trailer.  Inside, as expected, was a horde of local winos and UW grads from the class of '69, but also TWICE THE SPACE that anyone would have thought.  Are you kidding me?  Two floors?  Darts AND a pool table?  And, the most thrilling discovery of all, an AWESOME digital jukebox?

Also, they ask you "single or double?" when you ask for a drink that any other place would just water down and give you less than a single.  I had two large vodka crans here and was fiiiiiiine without that $5 pitcher of Spotted Cow.  But of course I had the Cow anyway.

A great place to hang out with friends!  It's stuck in a moment, in the best way.  In the dead of winter, when I wish I could just hop out for a night out, I'll miss this place a lot.
Who would have thought you could find a dive townie bar in downtown Madison surrounded by the UW Campus? But that is exactly what the Echo Tap is. If you are sick of the college bars and want to go to a place with a lot of character I suggest the Echo. This place has it's share of fun regulars that are certain to keep you entertained. The upstairs has 3 dart boards and a pool table. You can also get food like burgers, fries, chicken tenders, and the usual bar food. The echo also sells cigarettes and small bottles of liquor. Anytime is the best time to go but expect crowds while activities are going on at the Kohl Center.

Also ask if you can join the "PBR Priority Club"
Just a great townie bar.  Nothing special about this place, but that's okay since they don't pretend to be anything other than a bar you can go to and have a few beers with friends.  I have never had a bad time here. Most of the college kids don't know about the tap so the crowd is very tolerable.  Prices are great, and the bartenders are genuine and friendly.  The only knock against the tap is that the food leaves something to be desired.  Everything is average and nothing stands out as anything other than basic bar food.  Which I guess isn't a bad thing!
Real people go here.  The more you go the better it gets.

Upstairs is as cool as a treehouse.
The Echo Tap is the most genuine Wisconsin bar in Madison. They not only have the coldest beer and Jäger in town, but the food is excellent as well. The Echo burger is a must try; with 1beef patty, 1brat patty, one slice of Swiss cheese and one slice of cheddar all topped with sautéd onions. I am a very happy visitor.
I lived in Madison for a year, and whenever I think about missing Wisconsin, my mind goes immediately to the Echo Tap. As people have said, this is a quintessential Wisconsin bar, from the High Life on tap to the darts to the crowd.

I used to go here with a friend every Monday, order a pitcher of High Life (on special, for $4.50 I think) and two shot glasses, and do a power hour at the bar. One time, another patron gave me advice on getting a tattoo and hooked my friend up with a discount for a piercing. Another time, a patron told us how he knew the woman in the moon on the High Life packaging.

There are darts and pool on the second floor, of course, and the drinks are super-cheap even before their insanely priced specials. The bartender chats with the regulars, and it's an especially fun place to watch Packers games (or depressing, depending on the outcome, but I lived there in 2007 so it was great).

It's the perfect bar, basically.
Went here specifically to get cheese curds as they reported the 'best cheese curds in town'.

Very disappointed. Caught the summer lunch crowd. They beer selection was sophomoric, the cheese curds were pre-packaged and over-fried, and the food was cheap (both in expense and taste). 

If you want the best cheese curds in Madison... don't go here.
If you read any of my other reviews, you'll note that I don't give bad ones lightly. I just don't feel the "OMG, the ECHO!" feeling for this place that some do. I never frequented this place when I lived in Madison, but I went to the Echo on Saturday with some friends who did. 

The Echo Tap smelled like butt cheeks. It really and truly did. I thank my lucky stars that I had forgotten to close my tab at the last bar so I had an excuse to dip out and meet up with them at the next stop.

If this dive didn't smell, it would have been a perfectly acceptable Wisconsin townie bar, but it did and I just can't recommend it (unless you have a cold).
Cheap beer, darts, and creepy guys...what more could you ask for?!?!?!

Echo Tap is fun, but definitely not near the top of my list as far as Madison bars go.  The bartenders and staff have always been really nice when I've gone.
Used to be a 2, Now it's a 4.

This place USED to be dingy, sticky floored, and smelly. The taps always tasted dirty too.

NOT THE CASE NOW! Now its pretty damn good! 

They've completely redone the interior and added a nice little patio outside. Many more TVs than there used to be too, and they are nice new ones. Also, they pipe the game audio over the PA for all the big games.

The beer selection leaves something to be desired, but they almost always have a solid seasonal microbrew, and some Capital on tap. All the lines taste clean now too, which is awesome. They could definitely use some more Wisconsin craft taps though. They have all the staples for you macro lovers though.

Pretty friendly townie staff that will give you shit on occasion, so don't come if you have no personality or are easily offended.

Food is pretty decent for bar food, and cheap. The cheese curds are definitely passable, but not the best in town at all. Their pizzas are pretty good too.

Some random notes:
- The bar stools are pretty uncomfortable, but you forget about it after a few beers.
- Clientele can be quite interesting sometimes, from stumble drunks to college sorority girls. It's a pretty interesting mix.
- They don't charge extra if you forget to close out your tab at the end of the night.
- Good drink specials
- The reviews on here from 2010 and earlier don't really apply anymore, since they remodeled the entire place. 
- Awesome spot to watch sports.

Fin.
This place is pretty cool.  There are TVs everywhere you look.  There is plenty of seating.  The service was excellent.  The bartender came up to our table right away when we sat down and was very good about checking if we needed another beer before we finished the beer in front of us. We ordered some appetizers for our group...all were delicious.  Good quality bar food.  Next time, we want to try the hand tossed pizza.  All the tables around us ordered pizzas, and it looks and smells amazing.
Stopped here before Badger BB game and during a Badger FB game,cuz it was in Mad City cocktail book. Place was of course busy but found a comfortable table upstairs..Burgers and fries well above average. Service was VERY good considering size of crowd.A good overall experience all things considered.
So my family got together for dinner and the Echo Tap was the place of choice for my sister (birthday girl).  None of us have never been there before with the exception of my wife who had been there way back in the day.   So dinner is on our minds and we had a good time!

First off we had a decent size group with kids so we sat upstairs and the music was very loud but they turned that down.  I like bars that feel like bars and the Echo tap did for sure feel like a bar and PBR on tap...perfect!

Cheese Curds = Always awesome especially since they were lightly breaded!

Now for my meal I wanted to go for what I hear they were known for and that is the Cheeseburger.  I got it and was surprised on how small it was but the taste totally outweighed the small size of the burger because it was an excellent burger.  Not your typical pre-made burger slapped on a grill..these burgers were handmade for sure and awesome!

My wife got the pizza and much to my surprise, it was very good.  Now, being good does not make it a place I would go to just to get pizza but much better than other bars who just toss in a frozen pizza.

Overall a good night and a good place to eat of have drinks.
I really like Echo Tap.  There are lots of great beers on tap.  They have amazing bar food.  (I highly recommend the cheese curds.) There is a good view of a TV no matter where you are.

This is a good place to go before or after going to the Kohl Center for an event.

Thursday night trivia is always fun too.
Echo tap and grill is a loud bar with a lot of televisions playing sports games on the walls. All in all it's fairly ordinary, very loud, and  has a poor layout on the interior. However, they have food and the prices for liquor and beer are quite fair.

This place is a drinker's tavern, similar to what you would find on the south side of Chicago but brighter and cleaner inside. There may be some yuppies and college kids around, but note those old horses at the bar -- they're the real ones who have likely been occupying that stool longer than you've been alive.

Recommended if you're ducking your AA meeting. Otherwise, you may wish to drink at your own risk.
The Echo's remodel made the place roomier and brighter. There's a great selection of beers, and you must absolutely try the Echo Burger, a pagaent of beef and bratwurst goodness that will challange your coronary arteries. The staff is friendly even though they're always in a hurry.
Well, Im wondering if some of the reviewers had partaken of drinking a tad much and then eating.  Im not sure what all the hype is about.  Their burgers and chicken sandwiches are way overpriced for BAR food.  I would expect more for $9 (when you add extras). Dont get me wrong, they are not BAD, but not worth the money (chicken was DRY DRY DRY).  Small sized, not that tasty. We had ordered delivery, but I doubt that changes the quality and size much?  And they sent a very small amount of fries, too.  Also forgot to put the extra fixing on the deluxe burger, which is $1.50 add on.  BOOO!  The breaded mushrooms were undercooked (not just cold) and still doughy.  I dont think I will ever order delivery from them.  I wonder if they really just dont want to deliver, so they end up sending not so good food.
Seems to be a pretty nice place. I went there last night for Team Trivia, and there was a good crowd.

Great selection of local beer on tap, and good options. Their fries were delicious.

The staff was attentive and the bathrooms were clean. Can't really complain about anything!
This place probably has the best bar food in the city.  With their recent expansion, adding a HUGE new kitchen and updating the interior, some might say that the Echo has lost it's feel.  Not true.  The food is as good as it has been in the past, and with the addition of some pizza ovens, there are a lot of great offerings.  
Start with the echo burger (a great appetizer for two if you cut it in half), then once your friends come, order a calzone for a second small plate.  Just cut it in to 8 pieces because it is very large. ($9)
Once your appetite is going, up the ante with a round of Jagermeisters to really get the juices flowing.  If you're lucky it's Thursday.  Five tacos for $4.  Get a few rounds of those crispy little devils and finish up with another round of Jagermeisters.  
The Echo Tap has a lot going on, and for those of you who try to deny it's greatness, think again.
We hit the Echo for a little bar food goodness this past Friday. Seats were secured in the covered outdoor section; ceiling-mounted radiant heaters kept us toasty and warm, despite the micro-blizzard that was taking place outside (in April!).

Our server was decent; not the fastest, but he was on top of things.

Tap selections were decent; a few unique ones, but fairly ordinary otherwise. We ordered an appetizer and decided to share a pizza. 

The 'za was fantastic - I'd definitely order it in the future. Great crust, fresh toppings and very tasty.

Meal was a tad pricey; our total came-in at just over $70 for a few rounds of drinks and the food.

I like the place and will be back for sure. 

Echo  = WIN

Food = 3.5 stars (good bar food)
Service = 3.5 stars
Value = 3 stars
MISC = 4 stars (love the outdoor area; heaters were a nice/welcomed touch)
When I was in college, Echo was where all my hip student radio station friends would go in search of stories that would make you cringe come Sunday morning. It was dingy enough to satisfy dive bar needs but sketchy enough to make you seem edgy in comparison to all your Plaza-going friends. White girl from the suburbs of Minnesota needs all the edge she can get.

Echo has since been revamped as of last summer or so and while I miss some of the "edge", I usually get by just fine as I'm conquering one of their delicious, giant calzones. Also, after [an attempt at] playing tennis last week, my friend introduced me to the fact that Echo dishes out 5 tacos for $4 on Thursdays. Nothing compliments tennis quite like tacos so we nabbed a table inside, grabbed a beer and placed our orders with the friendly waiter. He looked at us with an eyebrow raised (probably having confused us with Maria Sharapova and Anna Kournikova) and asked whether we were planning to share the 5 tacos. Ha - silly, rabbit. "That'll be 5 tacos each please."

Nothing crazy unique going on here but it's a comfortable venue with an adequate beer selection, enjoyable bar food and saucy-ish tennis players.
Alright setup, nice furniture, nothing out of the blue here, but bad service. I was DD-ing and the bartender charged me for a soda, called "last-call" well before commonplace last-call time, and was generally rude. I would not go back.
One upon a time, this was a 5 star place in my book. Good bar food, cheap beer and a huge selection. Over the past two years, the owners have tried to make this a restaurant with a bar instead of a bar that serves food. As a result, the menu is better, but the service is very slow. A half hour to get a burger? Also, beer prices have skyrocketed. I should not have to pay $10.50 for a pitcher of Miller Lite. Tip...you are not an exclusive bar that can get away with charging that much for beer! I don't know another place that charges that much for a pitcher of macrobrew water. The Tap gets 3 stars because the food tastes pretty good, but I won't be drinking there in the future.
I have ordered the grilled chicken sandwich the last four times I've been there, and I'm still amazed at how delicious it is. Another favorite is the buffalo chicken sandwich. Of course, they're known for their calzones, so they don't even need mentioning. Surprisingly, their salads are quite good as well--I personally love the spinach/walnut/goat cheese. 

They have a wide variety of beers on tap, and if you check into FourSquare 5 times, it's free!

The service is usually good, and the food is very reasonably priced.
8/4/13 My wife and I stopped in and sat on the patio.  We enjoyed a 12" build your own pizza, Greek salad, and a few beers.  After eating we went upstairs and played a quick game of Cricket.  This isn't the Echo I remembered from my youth and was glad for it.  I'm not sure when they remodeled, but I was impressed by their reinvention.  ;-)
Updating my review after multiple visits with good food and even better service. In addition, Echo recently expanded their patio hours and came to a neighborhood meeting. Does it get more Wisconsin than that? I think not.

Conveniently located on my block, and a fun place to grab casual food and drinks.

Definitely one of my favorite trivia spots to hit up; I'm almost a regular for the Thursday night crowd. It does get pretty crazy on trivia nights, so get there early if you want a seat.

The food is typical pub fare: burgers, pizza, and calzones. They have a pretty tasty tofu burger and spinach salad for the veggies, which is something I always appreciate.

Drinks are typical of a college bar: lots of beer options and standard mixed drinks. Every now and then they'll have specials, but it's not one of their strong points, so I'd like to see more of those.

Game days are especially fun at Echo. Most times, they give shots for Wisconsin touchdowns and Echo bucks out (think Monopoly money that you can use to pay for your food).

Stop by if you're in the mood to experience some Wisconsin fun and tasty pub fare.
Great bar!

But the food here stinks. Nothing I hate more than being severed cold fries.
My first dinner back in Madison, and it did not disappoint! 

At 8PM on a Wednesday night, there were still quite a few table filled outside on the patio. My friend and I chose a table facing one of the suspended flat screens and had a great time catching up and enjoying the warm weather. 

I ordered the Echo chicken sandwich (sans mayo) with a house salad on the side. The salad was a nice starter - cold and refreshing, but the real star of the meal was the sandwich. I was a huuggggee fan of the flatbread! 

Two days later, we were back for dinner, and this time my friend and I split a 14" chicken pizza. I liked that we had the option to go with a thin crust, a thick crust, or their 'thickest crust' - it's good to know that they make their pizza per order! Anyway, we decided to go with the thickest crust and ended up with a whole lot of leftovers.  

Honestly, I wasn't a huge fan of the pizza because it was a little too cheesy for my taste - blasphemous, I know! (To think I somehow lived in the ol' dairy state for a whole year... ) I actually preferred the pizza cold and the cheese a little more congealed, which was how I had it for breakfast the next morning.

Echo is a little out of the way for typical State Street bar-hoppers, but I think it does a great job servicing the residential area in its vicinity and offers a nice change of scenery.
Was impressed with their delivery! It's hard to have good fries when they're delivered to you, but these were great. Plus the Echo Burger is amazing -- cheesy, a great mix of burger and brat flavors, and the onions really help bring it all together. Yum.
Was also really happy because they tossed in some candy with my delivery -- guessing it was a Halloween special thing and not something they do all the time, but was just a great little extra thing! :)
Definitely will be going there to enjoy some drinks and more food soon!
I had a fish sandwich on a Friday afternoon. It was very average. Thinking this isn't the thing for this place though...
Delivery was extremely fast (ordered at 3 and they were here at 3:20) and meal was still warm! I got the plain chicken sandwich and it's delicious. Also, I Loved the candy that came with it!
Went to the Echo for Packer Game Day this week - excellent experience

Service:  great.  Quick and efficient

Food:  The chili is OUTSTANDING.  They use chunks of beef vs. ground beef.  It is spicy.  The beans were cook right...not too hard and not too mushy.  I would come back for the chili alone

Bar:  I am purely a beer drinker and there selection was great.  Also the server gave me samples when requested as they had several, several tap selections that I had never had.

Atmosphere:  Wonderful game day atmosphere;  It was a lot of fun!  Everyone was friendly.  Obviously the Packers dominated the bar, but other games and other fans were there as well.

I am definitely going back - I want to try a pizza!!!
Due to closeness, I'm almost a regular at the Echo.  I usually have a low tolerance for sports bars, but i've managed to grow fond of the Echo Tap.  Maybe part of it is because its location isn't that close to Camp Randall, so they don't get as high of volume of drunken fans that are hanging out before/after the game, but it's still in the downtown area, so it doesn't attract very many townies either.    So, in regards to the crowd there, it's a good mix of college kids/young professionals/middle aged people.  It's a variety that I enjoy.

Food wise, it's solid for the most part.  Some of their dishes are hits, such as the Tofu Walnut Burger, or the Aristotle's Dilemma Pizza.  I've had a few things that I would only call okay though, like the deluxe grilled cheese, or the nacho plate.  So, I usually just stick with only a few of the items.  They're one of the more vegetarian friendly sports bars, so if that's a need you have (Like I do), then this spot will definitely serve a need for you.

The drink selection is also fine.  There's at least one of every major beer type there, and most of them are from Wisconsin.  I believe there's about 20 taps available, and there's also more choices in bottles if you're feeling more adventurous.  They do some cocktails as well, but it's mostly just the standards that you're used to, and it isn't too adventurous.  They don't carry much (if any) top shelf liquor, so don't expect the cocktails to be too fancy or amazing.

Overall, I enjoy the Echo Tap, and it's usually one of my first choices for a place to go watch the game at with the bros.  Like I said, I have a really low tolerance for sports bars, so just the fact that I can say that I kinda like this place says a lot in comparison to the rest.  Also, it's fun to do trivia here on occasion, so it's a good place to hit up on Sunday nights.
Echo Tap & Grill doesn't really stand out from the other pubs around Madison, but it doesn't have to.

With cheap drinks, delicious food and trivia nights, Echo Tap & Grill is a more casual option for fans of sport bars. 

The service was efficient and fast, and the place wasn't overly loud or crowded.

We got a few pitchers of Spotted Cow, a pepperoni and sausage pizza and an order of cheese curds to share.

The pizza was great, with its warm, melted cheese fused with the chunks of meat, and a crispy crust with a satisfying crunch.

The cheese curds were just ok for me, as I would have liked it to be more tender and for the cheese more melted. 

Echo Tap, while nothing groundbreaking, does a great job doing just that: being a typical Madison pub.
I live around the corner and find that it's a nice corner bar but the service is hit or miss ranging from good to abysmal. Not that anyone is rude; they're simply overwhelmed and understaffed at times. 

Good bar food, good beer, cozy place. Wish I could give them a better rating.
The burgers are good and so are the prices. But if you really want to experience The Works skip the restaurant and sit at the bar. Introduce yourself to whoever is sitting next to you and I *guarantee you'll you have an interesting conversation. Unless you're the one who's not interesting.



*I can't really guarantee anything. Wtf.
There are no menus here. Just a big chalkboard that dangles over you before you step into a short line and order your burger. The first thing you may notice is the "Retirement Burger," with a price tag of a cool million bucks, and it includes the burger, a drink, and the restaurant. A cheap joke, or kinda funny? You be the judge, but I've caught myself chuckling at it before. 

On top of that, the burgers here are rad. Yeah . . . rad. They cook them right in front of you while you wait and they have an entire table with condiments like fresh lettuce,  tomatoes, sweet relish and a few other goodies to complete your masterpiece according to your preferences. It's like a waaayyy less corporate Fuddrucker's. While you wait for your burger to cook up, I recommend an order of the 50/50 zucchini and mushroom appetizer to get you through. 

I bought a Powerball ticket this week. If things go well, maybe I'll get the Retirement Burger.
According to my boyfriend, this local bar type place rocks.  Food is always good, it's cheap, atmosphere is great and had a good conversation.  They grill the burgers right in view of you as you're ordering.  They also cook your burgers over charcoal so it gets real flavor in them!
So far this is the best hamburger in Phoenix that i have found.  I am a big fan of how they cook them.  they are actually cooked over a wood grill!!!  this is not your typical McDonalds grill... beacuse of this the burgers have a unique flavor...  once you get your burger you walk to the hamburger bar where you put on it what you like... much like fudruckers, but much more original!  I am also a fan of their fries... the place is pretty easy to get in and out of... 

do yourself a favor and try this place!
The burgers at The Works are friggin' amazing, there is not much more to say about it.  The menu is just a budget sign (where Cheddar is spelled "Chedder", yipes...) with a variety of burgers and sides that are sure to please.  The fixins bar is also outstanding, of course I am the kind of slob who tries to put 12 slices of tomato on his burger, so take that for what it's worth.  In addition, they have Super Mario Brothers of 8-bit Nintendo fame which you can play for a quarter while you wait for your burger.  I once made it to Level 8 before my burger was ready which says a lot more about my hours wasted playing Nintendo than their service, as the burgers always come up pretty quick.  Great place, highly recommended.
Yummy Yum Yummers! Great place for a burger! I'm never disappointed it. 

Awww, man and you totally have to try the fried mushrooms. Bad for your cholesterol but good for that "happy place" in your belly.

I agree that the condiment bar is always fresh and kicks butt. Bonus: It comes with a sneeze guard for germ-o-phobes like moi!

And as long as this place exists, it makes it hella hard for a sista to go Vegetarian.

Hint: As with every place in the "uptown-ish" area, go early or late if it's lunchtime to get a parking spot or you'll be circling that little parking lot for several minutes.
Great burgers.... but the best wings in town now that Minders Binders closed.

Order them hot and well done.

Yum and a half!
In the mood for a burger last night, but not willing to settle for Yak-in-the-Box, Hubby suggested this place, to which he had been once before with a co-worker. It's a casual, dive-y sort of place, which I like. There were a lot of different types of people there- firemen, loners, business men and women... It's got a huge interior, some cool copper topped tables, and some seizure inducing lights (far too blinky for an exhausted grumpy me). 

You order your food at a small window once you have mooed your way through an amusement park-like railing system (albeit a short one) and you specify a burger (or from a short list of other menu items), and your options are bun type and cheese type. At no point did I get asked to what charness I want my ground cow. Hence, I ate puck on a bun. Next time, I'll ask for medium. A third pound burger was plenty (they have half pounders, too), and the bacon comes in circles (which is cool- bacon in every bite is never a bad thing!).  We also had the 1/2 mushrooms 1/2 zucchini side, which was ok. We've had better and worse of both. The topping bar was ok- your usual suspects together with the requisite peppers to make your experience  "southwestern."
Wow, this place is still here? I went there as a girl (15+ years ago) with the family on a regular basis. If it's still around, then it MUST be good!
I love this place. I sit in the bar and as one other reviewer noted, there is always someone interesting there to start up a conversation. The burgers are top dawg, the condiment bar allows me to fulfill my jalepeno quota, the wings are perfection, and the drinks are reasonable. 

When the weather is nice, grab a table outside. The service is a smidge slower, but the courtyard more than makes up for it. If the weather is warm settle in and enjoy whatever game they have playing (if you aren't seeing your team, just ask and they will happily turn at least one set for you).
If you were to open up the suggestion box this place has in its bar area, you would probably find 7 or so aging receipts for Fiesta Burgers that have one thing requested on them: "BBQ Sauce Please." They are all from me from my (thankfully) not very frequent visits here.

This place is like a local Fuddrucker's sans the awesome Fuddrucker's condiment bar and quality burgers. Instead there is a a bare bones selection of toppings with only ketchup, mustard, and some A-1 to sauce your bad-memorial-day-BBQ-esque burger. Taking a bite of burger here, you would swear your idiot cousin Ricky who thinks he knows everything about grilling, but could screw up boiling a hot dog, is manning the grill. 

The food here would give this place only 2 stars, but it has its benefits. Its a cheap place to get something to eat when you want to watch some sporting event during lunch. I came for the Euro 2008 match between Russia and Sweeden and almost every T.V. there had it on. They have a decent-sized screen in the main room and plenty of small T.V.s in their bar area where you can also treat yourself to a sub-par selection of drinks during lunch time. (Picture the alcohol version of thier ketchup, mustard, and A1 sauce selection). 

Its dark, wooden interior also helps you hide from a blistering hot day like today's 110 degree heat. Along with its wooden interior is plenty of camp to cover the walls and some cabinet style old school arcade machines. The fact that it has its Ms. Pac Man cabinet running is the only advantage I can see this place really having over Two Hippies or any other cheap burger joint.
I totally love Hamburger Works. They have the best wings in town. Beware of the Hot, though, they'll kick your butt. Order them crispy and enjoy. The burgers are so-so, not the greatest, but still good. They have a small salad bar, so you can either get a salad, or load your burger up with whatever goodness you want. They have a rather large menu, mostly burgers and sandwiches, accompanied by the typical fried appetizer type foods - think mozzarella sticks, fried zucchini and mushrooms, chili cheese fries, the whole bit. 

Service is a little slow, but nice because you know you're not exactly eating "fast food". There are plenty of tables for parties of different sizes, and there's a bar, too. I have to admit, it's a little pricey for how dive-y it is, but it's worth it.
This is a great place to have within walking distance when we need to get our burger fix. I am not a huge burger fan but when I need one this is the place I choose to go. Other than that I usually order the spicy chicken sandwich.  A tender grilled breast smothered in wing sauce. Yum! 
An added bonus are the video games, they have a table pac man game and the original super mario brothers.

I recommend the burgers, wings and chicken sandwiches all of them fire grilled right when you order them.
WTFriggz!!! Actually, this place is obnoxious if you go alone for your first time... like Vegas. 

Cool shit on the walls, old school Pac-Man or is it Centipede?? Now you get to stand in line like you're getting ready to ride Goliath at Magic Mountain. Today I gave my order to the head-cook. No! You don't pay yet, go over there and stand in line again... Ok, now you pay before you wait yet again for your lunch to be called out, first name basis. Your deliciousness comes served on a pizza tray. Why? Im sure Valley Pizza is looking for these.

Awww-shit! They have Barq's Cream Soda!!!

Ya know when you sat down to watch Alien vs. Predator and said to yourself "Man! This is going to be awesome!'  Then the feeling you get when the credits roll. Hamburger Works is nothing like that.
If I had a place to hang out in my backyard and had someone serve burgers, it'd kinda be like this place.  Prices are great, atmosphere is fun, owner is sweet and thoughtful (big screen that faces the patio, mister system, ceiling fans outside, stuff for the kids, etc.)  It's an interesting mix of people (all nice).  Burgers are good, teriyaki chicken is a bit too salty, their iced-tea machine is way cool, has all the DIY condiments you need for everyone's basic burger wishes.

Helpful hint: Chico's Tacos (another great establishment) has coupons for Original Hamburger Works on a board in their shop.
I chuckle to myself (and to my co-workers) when I wait in the Disney-like line at Original Hamburger Works.  We all frantically discuss what we want and if we can have a bit of their this or that---- I'll get this, you get that, then we'll share and then let's get fries, oh wait, maybe Onion rings- or both and then I want a large drink right? or is this the place with the massive drinks?  Maybe I'll get a smaller one-- oh, hell- I'll get a large one and a mushroom burger and fries and onion ring and I'll load up an entire extra plate of condiments and stuff my face with pickles until they call my name.  

So this is what it is like at the Works for me--- can't you see why so much love? 

The chicken strip are disappointing though, get a burger. 

P.S. 4 out 6 times here-- there have been a group of firemen eating there too--- yummo.
Though I rarely visit this place, I still find it the best place to fix your burger with your choice of condiments. Though the appetizers come in small doses, the onion rings are sweet and the zucchini are bite size. It has a nice open space.You can watch the current college game while waiting in line to place your order or find the best seating that you can watch it from afar. 

[Some day, hope to see someone order the Retirement burger.]
If you want a burger customized to your own taste with the standard condiments at a cheap price, in a Bonanza style setting with wood benches and tables, then this is the place to go in Phoenix.

There is a choice of about 6 different style burgers to choose from cooked to order on a wood fired grill.  If you want a cheeseburger, there are 3 or 4 different cheeses to choose from.  I love the fact that there is a condiment bar where you are free to pile on as much stuff as you want, hello pickles, hello mustard, hello mayo, hello tomatoes.  You even get your choice of white or whole wheat bun!

The soda fountain features some unique choices including red pop, and there is a good selection of sides that you can order  including chili cheese fries.  The decor is all Old West and I fully expected to hear a lady in a cowboy shirt and a 10 gallon hat ring a triangle to let us know our food was ready.  Seating is ample.

OHW is unfortunately just another burger joint with nothing special warranting more than 3 or 3.5 stars, but it's a consistent meal at a fair price.
Great spot with the family. Food was great. Place was chill....wish we had one back at home. Kids loved pac-man. Place Rocks!
One day me and the sis and the cuz were wondering around central phoenix like we usually do... not knowing where to go, I was feeling Pizza A Metro, but the cuz wanted a burger she could sink her teeth into... I was drawing a serious blank when the sis shouted, "ORIGIONAL HAMBURGER WORKS!" ARR?? *lil puppy ears raise up in a questioning manner*

She quickly drove us there and it was adjacent to Phoenix College and had a cool Encanto vibe... I dug it. It's right next to this paint ur own ceramic pottery place that seemed so cool! When we entered the works...

It is HUGE on the inside! there are crazy signs from the 40s and 50s and traffic lights and the coolest copper topped tables. I totally dug it's cavernous feel. Ahhh... and the smell!! of fresh cooking meat!! WHOO HOO!!

We had to go through a lil line that reminded me of Castles n Coasters and some of the older Taco Bells... hmmm not so cute. but I can see how it could be necessary... I can just imagine how busy this place gets at lunch time with the college just RIGHT over there! 

Their burgers sounded pretty average... terriyaki burger, bacon cheese burgers - there's no crazy toppings that don't make sense like some places... just straight up great burger classics. but WHAT is different about the way the menu looked was that they had a retirement burger?! WTF?? it comes with a boat and a car! sweet!! the perfect sides!! I bet burgers totally taste better on a boat!! Now if only I could get a $1,000,000 to find out if it's true!! But since I couldn't afford the retirement burger, I opted for a 1/2lb patty topped with bacon and cheese. The sis chose a side order of half zucchini & onion rings and the cuz threw it DOWN that night yo!! TWO half pound patties with cheese! I'm not cool enough to hang with that! :(

We went around the corner, through the labrynth and paid we told the chick our name and got our cups, the soda fountain area is so cool! I love the Iced Tea section, there were many options to choose from! Sweetened black tea and green tea, raspberry and unsweetened tea... lovesit! and my sister's happy to see Red Creme soda can be found there too! 

When the food was ready I walked up to the wagon 'o toppings and had FUN! I buried my burger with mounds of lettuce, mayo, ketchup and some tomatos and tons of pickles... and when i was all done... I could barely fit it in my mouth! But somehow i managed and it was soo yummy!! Freshy cooked over a fire, it was so great! I haven't had such a good burger in a long time!

my ONLY complaint is that I wasn't sure about the daily meal deals... I didn't see it until the last second! and that the sides are so SMALL!! HUGE ass burgers... lil baby sides! WTF?! and for almost as much as a burger?!?! NOT COOL!!

But seriously, the people are cool and so are the other diners, there were tons of yummy firemen when I we went! Also, the attached bar looks like an awesome place to get drunk in!! It's totally on the list of places to try out! I really enjoyed myself here and got crazy full off of my huge burger and baby side! I still can't believe the cuz could handle a large double burger!! Craziness!! I'll definately be back with more in tow!

To my yelpers: i say go!! and try the burgers and marvel at the round lil circles of bacon atop of a perfectly charred burger! Load up on the toppings (like I did) and try not to bitch about the small sides (like I did) and try each of different types of tea (like I did) and maybe even a beer or two and don't ask a fireman if you can see their hose... (like I did) cuz they just MIGHT! but BOOO!!! They took me out to their truck instead of getting out of their trunks!!
Overall the place is cool. I prefer a thick meaty burger, but this was a little thin. The cheese was a half slice of American and should have been bigger. The burger was a little over done compared to my request and the staff could have been a little nicer. 

With all the seemingly negative comments, it could very easily be one of the best flavored burgers I have had. The smoke taste was in every bite, the meat was quality and tasted fresh, the self serve condiment bar was a plus, the red cream soda was a nice surprise. The frys were frys, a little crispy and perfect. 

I will be back and I will get the 1/2lb with extra cheese. I am sure I will be re-rating to a 5 if the staff steps it up too.
Burgers are one of those things that have branched out into several sub-genres. The Original Hamburger Works sticks with the classic, hand-shaped and flame broiled. Yes, much like you'd make at home. 

This isn't a fast food burger. This isn't a gourmet burger. This is a BURGER. And a burger place that you want to eat at. 

The chili cheese fries are sick. In a good way. Love it!
We stopped by the original hamburger works for lunch today. I had never been but my wife has before and I remember her saying that she was glad to see a local mom and pop establishment like this was still open there and thriving after not eating there in years. When you walk in you're greeted by wood walls, vintage signs some that even light up, this is the kind of place that influenced the cookie cutter "crap on the walls" restaurant décor.  I ordered the "classic" which is the cheese of your choice with mushrooms and bacon.  We also ordered an order of chili fries to share. The burger is served on a no frills styrfoam plate., because that's what it is, an honest to goodness no bull$&amp;@t tasty burger. And it was just that a big carb riddled well made slice of heaven.  The chili fries we're also very  good, I could see myself just eating a bowl of the chili, they we're literally swimming in chili and cheese.

All in all it was a very solid choice for lunch, and I look forward to going back and trying other menu items.
we randomly came across this place driving back from encanto park (where we saw a dog obedience school, which was hilarious).

the interior is caked with old-style saloon type stuff (like an entire wagon where all the sauces were located). they have plenty of specialty burgers (but no veggie burgers). also, on the menu, apparently you can buy this place for $1 million.

i had the hawai'ian burger which was awesome. you can eat at the bar (oh, they also have a full bar and video crack), which has free popcorn from one of those old-school popcorn machines. the fried zucchini and the onion rings were really good as well. 

i guess they have horseshoe and some other outdoor games in the back, but we didn't have time to check that out. they close way too early.

the cougar at the bar was nice, but could have been nicer.
The Original Hamburger Works is one of my fave places to grab a bite. They have enough room to ensure that you'll always [well, ALMOST] always have a place to sit, the decor is muy retro/college hangout/rustic ambience and there's lots and lots and LOTS of burgers from which to choose.

You can even see your burger being cooked if you want--and no, none of the burgers have been sitting and drying out to year-old cow-patty consistency, which is another bonus. And there's a great variety of burgers, too! 

And these folks are generous in the community, too--one year, they donated one whole day's worth of revenues to the family of a Phoenix police officer who had been killed in the line of duty. 

And best of all, it's another local business, which all us Yelpers need to support!
Just a great burger.  With a condiment bar the size of most salad bars you can make the burger exactly how you want it.  Cheap deals on beer/pitchers, make this ideal for an after golf hang out.  FYI.  Bring your receipt from either Encanto golf courses to get a dollar off of pitchers.
Hands down the best burgers....Fresh and juicy and hand-made.  The condiment bar is fantastic and they have A-1 steak sauce !!  

The patio is really nice, situated in a courtyard and off the street.

Always a joy to visit this burger joint.
After having fully recovered from my nightmarish Burger Studio experience, the Husband and I decided to try another restaurant that specializes in burgers.  This time, however, was a completely different experience.

The menu has an offering of burgers, chicken, and fish and chips.  There are onion rings, fried mushrooms, and fries for sides.  A few other items round out the simple item and everything is very reasonably priced, most being under 6 dollars.  I chose the bacon cheeseburger with American cheese and a wheat bun.  A pleasant surprise is the fact that you can choose between white, wheat, and onion buns.  Yay!  We also got a side of fries to share.  The total for 2 Works burgers, a side of fries, and 2 sodas was about 16 bucks.  Not bad at all.

I could immediately see that I was getting a good burger when I took off the top bun and visited the condiment bar.  The burger patty itself was large and slightly misshapen, definitely a hand formed patty.  The condiment bar has pretty much all the typical fixings that you would expect.  This was a good burger.  It was well seasoned, nicely cooked, and had a great charred taste.  The bun was fresh tasting and a nice change from the typical sesame seed burger bun.  The fries were portioned for one person, but they were substantial and tasty.

I really enjoyed this place from the cheap prices to the awesome vintage decor.  The tables were brushed copper and very cool looking.  The entire restaurant is actually larger than it looks from the outside and even has a bit of outdoor seating.  There is a decent sized bar on the side of the restaurant that everyone seemed to be having a great time at.  If I am in the mood for a no-nonsense good quality burger, I will definitely come here.
The Original Hamburger Works is not too far from where I work in downtown Phoenix, so when a group of us head out for lunch, we occasionally end up here. As the name indicates, they specialize in hamburgers, but they also have chicken burgers as well. The food is good and very reasonably priced. The fries are excellent. The soft drinks you vend yourself, so don't pay for a large cup. Get a small or medium size and keep going back for more.  The protocol is to stand in line and place your order at the window. They call your name over a loudspeaker when your order is ready.
This is really the perfect place for a college area.  Too bad it is wasted on Phoenix College.  The place is big, cluttered with cool stuff on the walls, and has a bar & a smoking patio.  The ordering process is fast and makes it easy.  It's like Fudruckers but edible.  

I ordered the Hawaiian Burger.  While it wasn't as good as the one I used to get at Goofy Goose in Tacoma, it was still pretty good.  The patty was huge, hand-formed, and perfectly cooked.  The bun was tasty.  There was ample Swiss cheese and teriyaki sauce on the burger as well.  The only complaint was that it only had one pineapple which was a 1/4 the size of the burger.  I really only got the full "Hawaiian Burger" experience when I got into the middle where the pineapple was.  Oh well, it was still good.

The side order of fries was tasty enough and their onion rings looked good.  

The condiment bar was a bit lacking.  I was hoping for lots of different sauces like honey mustard or horseradish but it was pretty much the basics.  The salad bar didn't look all that good to me but why are you getting a salad at a burger place?

In all, great burger, good prices, and exactly what I expected.  WAY better than Burger Studio.
Their grilled chicken sandwich makes my mouth water just writing this. Absolutely the best in Phoenix. The chicken is juicy and oversized . Love the self serve condiment bar to dress your sandwich to your liking. Prices are inexpensive. The beer battered onion rings are very tasty. This place is a bit shabby but who cares because the food makes up for it.
By far the best burger I have had in Phoenix.

The menu is simple and to the point. If you want a good burger in Phoenix this is the place to go. The meat is just so much better than Lenny's, Lucky Boy or any other place in town.
Yesterday morning, we went to St Joe's to see our new niece. She's 6 pounds 14 ounces, 17 inches long and I absolutely love her! Less than 24 hours old, Patience Marie is quite possibly the most miraculous thing to happen in my life since the births of my nieces in Ohio. 

So, seeing a newborn can certainly work up an appetite and since we were in the neighborhood, we decided to go to Original Hamburger Works. My mother-in-law shared a story about her last visit here, as we left the hospital. Apparently, on of the barmaids was celebrating her last day by exposing her breasts and allowing male patrons to feel their suppleness. Or offer their services in checking for abnormal conditions. Of this I was unclear. But, we verified that Original Hamburger Works does indeed have hamburgers so off we went. 

This was my first time going to OHW, and I must admit it's a bit confusing--especially if you come in the back entrance. Just so you don't walk in and take a seat (and look like a fool waiting for someone to wait on you) here's the lowdown: Proceed to the main dining area and get in line. Before you order, be aware there are many choices: First, if you're ordering a burger, they come in various sized--small one, big one (1/3#), double big one (2 of the previous patties), great big one (1/2#) and super great one (+1#). Then there's the buns, either onion, whole wheat or white. Then, there's the cheeses: Swiss, cheddar, jalapeno jack, American, provolone). If you're too intimidated to build your own burger, there are about half a dozen specialty burgers from which to chose. We ended up getting the Big One special, which came with fries for $5.49 but does not include your drink. Don't worry, though. They have a fully stocked bar in the next room! 

After your name is called, you can doctor up your burger with their selection of toppings. I went with the simple scoop of mayo. You do know white people love mayonnaise? Truly a wonderful burger.

How I'd never been to OHW prior to this weekend is beyond me. I know I'll be going back again and again. We did not, however, have to be subjected to exposed breasts during our visit. Unless you consider the ones of the chicken being grilled next to our burgers.
After moving here from the midwest I found it hard to find a decent burger.  (I'm still searching for decent BBQ.)  Anyway, my man and I finally tried The Original Hamburger Works.  You like big, juicy burgers?  A choice of white, wheat, or onion buns?  Would you like a "salad wagon" with all the condiments you can pile on?!  Of course you would!

And if you don't then just go eat at In & Out burger where you don't get any choices.  Blech!

There's lots of big, comfortable booth seating, the prices are reasonable, and portions are large.  They'd get 5 stars if their staff were a little more professional and courteous.
Good prices, awesome burgers that are fresh, and cooked on a wood fired grill. Condiments and such are do-it-yourself. Fries are home-made and good. Outside has smoking area. Could use some better beers on tap, and wifi would attract more college students. Still worth 5 stars.
I do enjoy Hamburger Works - every once in a while, I just HAVE to have one of their burgers.  The basic cheeseburger and fries special #1 is all it takes to make me a happy boy, if a bit bloated.

The same cannot be said for the interiors.  If cleanliness is next to godliness, then the owners of this place must worship Satan.  Also, the place is in dire need of a redo.  A fresh coat of paint and some new furniture would really be worth the investment!
i love the style of the place,the food was ok... not great... I didn't order anything exciting though... just burger and fries.. i think they could have a good business if they expanded hours and worked the bar angle more... they have a good place for it but only open til 11.... the wagon of salad was funny.
Well it has been about three weeks since I made the choice to visit this shrine to all that is burger, and I wanted to share my experience. I was online looking through reviews for other burger places when I found this place. I noticed that the reviews seemed pretty good so I decided to check it out. 

So on a Friday afternoon my buddy and I walked in to this old school looking building searching for what I was hoping was going to be one tasty burger ( think Samuel L. Jackson in pulp fiction) and I was right! The burgers are a nice size given some of the prices (7 bucks for a burger)?  

My tasty burger featured American cheese and a well done patty that looked like someone had made it at their house. Large disk shaped patty grilled the way I like it and ready for the several toppings I would choose to add from their topping bar. That 's right they have a section set up where you decide what you want to add to your sandwich. Cool, huh? OK so now that the good stuff has been said let 's get to the bad. 

First as the saying goes all that glitters is not gold was talking about this place. From the old looking tables that featured chairs that looked like they where taken from the set of Roseann, to the small and expensive order of fries I received there where some areas that needed improvement asap. The lady taking our order was not the most friendly person you will ever meet and the bar section was to close to the dinning room section so you get the full effect of being a loud drinker without having to pay 4-5 bucks for a beer. 

Also some of the decorations looked kind of dusty like they where kept outside during the last dust storm. So if you want good burgers then this is a good place for that. But if you want a cool hangout spot you may want to pop in a DVD of cheers and grab that burger to go.
My boyfriend likes burgers...I don't. Not really. I don't eat red meat, usually, and plain old hamburgers remind me of my earnest (but kind of white trash) youth. Not hatin', just sayin'. 

My boyfriend's boss raves about Original Hamburger Works, and my boyfriend had been there once before. Tonight, he insisted that we try it together. I was down...I like trying new things, and I have some kind of inchoate desire that I haven't really articulated, even to myself, to try every restaurant in a 10 mile radius of our apartment. I WILL become a minor, pompous authority on dining downtown. I will. 

Parking is easy, and the outside is pleasantly run down. The inside is even more pleasantly run down...another page torn right out of the worn tome of my aforementioned childhood. It reminds me of the kind of joints my family used to frequent when I was a kid...a little bit dirty, a little bit smelly, a little bit full of people over the age of forty getting their bump and grind on. 

Okay, we didn't sit in the bar area. I just...wasn't down with the hazy, purple-gray mist settled around it in the form of  bad set jobs. I think some of them were knitting lambskin condoms. We opted instead for the regular dining area, which is still dirty and smelly but also conspicuously void of any geriatric sexual activity. 

Everything in the restaurant is worn down, and not in a "faux aged" way...it's worn. It's chipped. Frayed. Tattered. Etcetera, ad nauseam. I see other Yelpers have been bothered by this detail. I myself was not. In fact...I kind of liked it. Just know that the other reviewers are for real - the place is a bit of a sty. 

You walk up, place your order, they call your name, you pick it up, and then you load up your burger/sandwich (for sandwiches are present, too) with condiments at the generous condiment bar. I had the 1/3 pound Hawaiian burger, which is basically a burger with a canned pineapple ring slapped on top of it. The menu indicated that teriyaki sauce would be involved, but I don't think that actually happened. My boyfriend had The Great Big One, or something like that, which is just a regular old burger, but...Great Big. We also shared an order of Arizona Fries, which are startlingly similar to the fries belched out of any other greasy burger place, within Arizona's borders and beyond. 

My boyfriend loves the burgers. He counts them among the best he has ever had. I liked it well enough, and I'm sure we'll visit again, but I wouldn't call it "among the best burgers I've ever had." Then again, I don't like burgers, so maybe you shouldn't take my word for it. 

Something you can totally take my word for: the honey mustard? Yeah, it's not good. Don't even waste your time filling up a little plastic cup of it to dip your fries in. The ranch dressing, though, is worth pilfering.
I like this place.  I like it a lot.  I'm a sucker for run down places with good food and a kid friendly atmosphere.  I've never eaten anything here that I wasn't happy with.
While this place cannot be considered healthy by any means, if you are need of a good ole' greasy burger fix, this place fits the bill.  My sister just recently discovered this place through a co-worker and has been bugging me to go with her ever since.  I was really surprised at how big the space is inside, tons of seating, a bar area and even an outdoor patio with tables and games!

Although I haven't been since I was a kid, I am guessing this is similar to the Chuckbox, order at the counter, and then they call out your number.  After you grab your burger, you head over to a giant wooden wagon that serves as the condiment bar.  It is stocked with tomatoes, ketchup, lettuce, pickles, hot peppers, mustard, mayo...you name it.  One side of it serves as a salad bar, so I guess if you went there and just got salad you consider it a healthy restaurant.

Their main gig is burgers, and they come in a variety of sizes from 1/3 lb all the up to a full pound and with a variety of toppings.  They also have some chicken sandwiches and even a grilled fish sandwich on the menu!

The burger was pretty good, the cheese was melted and I liked that I got to top it off just the way I like it.  But I have to say my favorite thing was the Fried Zucchini and Onion Rings.  I know most things are good once they are fried, but the batter on these was just right, and they were crisp, not a soggy mess.  I scored myself some ranch dressing off of the salad bar and I was in deep fried heaven.

So, while I won't be visiting here every week, every now and then I can see it hitting the spot.
I can see why this has been here for 25 years. Great burger indeed, great atmosphere, the vintage pacman machine up front made me laugh. Interesting the divide between the cozy dining room when you first enter to the lively bar as you explore more. Ping pong table outside, and horseshoes!
Really come on people, I had a thin dry ass over cooked bland hamburger and some undercooked cold fries. Nasty. I won't be going back. Price was right taste was wrong. The biker atmosphere and poorly prepared burgers will make sure i wont be going back.
I am sure if my husband sees this he may just very well divorce me!  He has been going to the OHW since he was a kid, and even though I am an AZ native as well, I had never been here. 

So last Friday after work, I said I need a burger and a beer, and we ended up here vs our usual Originial Wineburger (the 19th ave and Bethany location). 

I thought the atmosphere was fun, they are going for the this-place-is-old-as-hell-and-may-fall-apart-at-any-moment-yet-clean look.

Our order was taken very quickly, but its kind of confusing that you order at one register and then walk around, and stand and wait to be noticed to pay at the other register only 10 feet from the one you were just at...but whatev. 

Our food was out very fast! We each ordered burgers, then we split some fries and onion rings. The onion rings will get me to go back again, they were soooo good! The fries were ok. My burger was dry, had no flavor and the bun was stale as all get out. 

The condiment bar, ie the build your own burger, didn't impress me. There was nothing special on it. Seriously toss some green olives on there and you may peak my interest...but everything on the condiment stand could easily be in bottles at each table. 

I went to the bar and got 2 bottles of Stella...for $8, holy heck! Not cool. We sure as heck werent in Scottsdale last I checked we were in the avenues. 

I do have to say, one thing that actually made my mouth drop open and then when I showed it to the hubs his mouth also dropped open in disbelief was that they have Barqs RED CREAM SODA!!! Thats like the holy grail of sodas right there! If they offered vanilla ice cream there I may have just moved in and lived off of red cream soda floats for the rest of my life or until I slipped into a diabetic coma. 

If the hubs wants to go back I will not fight it only because of the red cream soda and the onion rings. But as far as burgers go, give me a Original Wineburger, I like burgers that have flavor, are juicy and on amazing freshly baked buns!
Craving a burger from the grill?  Go to hamburger works.  Unlike a lot of hamburger places in town this place cooks your burger on a real BBQ like the one in your backyard.  Well sort of :) their BBQ is a lot bigger!  

Ordering is kind of weird you order at the station next to the grill then walk around the corner to pay and then they call out your number.  I think they do this so that you can walk around and see the burgers grilling and the kitchen.  

On the other side of the place there is a full bar.  They also have an outside eating area and back entrance.  

The food is awesome.  I have been here pretty regular since I discovered it on yelp.  The buns have always been fresh and the burgers are grilled so they are not as juicy and greasy.  But thats a good thing.  They have an awesome flavor! The condiment bar is pretty cool.  You get the standard fair.  This is pretty much a build your own burger place.  I like to take my burger and put lettuce tomato onions and thousand island.  Its like an in and out on steroids! 

The fried fair is good. Im not a fan of their french fries I usually go for the half mushroom/zucchini combo.  But if you get a combo with fries I recommend getting a ranch cup from the condiment bar and dipping them in that.  Their ranch is so good!   

The Chicken sandwich is also good.  Get the plain unless you want to be covered in sauce. 

Overall I love this place this is a great family restaurant and you wont break the bank.  Only thing I would knock a star off is for customer service.  About half the time the person behind the counter seems to have an attitude for some reason.  

Will be back for another burger.
This is the best burger I have had in Phoenix. Grilled just right, and I get to put the fixing's on. The kids loved it too. They know how to handle a line of customers. We got there right at lunch time. There was maybe 10 in line. It still only took a few minutes. what a great place.
There's something incredibly charming about this place. Old and kind of dark, I live a couple miles away from this place and I had no idea it was there. Food was really more 3 1/2 stars but the fries were bomb and I was starving so I'm feeling generous enough to bump it up to 4.

I was with a fellow Phoenician who requested to remain nameless because he is weird. Eh fuck it, I don't care that much, it was Collin S. Mystery solved, woohoo.

Now on to the burgers. All beef ground patty was on the thin side, but I was totally cool with that as it allowed me to pile on 8 feet of toppings! For once I've found a topping bar that wasn't ill-kept and made me feel like dozens of chidren's unwashed hands had been rifling through everything. Flavorful and tasty and CHEAP. Have I had superior burgers? Absolutely! But not for the price of a McDonalds happy meal and that was A-OK with me.

Bottom line, Original Hamburger Works is the perfect place to go when you want a quality burger and fries at fast food prices with the luxury of a liquor license.
Great casual burger restaurant and bar that caters to the downtown Phoenix crowd, Encanto golf course and neighborhood and students from Phoenix College along with St. Mary's and Brophy Prep High School students. Go in for lunch on a weekend and you'll find numerous golfers cooling off after a round on the links and on Friday nights during high school football season you'll see families getting a bite before Brophy Games at the Phoenix College stadium.

The burgers are big and juicy and with the condiment bar you can add whatever toppings you like. The french fries are thick and seasoned well. My wife loves the ham steak sandwich and the kids like the choice of hamburgers, hot dogs or chicken fingers.

The decor is like an old-fashioned tavern with gas station and other kitschy decorations overlooking wood benches and tables. The TV's usually have ESPN or some sporting events on and you can also sit at the bar or on the patio when the weather permits.

As a whole, the restaurant is very reminiscent of the Chuck Box in Tempe and the Monastery that used to be at 28th and Indian School. A great casual atmosphere to get eats and drinks without the pretension found at some of the new upscale burger joints in town.

Good food for a great price!
Family and I really enjoyed this place, luckily we came by during off peak hours. I have driven by at times and the parking lot was full. But it has a great environment, burgers were very good, fries and onion rings were great. Overall we had a great time and we will come by again.
I've been going to OHW for several years. Just have been ignoring my burger cravings. I am in agreement that the burgers are good and the fries are okay; but the fried food (onion wrings, zucchini, mushrooms) are great!!! My roommate has gotten the chicken sandwiches and we both fill up on the "fixings" bar. I forgot how great the Ranch dressing is; also they have (or had) FANTA Red Creme Soda; I don't know why but I love that stuff.
The bad: the bar closes at 10pm.  It seems like the western, country, wagon-wheel themed bar that you'd like to close down one night while playing some good tunes on the juke box and eating peanuts.  And also the french fries, file those under bad.

The good: the hamburgers are pretty much delicious.  Definitely go for guacamole, and add whatever you want from the topping wagon.

I didn't try one myself, but I hear the cookies are good.
Great neighborhod bar with awesome ($2.50 pints in frozen glasses!) prices.  Hamburgers and fries are pretty decent.  Potato with chili cheese was huge (but cost more than my beer) and yummy.  Super friendly and awesome service, plus a large outdoor seating area.
Not in a burger mood, I went for the fish n chips.
Hello, rubbery batter!
*pfffffft* (that's how you spell the sound a fart makes.)
Fries were yummy.  Ordering process was organized.
*ppffffffffffffttttttttttt*
I like the different varieties of tea.  I don't like mine sweetened.
Good lunch hour crowd.  Lots of men.
*ppppffffftttttt*
Buy a burger, put on your own toppings, and destroy! Why so serious?
As if trapped in a bad cowboy movie, I bellied up to the bar at The Original Hamburger Works and couldn't help but think, what have I gotten myself into?

Country music was playing on the jukebox, and it was a little unnerving to overhear a conversation between other patrons about a bar fight.

Then the buxom bartender said "hi" and something in her voice was genuine and welcoming and her smile could have brightened a room. Pouring a pitcher of beer from the tap, then setting an ice-cold glass in front of me, she offered up a menu.

While the 30-year-old eatery in Phoenix is showing its age, the attitude is laid back and super friendly.

The Original Hamburger Works has two dining rooms, the bar and a more family-friendly space. The taste is decidedly kitschy, with walls covered in vintage signs, sporting memorabilia and chotchkies galore. The atmosphere is fun. Large tables can accommodate big groups. Orders are placed and paid for at the counter. In the bar, orders are taken by the bartender.

Like a campfire, there is something mouthwatering about the strong smell of mesquite wood smoke emanating from the kitchen. You can tell from watching the cooks manhandle slabs of meat over an open flame that the burgers here are treated right.

The centerpiece of the dining room is a wagon filled with fresh-sliced tomatoes, lettuce, onions and pickles and condiments and salad dressings. You are in control of your burger destiny with as many ladles of ranch dressing as you'd like. I'd recommend not going too heavy on the condiments and toppings; the burgers here can stand on their own.

Biting into the Big One ($4.09) gives new meaning to the whimsical saying. A deep amber charbroiled crust surrounds the 1/3 pound of fresh ground beef, inside it's perfectly medium, as ordered. The meat is toothsome, well seasoned and bursting with a wonderful beefy caramelized flavor.

Potatoes, aka fries ($1.79), were disappointingly pale and seemingly unsalted. I'd opt for the Onion Rings ($2.69), fried golden brown and addictive with dunks into ranch dressing.

If you don't eat red meat you're in luck, they make a juicy Chicken Sandwich ($5.09). Cooked over the same mesquite coals, this sandwich has a surprising amount of satisfying heft. The Italian version gets a treatment of flavor, adding Italian dressing before getting cooked to a savory finish.

Fair warning: When eating Buffalo Wings (nine pieces for $5.95) don't wear a nice shirt. These are so sloppy that you may need a stack of wet-naps to get through the plate, but exactly how they should be.

The Original Hamburger Works might be a little bit country, but the burgers are a whole lot of rock 'n roll.
Here's an oddball place for you!  Like Dos Gringos Mexigrill, it's a big, seriously nutty sports bar & restaurant.  This one is junked up not only with a zillion signs, but also with car parts, traffic signals, & a gas pump!  With them having the nerve to call their Big One "the best hamburger anywhere" on their Website, I figured I'd better whip in there & find out!

Burgers here START with 1/3 lb. of meat, & go up to 1/2 lb. & then A FULL POUND if you want!  I ordered a regular "Big One", which is the 1/3 pounder.  You get bread choices (nice!), & I went with a whole wheat bun, which was big & fresh.  I also ordered fries & a side of chili.  You order in one place, & pay at another, while they barbecue your hamburger steak on a Mesquite-burning grill.  Yum!

Pretty soon my food was ready for pickup, filling a plastic picnic plate sitting on a big pizza pan, which (presumably) is clean enough for you to recover all the food that WILL fall onto it from your mile high burger creation.  (You put all of your own fixin's on the burger.)

I added mayonnaise, mustard, onions, lots dill pickle slices, a little relish, lettuce, & 3 tomato slices to my burger, plus I got a little cup of ketchup on the side to dip the burger in.  There were also peppers, olives, & other items available.

I really could have done without all the "atmosphere" here, & the chili was blah, but the burger & fries were both excellent, & so was the value.  Best hamburger anywhere?  I don't know, but it's somewhere up there & this is quite a place.  Try it!     :-))

Big One & Fries $5.49, Side of Chili $1.09 = $6.58
10/22/2010 
Five Star Fries 

The food got so much better here when smoking butted out. 

I sometimes entertain ideas about what I'd recommend in Phoenix to a foreign visitor. I get up on my little cerebral stage, crack a few bad puns to make the ideas groan then sing old school fight songs and "Semper Paratus" in my off-key bass. A good idea is hard to entertain, especially with talents like mine. 

There are some slicked out burger spots, like a ducktail flattop haircut. Stainless steel diamond-grid walls, the obligatory Marilyn Monroe "Some Like it Hot" subway skirt blowing pic. A framed graphic of a '57 Chevy with LED's for headlights. Jukeboxes in malt-shop booths. 

These would be fun and interesting to many burger-seeking visitors from afar. Great pictures home from the phone, Elvis singing "Blue Suede Shoes" for a quarter, a chocolate shake from real scooped ice cream like hardly anyone makes in eateries these days.  Like the 1950's on stage.  

I'm thinking I'd advise my imaginary visitors stop by the Original Hamburger Works. There's considerable menu variety: chicken, fish, even veggie for the soy-lovers among us. Whatever amount of flattened ground beef you want is grilled amid dancing flames before your eyes, exactly how done you want it, then sandwiched twixt your choice of a whole-wheat, regular or onion bun. 

If you need a beverage, the full service bar and it's flat-panel entertainment buddies straddle the worlds of indoor and outdoor tables. The out door patio is punctuated by winter fire-pits. The indoor tables are close to the carbonated all-you-can-guzzle soft drink bar.   Iced tea, Texas sweet, green or regular standing by, wait to be cool. 

Back in burger land and the fixins buffet, you get to make up your sandwich with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, onions and?  Cute little cups are fillable with catsup for the phenomenal hand-cut fries.  If you're a fry sauce kind of human, there's thousand island, mustard, mayonnaise and relish for immediate use or custom-mixing.  Plus a small salad bar, only if you pay for one. 

Hamburger Works was doing this long before the slick 12 dollar do-it-yourself burger chains were conceived. As other reviewers mention, it's full of all sorts of old signs and Phoenician memorabilia. The wood-paneled walls have been nicotined and burger-sooted to the patina of Shakespeare's favorite pub.  If your a museum-gazer kind of person, your eyes will never rest.   

It's a low-cost college eatery and bar crossed with a neighborhood hangout I once inhabited - the Snug Saloon.  Without beer kegs seats and cable-spool tables at the Original Hamburger Works.  It's more civilized.  Simply an original, Arizona American burger kind of place appealing to every age, family, and walk of life. 

That's why I entertain ideas of why I'd recommend this place to visitors from anywhere. It's a unique institution at Thomas and 15th Ave.  

Plus there's stores adjacent, open evening hours, with all the swag visitors and home decorators love to investigate and buy. 

For now, from me, to visitors, I'd recommend the Original Hamburger Works
This place is a straight up burger shop. No thrills, no gimmicks. If you love cheeseburgers, you need to come here. They make everything to order, so you can have just about any combination and you can add whatever condiments you want; as they have a full sized salad bar full of condiments.

Walking in, the place screams cheeseburger... not a place for vegans.
Chili was awesome... Good toppings bar but nothing out of the ordinary. Burger was moist & well cooked but without seasoning. Great chocolate shakes!
The menu is almost identical to Chuckbox... even the burger names.  I've been trying to find out if OHW & CB are "related" or just shockingly similar. 

Went there for the first time yesterday for an early dinner with friends.  Love the "shabby" decor - the ancient cig machine by the front door was bitchen.  

The burger was great - although Chuckbox is a wee bit better, in my opinion.  You can taste the smoke on the meat better at Chuckbox.  Plus CB has this excellent hot sauce... OHW just had Tabasco.  

We didn't enjoy the outside accomodations but they looked really nice - patio seating, games, etc.  It was just too cold yesterday.  The bar was separate so it's definately a kid-friendly place.

We decided to get a milkshake after my friend's little boys came back with one that was so dark and chocolatey looking.  Never seen one so chocolatey looking!  I was shocked at the price ($5.41!!!!) but have to say (and my husband agreed) that it was well worth it.  Definately the BEST chocolate milkshake I've ever had.  And worth the $5+ pricetag.
WOW!!!!!!!!!  This is one of the best "hole in the wall" diner/sports bars I've been to that was actually fun, great burger and the staff are all very friendly (a little slow), but friendly.  I was there with my son, grandson and cousin that was in town visiting.  We were all able to sit in the bar, watch the game (cards lost...no surprise there, but the bears won!), have a great meal and enjoy the ambiance.  I would recommend this to anyone, drinkers or non drinkers alike.  There is a condiment bar so you put on your burger whatever you want.  I enjoyed the Fiesta Burger and the guacamole was so tasty and fresh.  Awesome!
Great burger at a great deal especially with Restaurant.com gift certificate.  Buy $20 worth of food for $10 buck.  Wife and kids had dinner here about 5 times and everytime we have left over.  1/2 pound of meat is alot to handle.  the place does need remodeling, has that old feel to it.
This is probably the best mom and pop hamburger joint in Phoenix.  It may look like a hole in the wall and dated but the food is good, service is decent and the prices are super-reasonable. I've never had a bad hamburger from here.

 If you are a vegetarian or uber-health conscious there is not much on this menu if at all to please you.  The burgers are delicious as are the chicken sandwiches.  According to the menu there are fish and ham sandwich options.  Have not eaten them but they are probably good as well, same goes for the cocktails.  My only concern would be for maybe for them to have salads or healthier options?
Start off your trip here just like the cows did, corralled in to a long orderly line, but you will be met by some one who takes your order not the slaughter house.

If you are not a meat eater your options are limited, and on my visit they were out of veggie burgers. Luckily they have a cod sandwich (4.79). If you want a side think cut fries are a steep $1.75 for a small tray or they have other options like fried zucinni that is upwards of $3

The condiment section is great with jalapeños peppers sauces galore onions lettuce and tomato.

for a drink they have a new coke flavor wave which is always fun, and there is a bar that is connected with free popcorn which is a big plus for me. (that is why its 4 stars)

My fish sandwich it self tasted of char and the included tar tar sauce, the bun was soft and fresh. Despite saying its was some large fraction of a pound of fish it seemed a bit thin and small.

Overall if you are a vegetarian, pescaterian you can make by here but it should not be your first choice.
Although I had no plans to eat here, the opportunity presented itself and my husband was getting hungry so I had only minutes before there was a possibility he would launch into d-bag mode.  OHW reminds me of Bun Huggers in Flagstaff both in decor and concept, where you wait in line to order off the overhead menu, burgers are cooked to order, and you help yourself to the topping bar.  Only here, the green chiles are fresh.  + 100 stars for that!  Burger and rings were great, but the fries were nothing special.

Several sized burgers are offered (in addition to chicken and fish) which is great for me because the one thing I can't eat in vast quantities is ground beef, so the small is the perfect size.  The topping bar was reasonably clean, they were busy, but the produce looked fresh.  They even have the coke dispenser with the computer interface, as well as the standard fountain.  While in theory it should shorten the drink lines, not so much when there's a child in front of you or a 40+-year old who needs instruction on how to work it.  Screw you dude behind me waiting impatiently while I read the instructions!
My wife and I checked OHW out because of a Restaurants.com special (got the $10 off $20 food coupon for $1.50!)  It's a bit far for us to go, but we've been there twice already.  

The food reminds me of a place in CA that had equally great mesquite grilled burgers.  The salad bar is good too.  I just wish they had real bacon bits rather than the fake stuff.  All of the other salad ingredients are fresh and delicious, if somewhat standard.  The single serving plate is reasonably priced and generous in proportion.  Too large, really, because I had to take my burger to go after eating the salad!  It made a great dinner.  

My wife enjoys the onion rings very much. I sneaked a bite of hers and can attest to their quality.  She is not as jazzed about this place as I am, but does like the food.

Weekdays this place can be quite busy due to it's proximity to business.  However, we did not have to wait in line to order, found an open booth, and our food was ready in no time.  It's a burger place and has it's own special character (meaning old building and decor.)  If you are looking for good burgers in Phoenix, this is the best I've found so far.
If you find yourself in Central Phoenix, in need of a meal, this is a great option.

I frequent this place, because it's close to work and popular with my co-workers.  I've been coming here since the 80's, so you know it has a huge following of long-term customers.  It's pretty much the same now as it was back in the day.

You get in a line, and place your order.  Get at least a 1/3 lb burger; any smaller and I think they come out a little tough.

Their 'Classic' burger is amazing- patty, cheese, mushrooms, bacon.  HEAVEN!

You can mix your fried sides, or just get fries.  They have great onion rings, zucchini, fries, and mushrooms.

Serve your own drink.  They call you name to pick up your food, and you head over with your big pizza-pan type tray and add your fixins from a generously stocked condiments bar.

In addition, they have a bar with basic drinks and sports playing on TV's, if that's your thing.

It's a great place to meet up with friends. Friendly and casual atmosphere.  Lots of locals, college students, hospital employees, police officers and firefighters here.

Would I drive 10 miles to this location, just to get a burger?  Likely not, but it's a GREAT option if you are down here in the 'hood, going to the airport, a museum, a play, the courthouses, or another place in Central Phoenix.

A NOTE- they have great grilled chicken, and salad is an option if you are on-the-wagon in terms of burgers and fries.
I ordered the fiesta burger... Took awhile to make, longer than I thought it should, but hey, if it's a good burger, worth the wait right?  Well, the burger, while decently flavorful, was a little too "done" for my taste, and wasn't all that hot when I got it...  Also, the cheese wasn't melted, so who knows if I just got a patty that had been sitting for awhile...  
Overall a decent burger and good fries, although for a small basket of fries it was almost $2.  Burger was also not quite worth the price in my opinion.  Won't be someplace I intentionally go to unless I happen to be closeby and in need of food.
MEAT!  They make hamburgers, very well too.  Not much else.  There are fries, of course and the veggie burger I guess if you want that (which I am sure is thrown on the same grill so it gets a nice coating of beef fat).

They make burgers, pretty dang good burgers.  Decently quick and to order.  Plus a condiment bar (that seems to be missing BBQ sauce, for shame).  If you want something that isn't a burger you shouldn't be going to a place called "Burger Works" to begin with.  If you want a good burger, it's a good choice.
We were in the Phoenix area a few weekends ago and after we saw that Los Reyes de la Tortas was overflowing, I did a quick yelp search and saw that I had bookmarked OHW and we headed on over. The place has a huge dining room and a bar and patio off the back. 

They were out of zucchini when we were there (huge sad face), but my friend and I each got a burger and some fries. They were pretty good, but they weren't the best burgers I've ever had in my life. I'd probably try it again if I was in the area, but I'm sure there are better burger places around
This place is down the street from where I work so it is a favorite stop for my co-workers and I.  This place is on par with Fuddruckers.  Burgers are good and cooked to order.  The place has a great feel to it.  Don't order the jalapeño poppers, complete joke.  This place is listed on http://www.restaurant.com/ so don't forget to get yourself a killer discount!

All and all the place is a great burger at a decent price.  I would certainly recommend.
Completely running into this place by accident, without the aid of friends or yelp reviews, I am overwhelmingly pleased that I not only found a place I enjoyed that night, but for many occasions to come. 

I wasn't really sure what to expect when I walked in, and at first I was overwhelmed. It seemed like a neverending lot of treasures to discover. There were old signs all over the walls, stop lights, the ads in the glass on the tables, a wagon full of 'fixins for everyone to add to their meal.

As I eyed the menu and gazed upon the rest of the establishment, there were a few tables occupied with an older group of friends and a young boy with his dad. There were also a few people at the bar, which I spotted in the other room as I finalized my decision. While I waited, I ordered a coke and loved that they had the digital you can do anything you want with your soda machine. Total win! I think I sat and played with it for minutes. Luckily there wasn't a line. 

Overall the place has a nice relaxing feel in my opinion. It may look like it should be dirty, but I assure you its not. There's a huge part of the restaurant that is not near the bar for the family folk. Outside the bar is a patio that apparently has horseshoes. Oh yes, you heard me right. Who's coming with me to play horseshoes?

I ordered the green chili burger and it was amazing. Lids are offered for the plastic condiment cups at the 'fixins bar for those who are ordering to go, like I was.

Looks like a potential nice place to sit back and watch a game... or play horseshoes... :)
Checked this place out after some of the reviews and thought it was OK. I can see why this place can get busy with its well sized burgers and proper pricing to go along with it during the week and lunch time for many. 

The decor is nice and suits it for making you feel like your in a cabin bar, but wait there is a bar around the corner hah. 

The ordering style is a la carte, with every add of extra cheese, tomato, onion etc adds to the costs. I ordered a big one with cheese and my wife ordered a small one with onions. 

My burger was a bit more juicier then my wives, but had the same taste as if they had been bbq'ed. The quality tasted a it below angus patties but good for overall. 

The fries were good. 

Compared to other popular gourmet burger places I would say that for the money that it is a good buy, but if you don't mind spending the extra for better quality suggest going elsewhere. 

Overall: It is a quick bite during lunch, or before a ball game, but would not be a an out of my way to go here type of food place.
Great neighborhood spot. Fried potatoes are a standout and wings have just enough fire to make them interesting. Go here a few times and it will be a place where everyone knows your name.
PLUS: Big burgers, cooked when ordered. Variety of sides (fried mushrooms, zucchini, etc.) No attitude.

MINUS: $4.95 for a shake? Really? The fixin's on the salad bar can look a little haggard at times.
I had a Garden Burger and fries.  It was pretty darn good.  I liked the condiment bar as I could put whatever I wanted on it in whatever quantity I wanted.
A no frills hole in the wall hamburger joint.  The burger is cooked to order, delicious, and the perfect mix of juicy and slightly greasy so you know you're eating the real deal.  The fixin' bar is an interesting concept which I like since I can pile on as many goodies as I like.  The bar gets a little messy at times, but eh, who cares.

The burgers are not the cheapest, but then again if you wanted cheap you'd go to a dollar menu, no?  Its worth the line, and fighting some of the students from across the street (Phoenix College) for a bite at Hamburger Works!
Back again this time for the burger with green chile.  Excellent and very tasty.  My roommate had the fish sandwich; extremely good portion.  Love the burger bar.  New favorite green chile burger.
I absolutely LOVE this place. I go almost every week for lunch between classes. They have the best fries around. I always order the Hawaiin burger, fries and don't forget the red cream soda. Hamburger Works is one of the rare places that carries red cream soda, if you haven't had it before you must try it. The staff here is always friendly and welcoming.
I give this one star ONLY because the owner of the restaurant was considerate enough to hear my rant about his incompetent workers who could not for the life of me, take down a simple one hamburger plus fries phone order. An apology for my order would have apparently been too much, instead I got a "are you sure you called this location"? Ummm... You have another location?? I've had better service at McDonalds.
Whenever i'm craving a good burger, i come to this place!  Always order the big one combo, think it's the number 1, on an onion bun and cheese.

When ordering you don't need too customize at all, because you get your order and stop at the little salad bar to pile on the works and condiments...pretty good deal!

I'm always satisfied when i leave this place, good simple rustic atmosphere--and a bar in the back doesn't hurt.
This place is tied with the Chuckbox for the best burger in arizona in my book! This is the way a burger was meant to be! Grilled over a wood fire, your choice of cheese and you add the toppings the way YOU want them! The fries are pretty good and the cheese sticks aren't bad either. Don't forget your punch card if you are a regular, I've already gotten one free burger!
If you're looking for a comfy place for a juicy burger and amazing fries...Here it is!

So lucky to have come across this place. The atmosphere is just perfect, tv's with sports on all the time, full far, and salad bar for you to customize your burger to your liking. 

I usually get the #4 which is the small one with some fries. Don't be fooled by the name "small one" their burgers are a pretty good size and when you add all your toppings from the salad bar, it gets even BIGGER! I have seen the bigger burgers, and boy are those huge! You are able to choose the kind of cheese and bun that you want, and that's always good. 

Heard the jalapeno poppers are good and their mushroom topping is too!
Anything with the word "Original" in that name always makes me wonder, for real? 

This place is for real. It is very close to the new house and I met the 'rents there for a burger the other night and to watch the Giants beat the '9ers. I immediately felt a sense of familiarity when I walked in the door, I hadn't remembered being there before until I walked in. But it all came back to me very quickly. I remember stopping by here years ago with friend before heading to the Fair one year. It was just as good as I remember it. 

It is an old fashioned burger join. You can either walk up and order then take your food to your table, or if you are on the bar side you can order from the bartender, who is very attentive, even with a full bar and restaurant. Once you get your burger or sandwich, you go to the fixin's bar, load up on toppings and veggies then sit back down to enjoy! They also have some great sides and aps, fried mushrooms, onion rings, zucchini and fries. They fries are OK, a little over done for my taste but everything else was great. 

This is a great place to make a regular stop on your weekly happy hour agenda, to watch a sports game (tons of TVs on the bar side) or to fix your burger cravings.
Not one complaint here, this burger place is right on time. Got " The  Big One" with American cheese and fries for $5.49. The place was packed when I was there during lunch time, we waited about 10-15 minutes to get our food, and I was VERY pleased with every bite. 

They have a condiment bar to add your own toppings, all I added was a little mayo, ketchup, and mustard.....that burger was a flame broiled disc of greatness! Fries were perfectly crunchy and tasted extra special dipped in ranch. 

The place has great atmosphere and a cute patio area to sit outside when it's a nice day, service was prompt and courteous....can't wait to go back here.
The atmosphere is good and I love the condiment bar.  Real potential kinda place. BUT the burgers are too thin and lack seasoning. The burgers were also seriously over cooked.  We asked for medium but got well done. Very disappointed as I was really hoping to find a great burger place.
I ordered the fiesta burger and was surprised at how dry it was even with the guac on it. The patty its self was just dry and not seasoned very well. My friend had the chesse burger with bacon and could not finish even a 1/4 of it due to the dryness. I was also a little concerned at the lack of cleaniness about the sides bar. I witness the guy replenishing the bar but putting the old ketchup on top of the new ketchup. The problem with this is that the old ketchup had lettuce and pepper pieces in it.  However the onion rings were great as well as the fried Zucchini. Prehaps my friend and I visted them on an off night.
This is a great back-yard-type-char-grilled burger. Expect that and you'll be fine. 

I've seen some comments about the burger being dry. Yup. I've never asked for rare or medium. I'm not sure they could do it right. If I were paying $10 dollars for the burger then I'd expect them to do it right.  It is not a gourmet burger place nor do they claim to be. 

Onion rings over fries.
Cool looking place prices are good..very nice place will definalty have to go back again.
I dig the burgers here especially for the price.  Maybe it is the charcoal fired sear on the outside, but these things are great.  I jam as many jalapenos as I can on there and make myself cry every time I eat here.
I really don't get the great reviews? The atmosphere is great, but the food? There is nothing special about it. It's like grilling a burger at home and then adding basic condiments to it. The meat is average, the bun is average, the cheese is average. Maybe I'm too "new school," but I think that a "hamburger only restaurant" should have a variety of hamburgers- things like a BBQ cheeseburger. They actually don't have any BBQ sauce which I thought was strange. I think that people really enjoy specialty burgers like teriyaki burgers or an onion ring on a burger. This place seems like it has a great bar, but the burgers did not impress.

Also, I have to "throw the challenge flag" on the reviews that say this place is inexpensive. I somehow spent $8.00 for a normal cheese burger without fries.
The main draw is the wood fire grill.  Once I got beyond that, the price started to bother me.  A generally passable meal.
They have added BBQ sauce.
Great food, great service!! $5 for a pitcher of beer? heck yeah!!!
This place has a lived-in, part-of-the-neighborhood feel that I really enjoy.  And if you want to see an artist at work, watch them perfectly land burger patties on the charcoal grill from several feet away, bing-bang-boom, one after the other, and none of them out of place.   The results are delicious...except for the buns.   This seems like a terrible place for a hamburger joint to economize, but they have.  The buns are dry and flavorless, which is a real shame, because it takes away from what would otherwise be an outstanding burger.
If you are like me,  you are so sick of cookie cutter, bland chain burger joints.  That is the reason why I love this place so much!  I usually go with the "On the Border Burger" with fries and a cherry vanilla Mister Pibb.  The bar is worth hitting up too if you are in the market to throw back a few while any of the local Valley sports teams play.  Outside of that, the toppings bar is well stocked, and clean.  The food is always tasty and made in front of you with a relatively short wait.  The restaurant is easy to find on the south east corner of 15th Ave & Thomas.

My only star deduction is due to the fact that the tables are usually not cleaned well or fast enough.  I shouldn't have to clean up after the last customer, but most of the time I have.
This burger was the best I've had here. It was cooked medium well, not scorched.  In the past I have been critical of the price.  There was and improvement today.
Food as always is good.  The Service on the other hand is very unaccomdating.  The girl at the register let us know when we asked if there was a manager available that they were all on vacation.  So I am guessing that customer service is the last thing this place realy cares about.  Because of the rudness.
Wow, what a really good burger.  Went here on the recommendation of someone local, and i was really impressed.  The condiment bar was great and i like the old style tables.  

The only negative things i could say is that the wait was a little bit longer than i expected, and the place is a little dark.  they should throw up some more lights, imo.
No work Monday afternoon Fat Tire and 1/2 lb classic with a side of rings.... Priceless ..... Only complaint even though it really isn't dirty it just gives ya that feel...... As always great mix of incredibly laid back clientele.....but honestly in the end its just a decent burger in dingy bar......
Damn Good Burger! (I appreciate the load your own toppings and the variety of burger sizes and cheese options)

Super onion rings! (SUPER ONION RINGS!)

Limited but fresh salad bar. (Iceberg, onion, bell pepper, cucumber, broccoli, shrooms, shredded cheese, bacon bits, hard boiled egg, croutons. Can grab tomato and hot peppers from the burger topping side.)

Great prices! (My 1/3lb really good burger with no cheese was $5.29. Choice of white, wheat, onion bun.)

Crappy draft/draught selection - which is the hold back from the 5th star. (I prefer something a bit more...ummm, well, more beer like than Michelob's Amber Bock.)

I will be back!  Damn, that was a good burger!
Really like this place. Here's why; LOVE the burgers. In my opinion they are far better than anything I ever ate at FUDDRUCKERS. Also, I eat my burgers well done. Can't stand them even with a little pink in the middle. Any time I eat here, I always get mine well done. LOVE that I can sit in the bar and have a cold one and order a burger too. 

Why not 5 stars? When sitting in the bar, service is slow. Bartender seems more interested in waiting on folks at the bar, and less interested in folks in the booths. Also, they are stingy with their fries. For the price, they need to heap those babies on the plate. Other than that, excellent place.
Drove by and mom mentioned that she's always wanted to eat here, ever since she went to high school across the street at the now non-existent West High. With longevity like that, you know they have to be doing something right.

The setup is a bit like Five Guys or Fuddruckers - you walk up to the counter and order your burger and side. You have a choice of bun (white, wheat, onion) and cheese (American, swiss, cheddar, provolone). They call your name and you add your own condiments from the condiment buffet (which doubles as the salad bar). I really like this setup because you get to put as little or as much whatever you want on it. I wish they had some hot cheese like Fuddruckers, though. My burger with fries was $5.99 - they charge extra for cheese and extras like mushrooms or bacon. A soda with unlimited refills (and they have one of those crazy touch screen soda machines) was $1.79. 

The burger was excellent quality and cooked just right - though they didn't ask how I wanted it. I guess they do everyone's medium? The fries were thick cut and really good. This place is definitely recommended.
Definitely a dive bar - one that would be featured on "Kitchen Nightmares" or "Restaurant Stakeout". The decor was classic clutter.  The staff didn't say hello or make eye contact - they were too busy on their cell phones texting. The salad bar was from a bus station cafe. Well, you get the picture. 

So why did I rate it 3 stars?  We sat in the bar area where the atmosphere was friendly and the L.I. Ice Teas were some of the best we've ever had!!!  And the food was awesome!!!!   The "Border Burger" was 5-stars all on its own.  The condiment bar (next to the wilted lettuce) let's you build your burger the way you want it. 

It reminds me if the old saying, "never judge a burger on its bun"!!!
Love it!  

Great atmosphere, such a neat place to be.  Then the burger and fries are awesome.  The only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is because I want to go back and tell them how I wanted my burger cooked, I'm not a fan of "well" which predictably is apparently their default.  I heard the onion rings are great also so I look forward to trying them also.  

It appears to get really busy so if you can get there a little ahead of the rush.
Great burgers! Love their huge selection of drink options and the choose your own condiment station. It's a little dark hideaway that serves up great food. I've been back a couple times a week since I initially found this place via Yelp. You gotta try these burgers!
Good burgers. Great place for a good old fashion hamburger, fries and a beer.
If you like to eat and you're not a vegetarian, you've likely heard of The Original Hamburger Works. It may even be on the list of eateries that you "must visit when in Phoenix" depending on who you ask.

You order your meal at a tiny window next to the grill where the burgers are cooked. Flames leap from the cooking surface as you speak your order to the...order taker? I don't know what to call her, because you don't pay here, you only order here. You walk around the corner and pay for your food.

I didn't order the gigantic burger, I opted for the big burger. With fries and a drink. I paid about $9 for it and I was told to listen for my name while I got my drink from the digital Coke machine.

About ten minutes later, I hear my name and retrieve my food. There's a toppings bar with condiments to apply to your sammich. After one bite of this big burger, it's clear that it deserves steak sauce, grilled onions and salt and pepper and not the usual condiments and toppings. The beef is tasty and delicious and I am doing it wrong with lettuce, tomato, onions, Cholula and mayo. Without the bun and with a knife and fork, it'd fit right in as a "chopt steak" at most steakhouses. 

The fries were not remarkable, but they were adequate sidekicks for the hamburger. 

The part of town that the restaurant inhabits is a little bit run down. The parking available is suspect at best- the small strip mall on the corner has narrow spaces and on-street parking is limited. The clientele is a mix of tourists, neighborhood denizens and locals trying to grab a bite to eat.

Try it on a Saturday after 1pm for ease of enjoyment.
A retirement burger!?  Including the restaurant and a company car...for only $1,000,069!?  I'm still getting a laugh from that sign!  This place has character!  I went on a spur-of-the-moment lunch trip to the Original Hamburger Works.  Working for a place with offices in Downtown Phoenix and in Glendale, the location was actually quite convenient with plenty of parking available.  While there was a long line when we walked in, it went VERY fast and I had to even make some quick decisions when I made it to the counter.  The price is right whether you want a combo meal, a one-pound burger for under $10, or more "normal" sized burgers or chicken sandwiches.  

The food itself was very good!  I had a Big One (1/3 lb) and fries combo meal.  My four friends had either burgers or chicken sandwiches with a variety of sides (salad, fried pickles, fried mushrooms, or fries).  Everyone seemed quite happy with their choices.  And I learned quickly that they had all been to the Original Hamburger Works on several prior occasions.  Now, having tried it myself, I plan on coming back, too.  Thanks, Original Hamburger Works, for a great first experience!
I was debating 2 or 3 stars for a while and settled on 2.  As Yelp puts it "2 stars, "Meh. I've experienced better".

I tried this place because of restaurant.com and I must say that the voucher was a great deal, that being said, if I hadn't had such a deal then I would have been even less impressed.  

There are a few "old-fashioned Hamburger" type places in the valley and this one really isn't any different.  The menu feels a little high priced for what you're actually getting, lots of grease.  

Without being too harsh as it really isn't that bad.  I wouldn't not recommend this place as there was nothing that would keep me from going back.  I've had the hamburger, fries, and fried zucchini on two occasions now and they were all simply average.
Stopped in with the fiance and parents for dinner last night.... 

Wow, in the worst possible way, just wow!

The food was the same as always... but I would recommend not getting the Small One, burger isn't big enough to get enjoy the flavor. 

The service, if that is what you can call it was horrid! My mouth was agape most of the evening in disbelief. "Did she just do that?" Was pretty much my thinking. First my mothers wine glass was disgustingly dirty, never should have been brought to the table. They when she asked for a new one and pointed out how dirty it was the bartender looked at it like "Umm looks fine to me.." and just wanted away. We watched her put the glass back on the rack with the other "clean" glasses and grab another one. She didn't inspect it to make sure it was clean before handing it off, this one was just as dirty and had lipstick all over it. Me being a bartender asked for a rocks glass, figuring they would be cleaner and less lipstick, she handed me a shot glass. WHATEVER I took it and gave it to my mom. Once she finally came back to the table we pointed out the hideousness of the second wine glass and in the same fashion, probably more irritated, inspected it said "Okay?!" walked back behind that bar and put it back on the shelf. Are you kidding me?!?! Were we being punked? Ridiculous! 

Like I said, the food was good, but the service was out outrageous! I hope they read this and get their shit under control. The behavior is unacceptable for a McDonald's. 

I am sure we will go back someday, but if she is there, I will leave, if not I will stay but make sure to only order beer in a bottle, no glassware!
my 2nd time here.  Got great service, and great food same as first time.  My colleague was along.  I ordered a cheeseburger, no side, she had fish & chips.  All excellent.  Self-serve condiment bar to get whatever you like.  Busy place, and now you know why.  we would return.
Love this place but they are kind of Nazi's about their salad bar.
Loved it!  Divey (in the best sense of the word) with good and large fried burgers that taste just the way they should.  Big juicy chicken sandwich too.   Fantastic chili fries that are probably going to have me drop over dead sooner, but good eats.  Tap beer in the side bar. VERY friendly people.  

Hadn't heard of this place before a good friend showed us the way tonight, but this is the place to head when you want to keep it simple and enjoy just a danged good burger and a  beer.
Great flame broiled burgers.  Used to be my favorite place, but it is still up there (#2 now).  Has the college hangout feel to it.  Worth a visit if you are in the neighborhood.
After 18 holes of golf under the blazing Phoenix sun in my old neighborhood, we decided to go somewhere for a burger and a brew. This place really hit the spot.

I had the 1/3 lb bacon cheeseburger (jalapeno cheese) and hubby had the ham steak & fries combo. Everything was delicious. The condiment bar was beyond fresh. The best part? The pickles were nice and cold (which is a big plus in my book...I'm picky about my pickles). 

So you order on the food side, give them your name and then go sit on the (dive) bar side and get your brews and cocktails. This was definitely the best burger I've had in a long time...maybe ever. Be patient, it's definitely worth the wait for a made to order sammich. Nom!!
The hamburger was amazing! I was a bit concerned about the condiments not being refrigerated on a wagon car but the food still blew me away. I ordered a classic. My daughter had a hot dog and it came on a hamburger bun which was interesting. My husband had the bacon one and it looked amazing. I will totally be back.
This certainly would rank up there within the top five great burgers that I've ever had.  Almost no grease from the meat, the condiment bar with a nice selection of toppings and the french fries cooked just right. All and all it was a great experience.
Place is pretty good, went there because my brother wanted to go eat there. When we walked up I remembered that I had been there years ago. Had the Hawain burger, fries, zucchini, fried mushrooms. The mushrooms had a little too much breading, but everything else was good. Very busy on a Fri night, but the wait wasn't long
The BORDER burger is delish! Onion rings are fantastic. The cookies, though they look bad, are very good! The service is good too.
Border Burger is great. Onion rings are awesome ( they are like the ones from Luke's of Chicago.) the cookies are very good. The staff is friendly.
The aroma of flame broiled meat envelopes you upon entering. It's a glorious smell to a practicing carnivore, one prompting you to salivate like a St. Bernard on a hot summer's day. 
There's a window where you order, and after a short wait, they'll call you to pick up your order by name. I like this concept since I typically opt for a name out of the ordinary...today I was Thorgon.

The 'fixin's bar is an old covered wagon and has a fun feel to it. Condiments are plenty with the layout similar to Fuddrucker's.
Lot of tv's abound if sporting events are your thing, since all appeared to be tuned to some type of sporting event. 

The burger was spectacular, inexpensive and very filling, but the aroma, that smell wafting through your neighborhood that has you wondering which of your neighbors is barbecuing Sunday afternoon, is the smell that'll keep you coming back here for more. 
In a word, it's glorious.
So much for my previous review....expounding on the virtues of flame-broiled meat and that glorious smell it produces.
The place burned down last night.
Sometimes you get the uncomfortable feeling in not being welcome there in some parts of the staff is a little bit rude, i I guess you could make the best of it if it was the only place to go, but its not.
Been several times. 
Always good.
One time I went for lunch and the grill was broken. We had to wait for them to repair it and that took about 30 minutes before the burgers started coming out.
It was still worth the wait.
Total sports bar, borderline dive bar and it has been around foEVA.  I get that many patrons feel that it is an institution but really it's just a burger joint that caters to a bunch of alcoholics and has crappy service from pretty much everyone who works the bar.

Rude, lazy, pron to ignore you on a regular basis. Or don't want to wait on you because they are going off shift in like 20minutes!   Are you effing kidding me with this?  Take my firkin order and treat me like the paying customer that I am....Christ!

I go here from time to time because I work at the local college and my friends and colleagues like to go after work because it's close and I don't want to be difficult so I go along.

I for whatever reason am no longer a beer drinker, but I try and keep it low maintenance because I know these types of bartenders don't like to make cocktails and I really don't want any enemies.  So I order a vodka and club soda with extra lime because  I figure it's easy and I don't care for tonic.  Yeah well apparently this can't be done well because the club soda is ALWAYS flat and the drink tastes like crappy vodka and tap water.  

So I asked how the club soda was on this particular visit and they said much better since the fire...I was hopeful, didn't quite get why the fire might have fixed the problem but hopeful nonetheless.  But no, it was the same shitty flat water and I hated to have to send it back because I knew this dude was gong to give attitude because that's how he do.  Hell he was doin that when he told me the fire helped the water...dick really and so unnecessary.

Yup attitude, took the drink back and I settled for a glass of wine equally difficult to drink but I just shut up about it and smile.  Then we were ignored until I actually had to ask him a third time to take our food order.

I wouldn't call myself a regular but they recognize me in there and I know them by name.  My colleagues know the staff far better than I but either way, why be shitty to customers who are trying to be cool and not too difficult?   And honestly who would like to sip a beverage that reminds her that she too could be homeless and filtering rubbing alcohol through a sock?  

WHY Hamburger Works staff is it OK with you to be rude and lame to your customers?  Oh I know, you don't like people who expect you to do your job, like wipe off the food debris left on the table and booths.  Maybe wait on customers with a friendly attitude and not argue about the fact that I must be drinking a different kind of club soda.  Really?  How about considering that perhaps the club soda you are pouring is tap water or at the very least admit that it's horribly flat.

Stupid stuff to even give my time to really but unfortunately I have had enough of these experiences over the years and decided today was the last cocktail straw.

It's a shitty bar that stinks, with a lousy and entitled wait staff, none of whom really know how to make a decent drink and if they do know they don't want you to know!

I vowed tonight in the presences of my friends that I will never be going back here again.  I don't care if we only have a moment to grab a bite and a drink.  Sooo not worth the attitude and the funky smells that embed themselves in my clothing and hair.

Oy vey I need to go take a bath right now!
What a delightful little gem. We went here to grab evening burgers during a weeknight. 

This is a first for me. I was so preoccupied enjoying myself I have *zero* pictures of my food. 

Yep. That happened.

The decor is retro and super cute. Lots of old school signs which I snagged a few photos of. (Just not the food!) The outdoor patio seems pretty nice but my review is only of the indoor bar area. We wanted to watch some of the sporting events going on.

I tried something on the adventurous side called a "Hawaiian Burger". This is a slice of pineapple with teriyaki and provolone cheese. Such an interesting mix of flavors! I'm definitely a fan! 

And then (oh boy!) I wedged in slices of jalapeños, tomatoes, lettuce (ok, that's not cutting edge) and a smattering of mayo. This totally worked for me. I love jalapeños. (I can't possibly imagine having a 1/2 lb burger. 1/3lb burger seemed more than enough!)

I was tickled pink that there's a little condiment wagon you can help yourself to. Even tho it was evening everything on the wagon was super fresh. (No wilted lettuce for me!) Also, it's worth noting the fries are crunchy and not at all on the soggy side. (I snagged one from my fella. Delish!) 

Evening crowd seemed to consist of local area folks. I'm told clientele during the day is more of office and hospital employees. This place is super kid friendly. The kids really seemed to get a kick out of the soda machine. (Where you press a button and different soda streams out.)

We were checked on a number of times by employees, even though we were not sitting anywhere near the bar. Gotta love great customer service!
Just missed them. They are closed   , I wanted to try the shakes I'll go elsewhere.
I Stopped by a second time still was not that inpressed but that's just my taste buds maybe you may enjoy it.
Just missed them. They are closed   , I wanted to try the shakes I'll go elsewhere.
Not much change still the same.
Nice little spot to grab a burger or spicy chicken sandwich.  Get there early for lunch though because the lines can get long.
My husband's Burger was tasteless!  My Grilled Fish Fillet Sandwich was cold & also tasteless!  Salad Bar (if you want to call it that) was seriously lacking in variety.  Bathroom stunk & was filthy!  Personally, I don't think this place even deserves one star!  Seriously, don't waste your money!
Went here again for the second time this past Sunday. I got a third pound bacon burger with American cheese on an onion bun. The burger was delicious just as I had remembered. Topped it with a little ketchup, onion, pickle and mayo and washed it down with a red cream soda. Also split some fried mushrooms and zucchini with a buddy of mine. It's not the fanciest place there is but it's just my style. Was able to watch a little football and have a great burger. Will be going again.
I went to Hamburger works for probably the 3rd time.  Decent hamburgers, HORRIBLE service.  We got there and sat in the bar.  We were there probably around 11 am on a Saturday.  There were only 3 other people in the bar area.  The bartender came out and took our order.  2 out of the 3 other people came after us.  We waited a good 30-45 minutes when we noticed the 2 other people got their food before us. The issue with this is that the waitress/bartender wasn't busy and knows her customers (or should know).  We called her over (after 30-45 min) and asked where our food was.  She left to find out and came back and said she never put the order through.  She said she'd get that taken care of.  My husband and I asked to pay for our cokes and that we were leaving.  She gave us the drinks for free (she better!!!) and we left.  We went to another hamburger joint and had great food and service.  Never going back.  The food is great but the service isn't worth it.
2nd time at this carnivore lovers spot. Co-worker says that this is one of his favorite burger places downtown, so we headed there for lunch. Quaint historical decor. Since I was told burgers were what they were know for, that's what I got. I did the burger lunch special with fries. White, Wheat or Onion was the 1st question asked, followed by the type of cheese. My "no bun" request seemed like something that they didn't get a lot of? We got there around 11:30, and they seemed to very quickly get busy. Waited a bit for our food, but what came out was hot and fresh. I loved the fixings bar. Lots of fresh items for you to dress your order. I would have liked to see leaf lettuce instead of shred, but just meant I asked for a fork and knife to eat my burger. I prefer my burger naked in lettuce rather than with a bun. One co-worker ordered their veggie burger, and she said that it was also tasty. I'm not a huge burger fan, but when I want one there is just something about a grilled one that is so much better. =) Come hungry!
A nice little hole in the wall restaurant. Has burgers as small as 1/3 lb to a full 1 lb. you have a choice of 3 different buns onion, white, and wheat. The burgers are good and have a bunch of different sides to chose from. 

After you get your burger you have a salad bar of toppings to chose from.
Real hole in the wall restaurant. Great burgers and fries. Burger and salad bar to choose your own toppings, which all seemed fresh.

Bad part of town. Service is abrupt.
We went to Original Hamburger Works for the second time last weekend. Overall, the food is in impressive, and the service is even worse. 

Upon arriving we walked through the dining room and sat in the bar at a table. After waiting several minutes without the server/bartender acknowledging us, we went up to the bar and placed an order. We ordered chicken strips, baked potato, and 1/3 lb burger with fries. We also ordered two Bud Lights, after discovering beer options are limited and what appears to be a full bar is not so full after all. 

The chicken strips were more fried batter than chicken, though what chicken was there was not dried out. The baked potato was find. The burger was basic but had little flavor and was a very poor quality meat, as there were small hard balls of fat in many bites. The condiment bar may seem fun, but it includes only the very basics- tomato, lettuce, onion, ketchup, mustard, mayo, pickles, and a few hotter toppings. Good, but not special. 

The server never came back to take another drink order. Though it was over an hour from closing time, she spent her time cleaning and stacking unused bar stools. 

Overall not a good experience. Fast food would taste better and cost less. The only reason to go is a nearby bar with sports on TVs.
Awesome burgers and the fixings bar was fresh, the bacon was cut to cover the entire pattie and the fries were fresh, must go again.
Unlike all the burger chains that been popping up around Phoenix, these are Real flame-broiled burgers, not the smoosh it on a griddle until all the flavor has burnt away meat pattie. Not to mention they deliver it at a reasonable price!

My co-workers and I have this one on or regular lunch rotation list!
I used to come here every other week for the past few years ... After tonight... Never again...
Being convenient to Encanto this was a after golf lunch stop for me and my buddies. Yesterday I ordered unlimited salad bar for close to $6 which is more than most burger entries.  What a limited, sad assortment of limp offerings with everything having traces of it's neighbor as if there was a food fight.  With the dim lighting and greasy plastic sneeze guard it gave the veggies Gaussian blur I imagine you get just before you croak. If the bar in Star Wars had a salad bar this would be it complete with interesting and diverse looking patrons.  After lunch over our empty paper plates, plastic utensils and round aluminum pizza tins we made a vow to never return.  Black tee shirts for the staff, dim lighting and grease everywhere brought on thoughts of a prison mess hall during a black out. With all the choices in Phoenix we will have our lunch in a cheerful environment with personable servers and fresh food
Just laid back. A good beginning to a night out.
Great fish and chips! DELICIOUS fried mushrooms. The the burgers are just OK. 
Their condiment bar always seems fresh too. I docked 1 star because the bathroom has a funny smell. Can't quite pin point it but ya...not very pleasant. Other than than, pretty darn good place to eat.
It's sort of an undesirable location, but the restaurant itself is a neat concept.  Made to order, hole-in-the-wall vibe, no need for a server, and all the toppings you need atop a wagon in the middle of the place. The prices are decent and the hamburger...works (like that play on words?) I enjoyed it and would recommend eating here over chains such as Red Robin and Chili's (on most nights).
The burgers are good. Better than most, but the area where they keep the condiments and vegetables for your burgers leave a lot to be desired.  Vegetables aren't very fresh and the handles used on the tongs are often found in the condiments and veggies :( It's a good place to stop at if you're passing by but there are definitely better burger places in the valley if u want a great burger. Solid burgers not so fresh everything else.
A great local spot for burgers, fries, onion rings and other sandwiches. You can also pile on your own toppings yourself and they have a salad bar (if you're into that). My favorite is the teriyaki chicken sandwich that comes with a slice of pineapple for about $6. I get it on wheat with no cheese and load it up with onions and jalapeños myself (no extra charge). A good local healthy option. 

The gigantic burgers with multiple patties and cheese are also amazing in moderation. Everything is made to order. Staff are friendly. Cool place with good value.
This is a cool neighborhood burger shop that has a topping bar and lots of cool decor items.  I like the metal tables, and the service is really attentive.  I would eat a burger here over any chain store.  Simple burgers at a good price with lots of choices and great atmosphere.  Give this place a try!
The atmosphere here is really nice. I came on a Sunday afternoon and it was great. That staff was amazing. Friendly, honest, and helpful, they made selecting  my burger easy. The condiment bar was awesome as well. It's convenient to make your food the way you want. My favorite things about the place are the flame grilled burgers (yumm), the honey mustard, and the fries were equally delicious.  My one little critique that keeps this from being perfect, is I like my burger cooked to a certain wellness, so I would have liked the choice. But that burger was still good though!
Last night was my first time at Original Hamburger Works and was most likely the last.  The employees with the exception of the bar staff seemed clueless.  When ordering and asking the order-taker basic questions about the menu, she would only quickly answer "I don't know" with a blank stare on her face.  When picking up my order at the counter, the young man just looked at me when I said thank you.  Not a good way to win over customers.  You must go over into the bar area to purchase alcoholic drinks and for some odd reason, they don't take debit cards after 7 pm.  Strange.

The food was just okay.  Being able to add all the condiments you want yourself is a plus.  I got the Big One while my wife got the Border Burger.  The burgers were well cooked and had a good taste, but weren't outstanding.  We also ordered the half onion rings and fries basket, which was just basic fare.  

The deal-breaker came when I went to the men's room after dining.  Upon entering the hall leading to the restrooms, I noticed a foul, sewer-like smell.  After entering the restroom, I was quickly overtaken with the stench.  I've been in port-a-potties that had more pleasant smells than this.  

While the concept of this restaurant has merit, it's poorly executed, unfortunately.  It has potential, but obviously lacks good management.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant at this time.
This place is right by my house. I pass it all the time. Why didn't I stop in sooner? Who knows. This place is very cute inside, kind of retro...kind of reminds me of an old school Fuddruckers from when I was a kid. Also, this place has a bar! With specials! I clearly didn't realize this. Anyway, I went here last Friday and got a burger with cheddar, guac, grilled onions, and bacon... It really tasted like a backyard BBQ burger, which I liked. Nothing fancy here. The husband had a burger as well and enjoyed it. The bill was under 20$ I will definitely be back.
I can only really comment on the bar. First of all I went in there around Happy Hour times and there wasn't really any good drink specials. The bartender boasted 4 dollar Mexican beers in a bottle. Not too bad, but most of the draft selection was domestic so I settled on a Pacifico. The bartender was nice initially friendly, but didn't come by to check on me at all. 

I don't want to be rude, but the bartender wasn't the most refined individual. After waiting for my check for my single beer, she got in a fight with the woman next to me (who she had completely over served) over the fact that she was taking lemons out of the cocktail tray while she wasn't looking. Which resulted in a shouting match between her and the intoxicated patron. 

Prior to getting my check the bartender asked if I knew the guy who was posted at the bar next to me. I did not, so I just shrugged. She asked if I was buying his drink since he had apparently walked out on it. After explaining that he had just taken a seat next to me, she handed me my check and I paid and left as soon as I could. 
The service was about as bad as it smelled on the bar side unfortunately.
The smell as you walk in is amazing! Loved the burger and wings. Great atmosphere
Hamburger Works has become our after work spot after a long and busy Sunday at our restaurant.  Staff is friendly, the beer is cold and the food is good.  Reminds me of a burger shop from the 70's.   Salad bar/wagon is a hit with my friends, as well.   Great job!
I don't want to call this a dive bar, because truly I've seen worse. It's oddly reminiscent of the bar/restaurants found in small town in Wisconsin (just a side note, my mother in law lives in a town with 800 residents and it has 4 bars. It's crazy, but anyways...back to the review). 

What I love about this place is that it's so oddly Cheers, perfectly campy, but amazingly reasonable. It's not the kind of place to go get a micro brew but if you like 22 ounce Miller Lite, this is your stop. Go enough and the waitress will know your name and your favorite order. It's the kind of place you go to after work to have a few beers and eat wings. 

The reason we go are for the specials. 20 wings for like $3, and you know what...they are good. Pitchers of beer for $2.50. And quite honestly, they have some good tacos. I know that sounds odd to have tacos at a bar, but they're tasty. Sit watch a game, mingle and get happy. Sounds perfect.
I went here for lunch today because it is close to work, was not crowded and cheap. I was surprised to see that after the smoking ban was started this place is now clean, smells good and inviting. 

The bartender, waitress, server, and friend to all the patrons seems to know every ones names and what they want as they walk in. They have all the normal bar drinks and appear to have a great following. 

I had a 1/3 lb burger, it is a premade thing but tasted good. It is a little thin for my taste. It comes with frys, claw, potato salad etc. I had the frys which are crinkle cut and good. The meal was 6 bucks and some change. 

I will be back but think I will try the wings and a Captain N Coke.
Good food, reasonable prices on booze, friendly wait staff. Good place to go for a beer after work or to hang out with you buddies if you like the dive bar scene.
This is not a fancy place, but it's one of my favorite bars for a few reasons! 

Karaoke- the fun kind, NOT professionals looking to be discovered. 

Hot wings- DELICIOUS! 

Drink specials- there's always something & regular drinks reasonably priced. 

It's out of the way, but that's exactly were I want to be when I sing loudly & off key, enjoy cheek staining yummy hot wings, get a little tipsy & do it all while wearing jeans & a tee shirt!

The people who work there are always nice, good friendly atmosphere.
We love this place! Food is good, bartenders are very friendly. Best happy hour prices in town!
Dive bar with a neighborhood feeling.
My girlfriend told me we were meeting her mom here for breakfast...

I thought, "Ok cool.. bar and grill for breakfast."  I guess years ago this place used to serve some good breakfast, but in recent years because of the economy, they stopped and only have a few things.

I guess I thought since this was a small place with only two cars in the parking lot, that we would be in a so-so experience.  Of course this was at 10:30AM...  But we sat down in the bar area in a high table.   A nice girl came to help us and get us a menu.   We learned that breakfast really didnt exist, so I ordered some wings and was surprised that they were actually pretty good.  Not amazing, but not bad either.  I ate about 8 of 12 of them. 

My girlfriend and her mom ordered a couple drinks; I had some Coke and that was about it..

Would I come back?  Sure, but not for breakfast...  Id probably check it out in the evening time.
It's a dive.  But as far as dives go, it's awesome!  We've been going there for years, not regulars though, we're homebodies.  Services has always been friendly/  And, karoke on Sat's is great!  If you aren't a snob, try it out :)
Oh man, this place is solid. As far as dive bars go, I'd say it's slightly above most...it's definitely still a dive bar, but not nearly as dive-y as many I have been to. For one, natural light can be seen from inside. That right there SHOULD delete from the category of dive bar...but I'll let it pass ;)

The service was very friendly...probably more friendly than most dive bars. The clientele was great - quite friendly, and clearly just there to enjoy some after-work drinks, rather than many dive bars where the patrons drink as their job. Drinks are poured well, and prices are fair. Parking can get tight at times, but not too bad.
Words like dark, dank, dingy and dive come to mind... However sometimes your in the mood for a dive.
Lunch: Southwest chicken philly...with Fries. This is a great sandwich! 

Place: Small dive bar with mostly locals (nice ones)

Location: Just North of Deer Valley Rd on the West side. 

Bar: Usual standard drinks, nothing bad about that. 

Service: No complaints

Sports:  Few TV, Darts, Pool etc

Look at the daily specials, there seems to be some good one!
They water down their shots...big time . I'm not talking one the rocks. They actually put water in the bottles! How cheap can you be to take my hard earned money and not give me what I paid for after a long day at work?? New management sucks period. They had a long time to make improvements but they didn't even try. Don't even come here for the burger anymore which was the only reason I came back when the new owners took over
Gotta have some love for the dive bars!  This really fits the mould.  Great burgers and all the beer you want as long as its a domestic :)
Flightline is closed. Hopefully Brigett reopens it with an outdoor patio, air conditioning that is turned on and tables without duct tape.
I really like this place. It is absolutely over-the-top with cheezy signage encouraging day drinkers and tequila, to a point that you know they don't take themselves too seriously. Beer is cheap and drinks aren't too bad. 

If it's cold outside (about 6 weeks per year for you out-of-towners) this isn't a good spot. It is very airy and open, which is why I like it in the sweltering summer. Most of its competitors pack you in to dark, cramped spaces and no amount of AC seems to cool things down. As with anywhere around Scottsdale, you'll still run into big crowds and belligerent frat boys, but I suppose it just seems more in place here. It's like our own little slice of Rocky Point, just without the bacon wrapped hot dogs.
This place is good for happy hour or day drinking during the week.  I can't say that I would go on the weekend because it just isn't my crowd. It tends to cater to the young and hip crowd who think that a drink called "The Donkey Punch" is hilarious in its irony.

The food is ok, the drink specials are pretty good and the fact that it is mostly outdoors is awesome 8 months out of the year.  It is a fun place to go for a work happy hour.
If I have to give it a star it is only because of their busty waitresses. 

This is a miserable place, serving miserable food, with miserably loud music blaring at all hours of the day.

If you can imagine, it's a restaurant in Scottsdale trying to reproduce the worst aspects of places like Cancun. Got it?
I'm not a bar person, and I'm not a Scottsdale person - but I freaking love this place.  

This has been a designated hang out spot many times.  Many times.  And it always hits the spot.  Just enough Cool, a heaping helping of laid back, a splash of irony and garnished with some decent tasting and decently priced Mexican food.  Yea, the food is garnish.  I mean really, would you come here to eat?  That said, I can speak highly for the tacos and the nachos because those are often our things to get.  

I love the Mexican beach theme because since becoming a designated adult I get down there much less that I'd like to go - so I have to take what I can get.  

Folks are normally pretty cool there too.  Every once in awhile you get some folks who walked in a bit too sauced already or feel like they should be a higher level of customer or something - but it doesn't happen too often.  That and the fact that it still gets pretty freaking hot there during the summer - even with misters - keeps it from 5 star glory.  But on a great weather kind of day - there's nothing better.
You will get kicked out if you and 20 of your friends end up in a dogpile. Even if its outside :) Kinda hot outside in the summer, but is a favorite in the spring and fall. Good young, single crowd most of the time. If you like this you might like the Sandbar too..
Dos is my favorite Scottsdale bar because of the relaxed atmosphere. Thankfully you don't get as much of the fake crowd here, you know the one whose crazy photos end up on DirtyScottsdale.com the next day. There's two floors and the bar offers a nice selection of brews. SoCo Lime is the big shot here and you'll usually see people sipping Corona's with lime. You may even see the occasional body shot. While this is certainly a great destination for a night out, it's also a great place to do some day drinking when the weather isn't so hot.
Everybody likes Dos.  I've found its the first place anyone from out of town is taken because its the prefect entry level Scottsdale bar.  While you'll find some really good looking people really dressed up, for the most part, this is one of Old Town's more laid back nighttime hangouts.  Imported friends arent scared off by pretentious club-goers, instead they are welcomed with obnoxious open arms and peanut shells on the floor.  

Drinks are cheap (Coronas are always just $2, mixed drinks are $6 and up) and the food is tolerable when you're a bit buzzed up.  Bar Mexican food is always a nice finale to 12 or so margaritas, thats what I always say.

Dos is known as a "great place to day drink" and it is that too.  Grab a stool on the patio and youre sure to make friends with someone, the gringos here are all pretty friendly.  

The "dance floor" (search your way through the crowd to the upstairs back balcony to find it...its small) is always packed at night, and the music aims to please.  

Day or night, local or foreign, everyone seems to have a good time at Dos Gringos.
Definitely one of my favorite dive bars in Scottsdale.  Cheap drinks, good eats and a nice relaxed atmosphere.  Nicely located for a watering hole while walking around old town...
Ok
The food here, its freakin' good.  Really good.

Like, no joke.  

And from seeing this place, you wouldn't think it.  But their food, really is impressive.  And cheap.

Try their mini chimichangas... or their supergooeycheeseychimi (which is basically a beef chimichanga topped with tons of cheese and cream cheese and more cheese)

Their drinks are good and average  Good place for happy hour, or drinking during the day.
A good bar for friends to hang out but stay away on the weekend nights as its full of pathetic losers and college kids, way too many old men acting far too young for their age and old women (cougars) trying to seduce younger guys with their husbands/ex-husbands money.
I wish this place wasn't in Scottsdale (i.e. I wish this place wasn't full of cougars and 19 year old girls dressed in couture at a sticky cancuny bar in AZ). 

So yes, this place definitely wants to be a low-key version of Senor Frogs here in the Valley. And ya know what, I'm ok with that. I'm all about a good margarita and authentic mex food...but let's face it, not everyone is good and not everyone is authentic. But if you have an outdoor bar and a tiki feel...at least you can make a lot of people happy.

So I was here on this bar crawl thing which made me a little bit ashamed...I just was too sober to disregard the fact that my group was full of those people in that bar. But despite the crowd and the LAME dj...the ambience and set-up here is superb. Now if we could just get something akin to that in Central Phoenix...with a day drink, laid-back scene that doesn't scream I wish I was still 23 and ooo by the way did you see my new Prada?
In light of the recent news and video of a Dos Gringos bouncer punching a patron in the face, I thought I should ring in on this establishment....

This bar treats its customers like they are college kids. I suppose they are somewhat justified in this since it is typically a younger crowd. I've had mixed experiences coming here... in the past, I've had acceptable and decent service here, but the last several times I've been there the service has gotten progressively worse. On the last occasion, they took forever to take my drink order and then poured me the wrong drink... then when I went to politely return the full glass of whatever and get what I ordered, they refused to re-make it. I left it on the bar and they threw it away (keeping my money of course) and gave me a dirty look. I also had aggressive bar backs shove me out of the way. 

That experience alone was enough for me to never go back, but it wasn't an isolated incident. It wasn't always that way though... The staff in general here all seem to be complete assholes, but I can almost recall a time when they were decent to me - back in the 1990s. It's a pity because this bar is in a great building and has a fun layout. It's breezy and open and conducive to having a good time drinking after work with your buddies. My old roommate used to hit this place often with his corporate pals and he loved the atmosphere. They do make their drinks pretty strong, so maybe he was too trashed to care about the bad service. 

In their defense, their patrons are often rowdy, young, and unruly - so that's probably why it has evolved into this. I've found the Tempe location to be more laid back though, so it's still pretty excessive if you ask me. I have to give this place an extra star because it's still a good place for young folks to go grab a beer and chill. I think this punch in the face incident may get them to reevaluate their staff and maybe give them all sensitivity training or something. It can only get better from here.
If sitting in the sun enjoying a couple of beers and good relaxing fun with your friends is your thing, then look no further.  Maybe it's me getting older, but I enjoy this place much better during the day than at night.  The daytime crowd is my kind of people:  drinking, talking, and enjoying the day.  Plus if you've got a dog, feel free to bring them in.  They allow them out on the patio.

Beer is beer, and they've got plenty of it.  My friend swears by the margaritas here, saying they are cheaper than other places but stronger than most.  The food here is quite good.  You'd think for how cheap the tacos are you'd get nothing, but they are very tasty and come with a good amount of meat on them.  I get them gringo style and they can't be beat.  Other food favorites:  rocky point nachos, the baja shrimp sandwich, and for those hangover days, the aptly named hangover breakfast burrito.

Service is hit and miss here.  Weekend nights it's full of the college kids and those that think they are still in college, hence why I stay away once the sun goes down.  Although seeing all the bras lining the ceiling inside, the mind wanders as to how they all might have gotten there...
Typically a crowded mess of striped button downs and buckle shoes, but hey, everyone likes what they like, which is fortunate for me, because *I* especially like that Dos can corral most of the people I generally abhor into one perfect, double-decker horny beehive.  

I simply do not understand how this faction of people exist to be ridiculous, 30-something wankers, itching for piece of college ass where survival-of-the-fittest theory would generally chew these hopefuls up and spit them out into Yuma for being downright useless to the perpetuation of modern society.  Whatever.  You wanna see some mouthbreathers?  Wanna be baptized clumsily in Corona by a swallow of leather-sandaled, pleated Beta Kappa class of '94?  Here's your shot.  I can't get over how annoying most of these people are.  They must be a pleasure to know and buy drinks for and invite over for your Super Bowl party.

This place would be pretty awesome if not for the "half-your-age-plus-seven" 's.  

After all, it IS a good place to day drink.
Fun place to come drink and socialize in the evening. I am from out of town and had a blast here. Cheap aclohol and a lot of people. Another positive: they serve late night mexican food munchies.
All around pretty fun place to be. Its a good hybrid between a dance club and outside bar. I went their my first night in the valley. I remember looking and seeing more breast implants than I'd seen in my entire life up to that point.
Used to be a great place to get an after hours burrito.

After seeing the video of the chest-pounding, knuckle dragging bouncer pummeling some patron, we've x-ed Dos off our list.

We'd rather eat at the crappy Philly cheesesteak place or even pay Mickey's ridiculous--"wanna-be night club"--cover for late night eats . . .
I like it..... It reminds me of Sharkeez back in Cali.

I even like it better when it's a 10 dollar cover, then .50 cent drinks.

I like it the bestest though because of the great looking girls that seem to frolic here past 11pm.

I'm sure you'll like too.
This place is a good escape in the Scottsdale scene. It feels like Rocky Point spring break but super upgraded! There is no better place to sip a Corona then at Dos Gringos without a passport, at least.
$4 Corona on a Sunday night?  This did not even feel like the same bar as the 8th St location by ASU campus.  Nothing but d-bags and ladies playing dress-up.  One beer and out.
Overall this place was fun.  I was in on vacation and like most out of towners I assume, my friends brought me here.  It was a good choice because it's one of those atmosphere's where you're pretty much sure to have a good time.  I did notice the d-bags in their man blouses and all the fake/plastic chicks, but not enough to care.  When I move to Phoenix, I'm sure we'll be back, but I won't be frequenting this place every weekend.
I read the reviews with interest, and all of the focus is on people, crowds, etc. I want to weigh in on a different topic: Lunch. I went with a buddy for a lunch on a Friday, with meetings scheduled in the afternoon, thus Diet Cokes instead of beers or better. I ordered the Baja Shrimp Sandwich, $5.99 on lunch special, he ordered a grilled fish taco and beans and rice on the side. His was about $6.50 My sandwich came out in a reasonable time frame, contained huge amounts of shrimp, and tasted great. His had a bunch of chunks of grilled fish, and he was raving about the quality of the beans surpassing Tia Rosa's, one of our work favorites. There weren't that many people there, SportsCenter was on the TV, and the waitress was a nice peice of eye candy.

What's not to like?
Dos is what I like to call a "sure thing"

I say this because I know that I will always enjoy the food and always have a good time. I love the feel of Dos, the way everything is kind of everywhere and the outdoor atmosphere. While most people go for the cheap drinks and to be scene (intended spelling) I actually like Dos for the food and good service.  I love that they use black beans instead of the typical refried like most other mexican food joints. Don't get me wrong though, it's still a bar, and it's a fun place to start off a Friday night or grab lunch drinks.
Okay so update! I'm never giving any of my money to dos ever again after a less than desirable encounter with the bouncers. 


Gotta do the only thing I can, let my money do the talking. I will enjoy a corona in a more friendly atmosphere. Maybe loco patron?
Bouncers beating the crap out of helpless drunks - check

Bouncers taking away my friends ID that was not fake - check

Overzealous, arrogant, and brutal. I got no problem with it. I'm a type A personality so I'm all for knocking someone down a peg if they step out of line. My ID is real, I control myself when I drink, and I'm not a hellraiser, so I've NEVER had a problem at Dos. The food is tasty and pretty cheap, they have every beer you'd ever want, and an awesome rooftop bar. One of my favorite bars in the area still, but I wish it were closer to the city. I hate not being able to let loose here on a count of drinking and driving.
"A good old Bar"
Old Town is the location of the original Dos Gringos.  Known for a at home feeling Dos provides great bartenders and a friendly staff.  I go to Dos often especially to feel comfortable with a hooded sweatshirt in Scottsdale, its that kind of place.  The music is great is diverse from hip hop to rock and roll.  

Drinks:
Dos is known for Coronas, they promote awesome specials for Thursday, and when it rains Dos offers cheap drinks. 

Food,
I enjoy the prices of the late night menu, they cook until 2AM, nice.
My favorite is the hard shell tacos, a former employee suggested them, I think their great for a small snack at the bar.
Used to come here when I lived in AZ.  Always had a good time, and the service was great.  I've only ate the gringo rolls, and the tacos.  They're both great after a couple drinks.  I will definitely come back to this place if i'm ever back in the valley.
Went with a group of about 10 and had a great time.  Service was pretty good, restrooms were clean and well stocked (yes, this is always something I consider while reviewing), and the heaters were working perfectly.  

One funny thing was that my friend ordered a round of shots for the group and the chick taking his order says "What is that?  What's in it?" and he states "Just tell the Bartender, they'll know".  In a rude tone with a rude face she says, "I am the Bartender."  Go look it up then sweetie.

All in all, a fun night with friends at one of the cooler Scottsdale bars I've been to.
Love this place been her twice now from San Diego can bring my dog during the day. Food is great even though I am from the home of Carne Asada!! It is miserable during the summer but that is just cuase I am not used to the heat.  Service has always been wonderful. Loved the fried chimichanga.  Will be going here when I visit my brother again!!! Loved the Gringos!
I LOVE this bar!  This is a wonderful place to go with a mixed group of people that want to have fun and meet lots of crazy people.  I've met some crazy people here and I always have fun!  Drinks are well priced and never weak.  I've taken lots of out of town friends here and everyone has loved it!

This is a must stop in Scottsdale!
3 Stars for a dirt bar that knows it's a dirt bar.  There is no Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde here, only a cheap Hyde that loves to peak at the waitresses' whaletails and a decent Happy Hour special on Mexican beer.  That's all.  

I guess my one gripe would be that every guy is a tough guy at this place. Really.  I used to have it as my Happy Hour destination, and it was pretty good for that, but once the darkness sets in, the real Scottsdale lunatics emerge!  

(Oh, and it's obvious that the owners rake in a ton of money and are the greediest bastards under the sun for not changing simple things like the water misters that spew water constantly.  Ladies, don't wear anything nice to this place because the seats are stained from the misters and tough guy sweat.)
they lied.

the tacos were not half price, even though that is what it said on the wall AND on the menu. nope. we were charged full price and 6 little tacos, although tasty, are not worth $15. 

when i asked the bartender what the deal was, he said they got rid of that deal. i pointed to the wall, and he says, "yeah, i know." and that was it. 

plus, a fight broke out behind us and it wasn't even 8pm (we were there for happy hour). entertaining if they would have let it go on, but the guys were so drunk they could barely swing. (heavy on the sarcasm).

we used to go here a bunch a few years ago, but now it's just bad cougars and people that like to fight. awesome for some, but not for me.
Great atmosphere! This time of year is the best for outdoor eating. The staff is friendly,  and the food is great. try the gringo burro, it is manly and tasty. wash it down with a house margarita, and you are set. house dj rulez!
Dammit - I have been here a dozen times and it's been so "mixed"... The best of times, and the worst of times... though the last two times (for late night drinking with friends) have been pretty fun... Drinks are cheap and the crowd is "lively".

So, for now, I will suggest Dos Gringos to the college drunkard and/or professional drinker after 9pm. Bring some friends!
Dos Gringos is a bar about 8 years past its prime (as evident from the awards hanging on the wall that don't go past the year 2000).  It used to be my favorite bar to chill at on weekend nights and meet up with friends, but in the past few years the crowd has changed (for the worse), the cool & casual vibe went away, and the doormen became pushy and rude.
This is a good place to go on a Thursday, not so great on a Tuesday.  We were one of 2 groups on the patio.  Our waitress came by once and we didn't need anything, so that must have meant we didn't need anything for the next 45 minutes.  She came back to check on the other group and seemed to make a point not to make eye contact with us as she disappeared.  The next time she paid attention to us was when we chased her down to close our tabs.
I like the layout and atmosphere at this Dos Gringos. The had good prices on drinks and I thought their street tacos were really good. The crowd seems pretty chill and if it's too hot outside you can go inside like a wuss. I liked the Dos trailer park that used to be in Tempe as well but this one is better.
The bathroom was funny. The urinals were labeled with beer names. The wall said something about beer recycling. So I was under the impression that when you use the urinal, that is what you are allegedly drinking if you order draft beer. I think that is what was meant by the signs. One urinal said "Heineken" and one said "Corona". I thought that was an alright joke. So I guess don't buy drafts there. Because it is urine. There were three urinals lined up with no partition, one urinal was off to the side with a wooden wall. It had a sign that said "Shy Guy". That cracked me up. There was 25 cent beers of schwag Miller High Life, well worth it. Good time because of the dude I was with, otherwise, this place is lame as all hell.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):
7 Food
6 *Drinks*
3 Service
7 Atmosphere
7 Value

The other Doses I've been to have been fine (though still nothing special) and I assume this was just an off night for these guys, but I have to rate them according to my direct experience.  Maybe I'll get to give them another try so I can change it, but we'll see.
Dos Gringos is rarely a planned destination.  Usually, it's an accident.  Sometimes I have a lot of fun and sometimes I have a drink and leave.  

I went there again this past weekend and again it was an unplanned stop.  My friend wanted to go next door to BS West and after some guy spilled a drink down my entire back, I decided to go over to Dos where at least I wasn't wasting my outfit on men who would rather critique it than rip it off (note: that sentence sounds way sluttier than I am, so don't get all excited).  

It's almost my birthday, so the bartender made me some sort of shot in a plunger.  Classy all the way.  Also, there were a bunch of Slutty Santas to help give the place a festive feel. 

Now, I am going to give you ladies a tip about Dos Gringos.  Don't expect to meet any quality men here.  For example, I met this hot Croatian guy on my last visit.  We had a lot of fun until I discovered his friend was actually his girlfriend.  Don't you just love it when guys refer to their girlfriends as just friends, but then the girlfriend reveals that they're dating and you stand there looking like an idiot and try to find a polite way to exit.  Well, I sure do.  What's up with that?  Talk about uncomfortable.  

I am starting to become convinced that only guys who are looking to cheat on their girlfriends go to this bar... that or I only attract men with girlfriends.  Either way, please stop hitting on me taken and/or married men.  Thanks.
Dos has fallen far from It's old Tempe trailer park!!! I used to always hang at the Dos in Tempe on University dr just a step away from the ASU campus and Mill Ave. It was always I nice laided back place with a great Atmosphere. Now they want to be a big chain and there is no longer $2 corona's all day everyday like it used to be, Now Dos is some crappy bar/club. I was doing a search on youtube and came accross a video that was taken at this place, you can find it yourself by typing (dos gingos bouncer) In this video there was a drunk guy small harmless guy yelling obsivley not going to do anything and then this dushbag bouncer Punched this extreamly drunk guy knocked him out cold, then the bouncer jumps around beatting his chest  yelling woo woo, what a joke! The guy should not be called a bouncer because it's not there job to harm customers even if they are dumb drunk. The video is pretty funny though. But it just shows that Dos Gringos is not the laid back place it used to be.
A great place to have a few drinks during the week (they have awesome specials on drink and food).   The bartenders and staff are very friendly and extremely accomadating.  The place has a nice laid back ambiance.  Come as you are...sandals, tshirts, hoody..whatever.   They have a jukebox and serve grub till 2am.  This is my local favorite.  I would give it 5 stars, but sometimes there is a slight douche factor in the clientele is to be expected per the location smack dab in the center of old town.  Check this place out for a quick drink or just to hang out and relax in the sun.



Update: 3/2013

This place has gone downhill steadily over the past year or 2 since new management.  The majority of all the cool bartenders have quit or moved on..as a result alot of the regulars (like myself) dont come here nearly as much as they used to.  While it is still a cool place during the day for a cocktail, its no longer my first choice for a hangout at night.  Maybe its just that im sick of spring training?  The upper bar is my choice if i do happen to come by for a pre-show cocktail. Its usually a little easier to get a drink upstairs and the atmosphere is a tiny bit more relaxed.  Overall, its still a pretty decent place for a drink and some good folks still work here, but id much rather go to Pattys, coachhouse, pranksters, or grapevine.
I always have a great time at Dos.  Friendly little outdoor/indoor dive with generous and tasty adult beverages, Fun staff and yummy Mexican menu. The decor is a work in progress - straddling the fine line between ghetto and some guy's tree house.   It's dog friendly on the patio which only adds to the "What is this place" atmosphere.  OK, it's a little quirky. But I like quirky.   But when I need a bit of South of the Border and can't afford the time nor the $$, a trip to Dos can be a great afternoon away. After a couple of shots, the eyes glaze over, the sun is warm, the music is good , the tacos are tasty and I'm happy.  They say it's a good place to day drink.  I say if you can't relax here, you'd best check with your physician.  What more do you want?
Normally I would rate Dos a 3 or better but last night I had a really bad experience.  For starters as me and my friend walk in the door guy says "Are you sure you both are 21?"  UM yeah I am almost 30 and my buddy just turned 30.  So after showing our ID's we go in and grab some beers.  The selection is ok mostly mexican beers which are fine but you better be ready to go pee about 50 times while drinking them.  On one of my trips to the bathroom I get stopped by the same door guy who says "I was told you need to be escorted out. "  I am totally confused as I am not even buzzed and didn't do anything wrong.  So he says "Someone says you were swerving as you were walking".  WHAT??????  I am not driving for one and for two I am able to walk perfectly fine.  I walk a line for him and say see obviously not drunk.  He tells me "Ya you seem ok so go ahead and stay"  Like it's a privilege or something.  So I go and get my buddy and we headed next door to Whitehouse which was a great decision.
Casual and laid back  bar with a great patio area. Service is usually pretty good as is the food. Only complaint is their margaritas taste like turpintine. And they recently replaced my Malibu Rum with... yes, that fake Parrot Bay sh*t. They just lost a star!!
We come from Los Angeles to watch spring training and stay close by and always come here for the drink specials and the great atmosphere. The staff is very friendly and  accomidating with the customers. If you are in town for some baseball gamesand in the are a good stop to enjoy LA HORA  FELIZ  / HAPPY HOUR.
We came here after an Angels spring training game. The yellow banner hanging in right field at tempe stadium that read "Dos gringos: A good place for day drinking" was convincing enough. Good happy hour, good margarita, decent food, ok atmosphere, alright service.. Probably not a place I would visit again.
Happy hour on a Friday was very busy. Good margaritas, chips and salsa and steak tacos. Family friendly during the day for a quick bite. I would go back for lunch, dinner and to hang out.
"A Good Place To Day Drink" as their motto goes, and never look back.

A popular destination for locals and visitors for spring training games, you'll always find the place crowded. The place is mostly outdoors so not the best place in a rain storm. The giant game of Jenga, made with 2 by 4 pieces of wood is very entertaining with drunk people playing. The food is pretty good. The nachos always hit the spot especially after you've been drinking. It's not the classiest place in Scottsdale, but its a good place to go and have fun with your friends.

Dos Gringos is always part of the Scottsdale Block Party during New Years, so when that time of the year comes around, it is an affordable and fun choice.
Hard to tell which was colder: my beer or my burrito. The service was non-existent. And had to beg for chips and salsa. Skip this one.
Dos Gringos is what it is and what you make of it. It's a frequent stop on our Old Town Scottsdale Bar crawls because it has a huge outdoor patio and can easily accomodate all of us. 

I love taking pictures of all the crazy signs on the walls, ceilings, and doors. There's usually a DJ spinning tunes on weekends nights and people dance in the back by the bathrooms.

I recommend taking your out-of-town guests here so they, too can experience Old Town at it's finest. The crowd is usually in their early to mid- twenties, at least until me and my friends invade the place. Like I said- "It is what it is".

UPDATE: I just learned that Dos's patio is leashed dog friendly until dark.
I've always liked Dos Gringos and it was on our "pub crawl" a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday I just returned.  Funny fact:  You can bring a baby into most any bar in Scottsdale, but Dos Gringos will put up a stink (it was 3:30 on a Saturday afternoon - not even a night-time-party-time - and they said the baby wasn't allowed.  One of the girls we were with hunted down the manager and told him this was America and it was the baby's god given right to be in a bar (yeah, it was hard to keep a straight face).  Long story short, the baby was allowed in.  Once we were in, other kids were already in there too.  If you're going to let any kids in, I would think babies would be your safest bet.  All they care about is breast milk and naps.  They're not going to be sneaking drinks.  

Anyway, I love Dos Gringos' Mexican Moonshine, I love that you can sit outside and relax and I've never actually had anything bad here, so four stars it is.
Went here for a few drinks and dinner with coworkers... on a Monday. It was empty, and the service was pre-occupied with some game, but I didn't mind since I took my sweet ass time ordering. 

Beers were hella cheap, and the food was palatable. I'd go back if I were looking for a place to drink first, eat second.
On a early Saturday evening, the band was playing the crowd was just starting to meander in.  Going further inside in an attempt to avoid the high volume of the band whose audio was piped in throughout the restaurant (I failed) I realized shortly that I must of been missed siting in the middle of the dinning are as the wait staff moved smartly from the kitchen to the front delivering the drinks and food to the patrons. I ask a member of the staff was I sitting in the wrong area and soon service was rendered.  

Food, nothing special but it is more of a bar than a restaurant.  Although the atmosphere was unique, I do have a question why cameras were in the mens room.
This is basically a happy hour bar, and quite a good one. Cheerful; service & reasonable prices, with an open air atmosphere. Mexican style food - we had nachos & a fish taco & both were just fine. Pacifico bottles were $2 each. Not bad.
I usually come here whenever I visit Arizona and I love it every time.  There is always a lot of people and good times.  I like how it is open air and Mexico themed, brings me back:) 
The bartenders are always nice and on top of shit.  There is no cover either, which is always a plus.  Also, their carne asada tacos are BOMB!
Wow I don't know what to think of this place. I was a bit under the influence of previous jack daniels, when I found myself here. It reminded me of some place that belonged in Lake Havasu. Were there a lot of different rooms and bars? It was a very festive environment.
First of all, I have to give Dos at least three stars just because it's Dos. I mean did going to Dos make me feel old, yes, were there some interesting people there and not in a good way, yes, did I spend more money than I wanted to, yes, but all in all you always have a great time. Nothin' but laughs. The giant jenga didn't suck either. 

Dos Gringos is a staple among the youngins, as I like to call 'em. In college, one will totally fit in, however, now'a days it's a place meant solely for people watching. And boy do you get an eye full. 

Drink's are cheap, tacos are good, and the bathrooms aren't as scary as you would think. Go! Have fun, get drunk.... but don't expect anything classy.
Do you miss college?!?!! DO YOU REMEMBER COLLEGE? Well then.. go here.. because... it's like college but worse. Because suddenly you're older and you're looking at a bunch of kids and a bunch of old people.. and it's awkward and creepy and the guy selling cigarettes ignored me?! WTF? Very odd mix of people. But entertaining to laugh at people.
good place to drink after work or before midnight on weekends before it gets  crowded.  3 stars for the place but I'll give it a 4 because their steak nachos is awesome
Great happy hour! The margaritas are tasty and the monter tacos are great!
I love Dos...I don't see how you can't. When its nice out this is where you will find me after a great morning by the pool..The steak tacos are great and the atmosphere is super chill! Enjoy :)
This is the ultimate frat bar!! The only place where 50lb guys can get away with wearing a cut off asu shirt..other than that..not too shabby
Super quesadillas ,nachos and ambiance
I go to Spring Training every year and one night is always a Dos Gringos night. Always a good time. It's always packed and has a good vibe usually. Sure it's a fairly generic cantina-style establishment but as long as the drinks are served quickly so I can stay hammered it's all good in my book.
I luv celebrating taco tuesday at Dos. They have street tacos and gringo tacos for 2 bucks all day... so yum o! My fav are the steak tacos with cabbage, lime, cilantro, and some pico... goes well with corona or dos equis. Happy Taco Tuesday!
uhm, who doesn't love dos gringos. there are specials almost every day of the week and 50c drinks on thursday after you spend $10! the venue is huge- indoors and outdoors and there are plenty of stools, benches, tables, seats. funky (slightly grungy) vibe but it's a lot of fun- especially if you're going out with a big group. there are colorful christmas lights strung around the joint and funny one-liners written everywhere. there's a giant jenga game outside too, haha. i can't quite remember (oops!) but i believe i had really (really) delicious nachos here
Don't go to Dos for authentic Mexican food or stellar service, you'll be disappointed.  Go to Dos for a fun atmosphere, good Happy hour and cheap "bar" food... then you'll be pleased!  Dos usually hits the spot after a hot day at the baseball game or for a first stop before a night out on the town.  It has all the essentials, food, ATM, toilets and a huge selection of booze!
The best thing about this bar is the drink specials.  After that, the atmosphere and decorations are pleasing while service was average.  The food tasted good but we didn't really try an entire meal.
Dos is a great bar to visit after a spring training game or a day of drinking. It has plenty of outdoor areas to hang out, giant jenga, air hockey, drink specials and in the heart of Old Town. It's just a generic dive bar and one that's worth the visit if you've been drinking, it's a random hour of the day and you want to continue drinking. The food's mediocre bar food and decent food to dine on while taking in a few drinks. And with at least four different bars, you'll rarely have to wait in line for a drink. So next time you find yourself drinking when the sun's still out...remember Dos as an option.
I was here this past saturday for a rugby tournament after social.   Surprisingly, I had a lot of fun!  I am not sure if it was due to the good company I had around me... or the many drinks. 

The atmosphere was probably the best part.  There is a 'Mexican' theme  and they have some entertaining signs all over :)  I loved that they had 3 different bars.  I kept going to the one inside because it had the best service!   Most of the bar is outside.  I love having fresh air and not being cramped inside a stinky bar.  

I was really only drinking beer all night and I think it was like $3 or $4 domestics.  To me that is reasonable for a bar.   I noticed some good drink special signs for nights other than Friday and Saturday.  

I would def come back here again!
Dos Gringos- Yo tengo Uno mano, dos cervezas, tres chicas y nunca tengo inabicciones. thats what its like here on a good night. on a bad night take out tres chicas and please insert tres numeros de telefonos de una servicia de sluts. Its actually a great place with the best deals around and a spot to watch the game and according to the sign, its also an offical border crossing.
This Dos Gringos is definitely by far my favorite one of the several they have in the valley. Although it is in Scottsdale and I'm surrounded by Sdale douchebagery, I have always had a great time here. I don't care if I'm packed in here like a can of sardines, the sights make up for it if you know what I mean, he he. Whether it's day drinking or out at night. The food is actually really good, reasonably priced and great portions. There will be many more drunken adventures at this establishment for sure!!
This place has been doing it right for a very long time. Back in the day, there were only 3 bar stools inside, and a waiter in town could trade thier "This is not a check" paycheck for a cold beer. The tacos are killer and that hot sauce is freakin' nuts. Love it.
One of my favorite places for the culture and the food. Try the chimichangas! They are the best most disgusting things I have ever had. The street and gringo fish tacos are awesome too! And Sunday's make your own Bloody mary Bar! This place is always fun, the bartenders are always great. I could never complain or refuse a trip there!
This place was unique for me because everyone seemed like they were inside smoking but it was an indoor outdoorish place.  There were heated lights and it was the only place that I found pretty crowded where if you walked the streets there weren't a lot of people.  

The food was good, I had the steak fajita, which you can't go wrong because its just steak.  But I also had a fish taco which was pretty good.  My boyfriend had the pick three meal, so he picked tacos, chimichanga, and enchilada.  His choice was good and the chimichanga was delish.  

The bathrooms were very rustic looking but it seemed to look that way, decent for a funky place like that.

They had live music Friday night, where a guy was doing bad covers on a few good songs.

The waitstaff was overall nice and they checked back at us here and there.

Overall I'd go back if I was in around Scottsdale again!
Best carne asada street tacos, 2 bucks each? U kidding me, great atmosphere, music, service, good time
Cool patio, we sat out back where there were nice big booths with benches to sit on, lots of decorations everywhere and funny signs to read. Food was good all around the table- chips & salsa, street tacos, breakfast burrito, mini chimis, & chicken flautas. Not one complaint from anybody we were with. We were in there on a Friday night and they had a nice flow of music from a deejay and a girl walking around with whipped jell-o shots, fun environment for sure! Was a good crowd without being overly crowded too.
I try not to dwell on bad dining experiences, but it's been years, maybe even decades since I left a goose egg tip.  The service stank.  I hadn't felt that invisible in years!  We sat and sat.  Then the wait guy came up and asked if we needed anything else.  This was because we sat down at one of the several tables that had not been bussed and had bottles and gunk still remaining from the last party.  When we made it more clear that wasn't our junk, he kind of smirked and acted like we were lucky he was going to do anything.  I asked for a round of margaritas and waters. He took my credit card away and I was not to see it again until we got the final tab.  I felt even more like a valued customer from this point on. We finally got the margaritas, but no waters. I asked again for waters; nope....   When we ordered, I asked for chips and salsa. In California, where I live, the Mexican restaurants just bring you chips and salsa, usually for free.  Ours came with the meal, so did the waters, finally.  This took, oh about 30 minutes.  Sorry, too late for chips and salsa.  I sent the chips back.  Anyway, the food was, at best, OK (Dos GRINGOES, right?  Maybe Gringoes shouldn't make Mexican food?).  After we ORDERED our food, the wait guy NEVER came back.  Our food was served by a separate team of servers.  They were fine and seemed to be trying to do a good job, the highlight of the meal.  The big problem was the waiter and waitress.  After giving up on the waiter, I tried to get the waitress's attention to get another drink.  This proved difficult also.  I asked for a margarita with salt; got one without.  I think it was one of the ones that was ordered by another table, because she came out with four drinks and dropped three off at another table before giving me mine.  The whole experience just sucked.  I felt like the wait staff didn't want to be there and were taking it out on the customers.  A customer at the table next to ours had to tell the waitress to pick up the tab folio because she never even looked our way again after dropping if off.  Never again.  I hated that place.
This bar definitely feels like it should be on the beach in Mexico, and if it was it would be awesome! I thought it was just okay, not the best crowd, and a little run down. Probably won't be going back because there are so many other good places in the area.
It does not get any better than this place, I wish they had a location in the NW Valley but it probably wouldn't be as cool.  I love the casual atmosphere (has a rocky point feel to it) and you usually get good service.  When they are really busy I just get my drinks from the center bar and it is always fast.  It is also not too loud here when you are having a conversation like many other places.  Prices aren't bad either, just my favorite all around bar that seems always to be busy just because it is too cool.  Oh and the food is good too.
Ok so the atmosphere was good the service was good but the pollo fundido is probably the reason i will go back..That thing for 11 bucks...ya sign me up for 2.
Ah, Dos.

The old standby. For the last 9 years, it has always been our backup plan when we wanted to escape the newest pretentious old town Scottsdale club. 

"I'm bored. And my drink was $10." 
"What do you want to do?"
"I dunno. What do you want to do?"
"Let's go to Dos."
"Okay!"

Instantly a mood changer. Cheap drinks, rowdy people, good mix of music. Service is inconsistent. One night it can be great, the next night you can have a total a-hole bartender. Some of my guy friends have had issues with the bouncers. 

Food isn't the greatest but it tastes pretty good when it is 1:30 am and you know your only other choice is a long line at a fast food place. Gringo rolls are my favorite. 

Great place for the young and the single. My girlfriends and I would have quite the time here before we all became married old ladies.
I have been here once, and had about 9 whiskey/cokes... for 14 bucks!!!! Great service and bouncers are nice too. Cant wait to go back
I've been to Dos several times and always walk away thinking it was just ok.  I wanted a low key night.  Whereas I can't say low key-ness was had the entire evening, Dos was exactly what I had in mind.  The friendly bouncers informed us of the 50 cent night special every Thursday.  Pay $5 at the door, get 50 cent corona and wells until midnight.  SOLD!  Coming from NOLA where the drinks are insanely strong, I get a bit sad when I see the one shot pour perfectly calculated in my Scottsdale drinks.  Not the case at Dos.  I don't know why, but the awesome bartender upstairs was pouring heavy, and I liked it.  Speaking of, there IS an upstairs filled with a large patio, bar seating, pool table, air hockey and nooks to fit all your friends!  The upstairs and the heavy pouring bartender definitely turned my "just ok" feeling about Dos to "let's go to Dos!"

The food is average Mexican bar food but will definitely save you from the morning after blues.  The weekends can get a little intense and there is usually a band playing.  As of my latest visit they had stereo music playing accompanied by a live drummer. The outdoor/indoor options can transform the day/night to your liking.  I'll definitely be going back!
pretty fun bar. decent bar, decent music, decent games.
Dos Gringos reminds me of a gross, Cancun-themed college bar that should be located in Lubbock, Texas. Someplace where the patrons have never been to and may not have heard of Cancun or the Yucatan Peninsula. But this place is in Scottsdale?

Atmosphere: Yellow and green everything. Everything. Also, I love a mister, especially in the summertime. Yet, this place needs to cool it on the misters. Everything is wet. The only feeling that arises is a negative feeling-- akin to the negative connotations that arise in some people when you say the words "moist" or "used."

Service: Okay? I guess? Different employees brought us our menus, drinks, and food, plus different people to take the orders of drinks and food. I'm not really sure who I tipped. There was a mistake on our bill, so we flagged down a waitress. She took off the mistake, with a smile, and told us that one of the servers was new-- so mistakes sometimes happen. (Plus one star for customer service)

Drinks: Watered down margaritas. I'm glad we were there at happy hour ($3 for a house marg). I don't think I could pay full price for a house margarita. Other drinks on the bar menu looked good, but I will not be back to try them.

Food: We ordered queso, a breakfast burrito, and a bean burrito. The queso was high school concession stand nacho cheese in a cast iron mini-skillet. Nasty. My designated restaurant buddy got the breakfast burrito, which he thought was great for $5. 
I wish I could say the same for my burrito. Bean and cheese sounds pretty plain, but you must understand that I did not want to risk my digestive track in a place that looked like the worst of Cancun. To spice things up, I added guac to my burrito. Something the menu stated would be a $0.99 upgrade-- fine by me. When the order came out, the guac side was huge. Score! I gobbled that delicious guacamole up. Yum. When the bill came, I found out the guac was $2.99. Oh. One of the waiters explained that $2.99 was the price for a side of guac. Oh. Thanks, Dos Gringos. 

TL;DR Dos Gringos' spring break died ten years ago, but no one told Dos. Yuck.
This is one of my favorite place to go. Its low key and fun and always full of interesting people. Could the bathrooms be cleaner- yes. Could the "dance floor" be bigger-sure. Do I want to venture elsewhere for a dance party- No way.
this is always a fun place to come in and have a brew. i've only been once during the late night rush, and i have to say i'm not that into the power drinkers and college drunks, but the afternoons and early evenings are always nice. 

their outdoor patio seating is fun and actually quite charming. their little fish tacos are suprisingly good. just the right size to soak up some of that belly beer. 

the staff have always been friendly and quick with service. a great summer (or in scottsdale, fall, winter, spring) hangout.
As we were sitting at Dos Gringos last night I turned to my friend and said "this is what's so great about living here." Really, everything about this bar says 'Arizona summer'. Fun, casual decor, huge outdoor patio, misters on high gear, people hanging out with their bathing suit under their clothes from just coming from the pool-or in our case going to a pool....
Some people will tout this as a college bar, well it is kind of. However Dos makes no promises to be something it's not. As soon as you walk up to it you know what you're in for. So if it's not your cup of tea, mosey on. As for me this seems like a fun place to spend a lazy afternoon.
Dos Gringos is a great place to go for a chill happy hour. Although the food and service is just average, they do have good drink specials. Corona's are $2.50 every day and they have other daily specials that are pretty sweet. 

Dos has a great outdoor patio which is great if you have a large group of people that want to sit next to eachother.
Great place to get cheap drinks....which is oh so rare in Scottsddale.  It's a relaxed atmosphere, they have oversized games there to play... such as an enormous version of jenga and connect four.  It's mostly a (huge) patio bar.  highly recommend for those jeans and a tee,  'lets just grab a drink or two' nights.
This is my brother's favorite place to go when he visits Phoenix.  So on the latest trip, we had to go again (my first time).  The misting was a little weird to me, but hey it's hot in Phoenix...even in September.  Our waitress was really great.  They have good drink prices, especially when they have specials going on.  Their cooling system leaks a bit, so water kept dripping on me.  But we just moved down to the other end of the bench.  Great place for big groups.

Now on to the food.
I ordered the taco salad with carne asada.  It was really good.  How exciting that it even came with guac on it.  Yum.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing...my brother had to polish it off for me.

My brother ordered the Supercheeseygooeychimichanga, the same thing he gets each time.  He let me taste it.  I was not impressed.  Glad I chose the taco salad.
I love Dos Gringos! Its my favorite place to grab a beer and do body shots at (kidding....kinda)! Super casual, super fun, and super chill. Woo is amazing behind the bar and security does their job well. The deep fried taco is delicious, but what isn't delicious when deep fried? I've only really experienced Dos at night, but the few times I've enjoyed an adult beverage during the day has been fantastic as well. 
They have a DJ on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights spinning dance tunes for the small, but lively "dance floor" area. There is an upstairs, but most of the fun is downstairs so I rarely venture up there.  I'm happy the weather is cooling down cause I really enjoy sitting on the patio without my balls sweating off. Also, they have a giant Jenga available all day and night long while the bean toss is available during the evening but put away when the night approaches. Good times at Dos, woot woot!
Love Dos Gringos for happy hour. Great drink specials and happy hour entres are just a few bucks. Get the chips with the sloppy 7 layer dip!! So good.
Hot bartender! Good food! Great atmosphere!
I don't get it... I feel like I missed the memo.

Food is aweful- I don't care how drunk you get, you'll still know it stinks!

Rainy day margarita is my one good memory that I can take away from this place- good times.

Interesting blend of people- old, young, and everywhere in between. Yet, still not the first place I'm willing to go to.
This weekend is a celebration for my 30th birthday. Went to Dos Gringos because I remember having a great time at the Tempe location last time I was in town. It was awful. No service for the first 10 mins we were there. After that, was served 2 bottled beers and (delicious) tacos. Waitress never came back. Waited 20 mins, flagged our waitress down, who was clearly preoccupied with chatting with coworkers, closed our tab. Never to return and will never recommend.
Honestly I don't get it.  I went to Dos Gringos with a good friend of mine last weekend.  I had never been to Phoenix before so I was excited to see what the city had to offer.  After entering Dos Gringos we sat at our table for 21 minutes before a waitress came to our table.  She brought us 2 beers and never came back. After 40 minutes we decided to check out a new bar since we obviously weren't welcomed at Dos Gringos.  So we went up to the bar where I waited for 5 minutes so the bartender could take some pictures and shots with her friends.  What I didn't understand was there were maybe only 20 people there and at least 6 people working.  If I was the owner or manager I would be embarrassed to say that you run that establishment.  I will never return and I highly recommend you stay away from Dos Gringos as you will be disappointed.
If you are over 24 you are too old to be here.  

First, this place has beer.  Don't order mixed drinks, don't order wine, both are gross unless your sole purpose is to get trashed, which is the mission of every underage and young, young 20-something at this bar.

This is the place you'd go to with your fake ID because when you're 19 this is what you think a bar should be.

Expect people over drinking and throwing up very early on in the evening in the bathroom.
This is the place you come to when you are already drunk and looking to just have some weird wild fun. I came here with my friends after we had been partying for a bit and we were looking to continue our fun. The drinks were strong, the music was blasting, and the people were weird (a man in a care bear unicorn outfit?). I don't think I would eat here but I would come back to drink, dance, and be merry.
They pour great drinks and tons of bar options . Street tacos like being in Mexico. Definately aa kepper if you're not looking for fancy but want a good time. Definately recommended.
I went here on a bit of an off night during the week. It wasn't too busy but I could definitely tell this is one of those wild places to go on the weekends.... you know what I am talking about. Big, lots of rooms, smells of booze soaked into the wood floors...yeah that.

Luckily since it was during the week they had some really cheap Coronas. I also had the steak fajitas. They were surprisingly very good.. I was expecting a bit on the meh side considering this is more of a party place. They also had a desert that was nearly mind blowing. They wrap cookie dough in a chocolate tortilla and then deep fry it..and then its server with vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup. If you are on a diet this is the PERFECT thing to screw it up with, and its damn good haha.

The service was pretty solid, it was just the bartender running the tables. Since I was near the bar it was easy to flag him down if I wanted something. Hopefully I will be back on a weekend sometime to see how crazy this place really gets!
Great food and a fun place to hang before a spring training game!
I like coming here. The drinks are relatively cheap and the bartenders/servers are friendly. 

They allow you to open and close tabs on a whim and you can order from any bar or server in the place.

This is an awesome place and I recommend it.
You kind of have to know what you're getting yourself into when you go to Dos.  Chances are there will be drunken college kids, some people way too old to be there, and then some people like me and my friends, who are somewhere in-between. 

I was there on Saturday for a day drinking birthday pub crawl.  For some reason, I always forget they have food here, and not just refreshing adult beverages.  I ordered the mini chimis, which were definitely NOT mini.  That's ok, I like 'em big anyway ;).  They were surprisingly good.  My margarita was what I expected, not mind blowing in anyway, but straight forward and salty, (just on the rim).  There were also girls handing out free shots of tequila, and sweatbands.  

Like most bars anymore, they have the obligatory giant jenga.  As my friends were playing, excitement broke out in the bar as some guy who used to be on "The Bachelor" showed up.  I couldn't tell you who he was; reality shows are not really my thing.  My friends were impressed, and went over to infiltrate his gathering.  Eventually we convinced them the crawl must go on, Bachelor or not.  

I'm always surprised that I still like Dos, and it doesn't hurt that the same hot bouncer always seems to be working the door every time I go.  As I exited out the front, he told me that he liked my hat.  Had I been a little quicker on the draw, I would've told him that I liked his muscles; such are the perils of day drinking in the heat....but I digress.
Came here for a sponsored event that included open bar and some free food.

There were only two servers at the one food station which caused the food line to be incredibly long.  The food options were also pretty limited (not sure if it was due to the sponsorship).  At one point of the night, the top bar had run out of Dos Equis, without a sign they were going to replenish.  

The atmosphere and amenities are geared towards a younger crowd - unfinished wood tables and chairs.

Though the service a bit off, everyone was very nice.
This place was recommended by one of my friend's friend.  The moment I entered this place, I noticed this was unique for me because everything is all outdoor.  As a person from the San Francisco Bay Area, we don't have places like this because of the weather.  There were heated lights, but I believe that's unnecessary especially with the warm Arizona nights approaching.   Maybe for the Winter season. 

The food was very good.  We started with chips and salsa and their nachos.  The salsa was full of flavor and they taste a lot better than Salty Senorita.  My wife and I ordered the the six pack Dos XX fish tacos and they were very good, which you can't go wrong because its just beer battered fish.  They definitely taste a lot better than Rubios that's for sure.    

They have live music Friday night and a huge Jenga block for anyone who wants to play.  

The waitstaff was friendly and they checked back at us here and there.  This place is definitely leaning towards a younger crowd, but it's a fun place to be.  Dos Gringos is a nice place for lunch and is great if you have a large group for dinner and drinks.  However, I do not recommend this place if you have young children because some of the signage that is posted on the wall and below the bar counters.  Some of the signage is inappropriate for young kids to read. 

The prices are moderate, which is usually just right for Tex-Mex.  Furthermore, the drinks are inexpensive and you can play Jenga.  If you're in Scottsdale, then I recommend this place especially you have a group of friends with you.   You can't go wrong.
This place was pretty empty for a Friday night.  
Rooftop with DJ.  Thank you for playing The Thong Song, this made our night.
Service is meh.
Night before my wedding....tons of folks in town who didnt't want to sit in their hotel rooms and play Yahtzee. I didn't want a stuffy pretentious Scottsdale club and I knew folks wanted to dance. My cousin took me here on a bar hopping night eons ago and I figured this place would be the best spot to go out and not take ourselves too seriously. So my fiance, maid of honor, his best man and a mix of cousins and friends all piled in cabs and headed over.

The place is like Spring Break on acid. Outdoors, several bars, lots of string lights, etc. And yes we were a bit older than their average crowd (early 20 somethings) but we were able to sit at a huge table, talk over our drinks AND dance. How often can you do that at most clubs? Did I mention no dress code? I can wear my flats and actually dance my ass off with no risk of blisters. And of course I'm the only one not hungover this morning. :)
It is a little divey and grimy but I say that in the highest regards. Tons of patio space and decked out in bright colors. Had some cervesas and cuba libres (rum and coke but add a lime and it is called a cuba libre). 

We ordered the chimichangas and my two friends swear that it was sprinkled with crack and that it was the best they have ever tasted. I cannot vouch as I was intoxicated and as long as it had cheese on it, I was shoveling it into my mouth without regard to taste. We will be back when we are in the neighborhood and are in the mood for a late night menu while drinking.
So, this one time, I went to a really nice, classy, Mexican food restaurant... but not this time.  That being said, I love going to Dos Gringos, but you have to be prepared- it's very much like the college bars in Mexico.  Yet, I really like it there.  It could be my casa away from my casa.

The patio is huge and a lot of it has misters for us overweight sweaty bastard types, but I am not sure when that last time they hosed down the tables... ever?  If you are short on cash, you may get a good buzz walking around licking the tables... and they would be cleaner then too!  WOO HOO!  Also, assuming you like sitting on seats made of 2X4s painted like a clown threw up on them and tables that need to be sanded (and wiped down, I reiterate), yet decent food and cheap-ish drinks, this place is for you.  They do have an inside section, but from what I have seen, most of the fun is outside.  

On the normal weekend night, you get your typical Scottsale DBs who need to put their sleeves back on the shirt that their moms paid for as they are $30K a year millionaires, sorority girls-gone-wild types who don't care about anyone but them and their BFFS, and a fair amount of the overly sensative hipsters who could really use a shave and some deodarent, but despite all of that, it's still fun.  Oh, and you will be able to pick the first timers, tourists, and 'parents' out of the crowd for sure.  And if you have other plans, I would not recommend going here before you go anywhere else as you are bound to get dirty or spill, but it's a great way to end the night and that's just Dos Gringos.

Service- tattooed chicks with big boobs... +++ (and some dudes) but all very nice and good service
Food- decent- it didn't give me poo-cano and they use a lot of cheese which is never a bad thing unless you are my Dr., then I only had the veggies.  Oh, and try the habanero sauce on the side- it will grow hair on your sack and force a re-manscape ASAP!  Muy bien!
Atmosphere- VERY relaxed, and some could argue too relaxed if you like a little structure
Other- plenty of room to dance between the booths, jenga, decent music, but best of all, $1 Donkey Punch shots all the time!  Be careful, these bad boys are the cousin of the Dirty Sanchez for a reason!
For my first time in old town scottsdale this was a cool spot.  Hung out up stairs on the patio area.  Prices were good.  Had I been able to really let loose and enjoy may have had a higher rating but live a distance.  Want to grab some food next time it looked good.
College hottie servers and spring break in Mexico atmosphere.  I am sure this place starts jumping well after I have left.  Looks like every bar did in every college town in the late 80s and 90s that I have ever done damage in.
Didn't come here to eat just drink but can't really go wrong with 2.50 coronas this is definitely is a college bar and a bit noisy what's wierd is there Oregon duck fans and not ASU fans? Great place for day drinking though
Ok...so this is not a fancy mexican restaurant, but I love the atmosphere!  I always feel like I could be in mexico, and I mean on a vacation enjoying myself.   I love the outdoor seating .  I am vegetarian and the staff was great in helping me select a good item.   The happy hour price on rita's was fantastic.   Fun Times!  Will for sure come back
ekkk, umm maybe i was old town the wrong day. Service sucked but the place was big, maybe ill be back for someones birthday if they have a bar crawl here but by choice im not sure ill be back had to wait 30 mins to get a drink lol!
Not much to look at, but tacos were authentic and the margaritas were strong. What could you want from a Mexican place. I felt like you we're really in Mexico. Don't miss for cheap but good taste of the real thing.
Good atmosphere. Lots of TVs and they'll put any game on you want. Friendly staff. El Diablo hot wings were 5/10 but the fried burrito was awesome! 

Guacamole sucks though and they charged extra for salsa! WHAT!
our final stop on a pub ride, dos never disappoints for drankin. it was early, so there weren't many people (which is fine with me, as i was already half drunk, and i'm that douchbag who gets a little cocky when he drinks too much and thinks he's George St. Pierre, and then gets punched in the face for oogling some girls big boobs while her much bigger boyfriend is fuming at me). 

the doormen welcomed us in and even gave us a friendly good night when we left. the bartender was all smiles and pleasant, and with so few people there, drinks were in our hands within seconds. 

this place has always been fun, and of course, we'll be back!
I popped in here for a drink with co-workers after a work function recently. The outdoor seating and ambience were nice, which is the only reason I'm giving them  three stars and not two. The service and the alcohol selection were lacking, in my opinion. If friends were coming into town and wanted to go out, this isn't someplace that would immediately spring to mind to take them.
The new pizza shop was closed, so plan B was Dos Gringos. The service was great. I had no compliments. I would go back again.
Came here for the Oregon Ducks block party. Nothing special about the food with the exception of the appetizer dips.  I tried the pork Chile Verde cheese dip  and it had a lot of flavor but got mushy since it was mixed with cheese and sour cream.  Good place for drinks but could do without the food.
I've been to this bar/restaurant many times and almost always have a good time. This time I went in for some lunch and a beer with some friends. It was New Years Day so there weren't many people there. The service was very good, and so were the prices, but the food wasn't very good at all. I had four of their $2 tacos and they were just too watery and didn't have much flavor. I'll go with something different next time.
Fun place. Went twice during our stay. Had a great breakfast.
A big fan of strong margaritas, tasty fresh guacamole, and the fantastic patio. A Lovely surprise for this native Oregon girl was the Ducks table:)! The inside is a bit club ish for me, but the fab patio more than makes up for it.
Went fairly early on a Friday night. It was starting to get busy and waitress said they were short staffed...everyone looked of average height to me though (insert knee slap here). Anyways... Got chips and salsa for $1 and some Gringo chicken tacos and some flautas. All had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers. Waitress was nice and stopped by a couple times. Good night. Oh yea, they had a corn hole game going on the patio too.
Big fan of this place. One of the best patios/places to day-drink in Scottsdale. We went Friday night and ate at the bar and the food was great! Minus 1 star for being an Oregon Ducks bar ;-p
Margarita heaven!!! Plus great beautiful waitresses.
Go, go, go!!!  Great food, fantastic atmosphere, cold beer,friendly crowd and staff.  If you are looking for a fun time in Scottsdale, you have to go here.
Dive bar with cheap drinks.....downtown scottsdale is cute

D
Baja shrimp tacos- Mexican street style are the way to go!
Came here mid-day after driving around on the trolley. This place really is great for day drinking - $4 Bloody Maries, $7 margaritas and super cheap tacos.
Fun atmosphere with great outdoor people watching, what else do you need!
I love the fun carefree atmosphere, but the service Friday Night 4/26 was lousy. The wait staff was all about entertaining themselves, and this place lost a lot in food and drink sales because they mostly ignored us and all the filled tables around us.
The location is great. The service.... not so much. My sister and I went on a weekday night and it was not busy at all. We ordered our drinks and then our food. We had two other people meeting us there but did not tell them because we wanted to eat right away. Once the other two showed up (guys) she was back to our table to help. She was very attentive with them and they even got their food before we did. I never got a refill on my tea and my one of the guys never got the drink he actually ordered. She ordered a vodka and cran and she brought him out a beer. She apologized and offered it to him on her and she would go grab his drink.... she never did. My sister ordered a queso dip and asked for more chips.... the chips never came until we asked another server. The food was good the location is nice the seating is great but the service isn't tremendious. I would go back, just hopefully get a different server.
Warning, there are usually drunk people here...and 30 minutes after I get here, I am usually one of them.  I love Sunday Fun-day on the patio at Dos; always a great friendly vibe from the patrons and staff.  DO drink the FROZEN margarita.  I am normally not a fan of frozen margaritas, but they are very good here!  Also, I always eat their tater tots, but that probably has something to do with the drunk factor not culinary expertise.  There is this bartender, who is outstanding, but of course I don't know his name.  So that was basically a rather useless tidbit of information.  All I know is when I go to Dos he seems to be in tune with my salivary glands, because right when my drink is empty he gives me the nod to signal the next one is on the way.
The food here is super good. I recommend the carne asada nachos.  My other main recommendation would be the blended/frozen margaritas. I like coming here for some daytime drinking. Great open patio makes you feel like you are on vacation in Cabo.
Tres Gringo's went to Dos Gringos.  Dive bar, almost college like.  The tacos were pretty good for the price.  The service here is hit or miss....the gals seemed distracted but they had a special event for a staff member that was injured so we just chalked it up to that.
In comparison to Chandler Gringos, I like this one much less. It was DEAD on a Friday night and nothing special going on with pricing. We got a drink and bounced out to the next place.
Hearing the name Dos Gringos just makes me want to day drink. I love coming here. First of all, I love patios and they have a huge one downstairs and also one upstairs (I rarely go up there though). I have probably only sat INSIDE a handful of times here. They have lots of good specials, they have giant Jenga, a couple different bars, a really good Thursday night special, etc. It's jus a fun place. We used to come here on Thursdays and get the wristband and get 50 cent Coronas or whatever the deal was and it would get PACKED and be a blast. The food is your basic bar food, pretty good if you're just grabbing some nachos for the table or grabbing a couple of tacos. It's fun at night but it's better (in my opinion) for some good old day drinking. Service has always been good and the servers have been friendly.
Dos in Old Town is a laid back day drinking /  happy hour / evening spot in where you dont have to be pretentious, a bro, done up, or out to 'pick up' someone to go. You can just go, eat, drink,  dance, have fun without any of the Old Town rules or boundaries or cultural faux paus. 

Dos is fun because it knows what it is and accepts it well. If you want to just sit and chill and drink, do it! If you want some tacos or nachos and some beers. BOOM! If you want to go out on a Saturday night and 'just dance' without 10,000 other dudes all up ons you, then good; Dos is good for that. 

Food: Food is meh. Bar food, mexican taquiera style, but certainly not 'good'. The drinks are your typical bar drinks, no fancy menu drink menu. Not that type of place. You typically end up getting a bucket Dos Equis Lagers and there ain't nothing wrong with that.

I like going to Dos and i'm sure i'll be back time and time again, especially on nights where the bro status across Scottsdale Rd gets to be so high I can't take it....
went here on taco tuesday right before happy hour was ending 
Tacos are small and mehhhhhh all three of us thought the tacos were gross and TINY! 
Drinks were nasty !!!!! 
the outdoor area is super cool looking but the place is just not that great probably wont be back ..there are much better places to go
Used to come here almost every weekends while I was studying at Arizona State University.  Been going to their location in Tempe by the campus a lot before they moved and then closed.  I like this location because it's so far away from ASU and is in Old Town Scottsdale where a lot of other people comes.  Best time to come out is like I said, on the weekends where you will see a lot of people, young and old.  It might be very crowded if you come out late and you will definitely not be able to find a parking spot.  So come out early and stay out late.
Maybe I'm a bit bias due to my Oregon Ducks backing, but like all Duck fans, I just don't give a shit.  Unreal, and I mean unreal service...  We were at the same table all night and must have had 5 separate waiters/waitresses check on us.  

Great Margaritas and Bloodies, the best Chicken Wings in Scottsdale and a crazy bar menu.

The College Football bar specials on Saturdays are off the charts, especially if you "Love My Ducks."

Great bar, great food, unreal service.-
This is not Mexican food! 

Went there for lunch so that way wouldn't have to go pull my car  out of the garage. Was greeted by the bartender and ordered a coke. She then handed me a menu. A little pricey but I decided on the shrimp tacos for $4  and added rice and beans for another 3 here's a novel idea why don't you just make a taco plate  without the upcharge? No chips and salsa were offered for munching on while I waited. And needless to say their tacos are very tiny I think I had one shrimp on each taco smothered in mango salsa. The tortillas they come on are gross. The rice was cold and crunchy and the beans were extremely salty. What a waste of time. Stay away from their food. It is not Mexican food!!!!
I use to come here all the time, it's my first time back in a year, the bartenders have NO personality and rude, they just want their tip and ignore the customers, I will give it another year before I go back. It's sad they hired these pricks,
I have been a yelp reader for years but this is my first review. When I first moved here a long time ago, this was the first bar I ever went to in old town. Service was great and fun an d food was ok. Went yesterday to catch the last game and have a few tacos. Wasn't busy but you would think that the bartender with the detroit hat and shirt on was dealing with hundreds of people. He was absolutely rude to everyone. I miss the old dos that had people that understood they were in the service industry.
This place has been around for a while and, besides having expanded to include the neighboring building, it hasn't changed much. The service is generally bad, the tacos are good, the picnic tables feel dirty, and it's an okay place to stop in for a beer.
This place is actually pretty fun to go to at night. In the daytime, it is a really chill place to hang out with friends and drink beer. The food (tacos) are not bad. They are on the small side but taste pretty good. 

The only problem that I have with this place is that it does not smell very good. It's not extremely dirty (it is as clean as it can be with a ton of drunk people around all the time) but it just smells like bathroom.
Maybe I haven't been to Dos Gringos in a while, or maybe this location is just grosser than the Tempe location, but this place is dirty!  The bathroom has a bad smell coming from it and everything just seems kinda filthy.  I would never ever order food from here, if their bar area is this dirty I can only imagine how gross the kitchen is... I'm not really sure why people would hang out here when there are plenty of nicer and more fun spots in Scottsdale.
I am so disappointed. Look at my previous reviews of other Dos and I am typically very fair. This place had a good server but the manager was lousy to say the least. We visit this place once a month and bring a group of ten to fifteen people with us so you would think they would provide quality service but two guys at the bar wanted to hear the game. I like football so I get it but the speakers were blasting so loud it actually hurt. We moved to another location and it helped a bit but another group came in and had the same complaint, they also moved. Manager insisted and wouldn't lower the volume because of the two gentlemen at the bar. So our group of twelve in a bar with 16 people in it would've been better off going elsewhere.  Customer service by management here was terrible. 
We won't be back next month or anytime after that.
Great happy hour deals.  The atmosphere is nice.  The music is amazing.

My only complaint focuses in on the Mahi Mahi tacos.  I understand it's Arizona and all, but please don't be stingy with your fish and expect us to pan out $4 per tiny taco.  What a ripoff!  I explained the situation and how ripped-off I felt, and they were understanding...but I'll know better next time.
Joey and Cam are the best bartenders in old town!!! Dos is a great bar to bring a group of friends !!!
Fun place to go for a drink.  Nice open layout.  The bar has upstairs and downstairs levels - the lower level has games like cornhole and a giant Connect 4 set.  The house frozen margarita is deliciously limey with a nice layer of salt around the rim.  The food is on the pricey side.  The buffalo wings claim to be a "full pound", but at six pieces I'd be surprised if the dish weighed a half pound.  They are deliciously spicy, though - if you don't like too much fire, let the server know and they will tone it down for you.  The seafood street tacos were so small that we laughed when they were brought out.Good flavor, though.  The other street tacos are also small but tasty.  The best value is to order the 6 pack.  You can mix and match on the fillings.
As a first time Yelper, I thought it was my duty to pick out the most memorable experience from my recent jaunt to the Scottsdale bars to house my post.  I am not what you would call a bar fly.  I am more of a stay at home, curled up with a book kind of gal. The whole "Scottsdale Scene" leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  On this particular Friday night I was torn from the solace of my couch by a group of friends for a night on the town.  We began our evening in the Northeast part of Old Town amongst the neon lights of the newly constructed string of bars.  Giddy with anticipation of what our night would bring, we strolled into HIFI.  Being a stranger to the nightlife I was disappointed to find the service rude.  The bartenders seemed almost put out that I had the audacity to order a cocktail.  Let alone, the ever complicated vodka soda with a lemon.  I was assured by the rest of my group that was par for the course and I should be thankful the bartender chose to bestow her attention on me instead of the bar-back she was previously talking to. Far be it from me to rock the boat I smiled, thanked her, apologized to the bar-back and drank my $10 drink in silence, eyes cast to the floor.  Rinse and repeat for the next 2 hours on that side of town.  Some places better than others, though all having an air of superiority I didn't quite understand.  

Fast forward to midnight, tired of battling aggressive V necks, we made our way across Scottsdale road.  The bright neon lights from the eastside of the street had nothing on the sparkling Christmas lights of Craftsman Court.  Making our way into Dos Gringos we were greeted at the door by a bearded gent with a friendly, "Hello."   This is one of the larger bars I have been to in Scottsdale.  There were 3 different bars operating downstairs and one upstairs, which was not open on this particular night.  The place was crowded, yet we were promptly served with a smile as soon as we stepped up to the bar.  The tall red headed fellow handled my intricate concoction of vodka and soda water with ease.  We made our way to the back of the bar. The atmosphere was very inviting. The rhythm was right, I had my dancin' shoes on and me and your girl was booty shakin'.  There was more room in the back so our group posted up here for the rest of the night.  The music was excellent and all of the patrons seemed to be having a fantastic time, ourselves included.  All the bartenders, guys and gals alike, made us feel welcome and seemed happy to have us there. We were never without a beverage, and I never felt I was putting anyone out to have my glass refilled.  Fueled with laughs, the warmth of friendship, and something called Fireball, the sobering task of closing my tab crept up on me in the night.  I reached for the black check presenter with fear in my heart.  Already taking mental stock of my unpaid bills for the month, I opened the small book at the same time deciding Southwest Gas would have to wait for their money yet another paycheck. I was pleasantly surprised at the affordability of the libations.  My cat Gary and I would stay warm in spite of my poor decision making skills.  I paid my bill, left a generous tip, one that I thought was well deserved and was a direct reflection on the service I had received, and staggered my way into a taxi in the back ally.  

I would strongly recommend this place to anyone who is looking to have a pretentious-free night out on the town.  Thank you Dos Gringos and staff for making one the few nights that I get out a great one!  I'll be back for sure.
Came in after hiking Cholla Trail on a Saturday afternoon with my girlfriend and another couple. We were just looking for a place to grab a quick snack and some drinks and conversation. Not really expecting much but cold beer and hot food. The place was almost empty but that did not stop our waitress and the bartender from getting two of the four drinks wrong. This escalated when they managed to get three of the four meals wrong, the service was poor and after the fifth mistake in our order my friend finally complained about the bad service and continual mistakes and the waitress left and was replaced by a surly floor manager who was unprofessional, antagonistic, and confrontational. He did everything short of picking an actual fight with me. What started as a nice outing with friends turned into an ugly ordeal where I will never go back and am suggesting to all of my friends that they avoid the place as well. There are plenty of places where I can grab a bite to eat, a beer and not have some arrogant asshole of a floor manager come over and throw his machoness around to impress the female wait staff and bartenders at mine or friend's expense. Way to unimpress.
Lunch tacos. Easily the best in the valley. Simple but different and very, very tasty.
Stop by here my first time in old Town Scottsdale after dropping off an application in the area.. It was 1, i had an annoying day so far, I felt like having a drink. It was fairly empty but started to get busier while I was there, I had 2 margaritas that were great and the bartender was pleasant enough without overwhelming me and she was incredibly easy on the eyes.. Will go back here again sometime for the cheap drinks, divey atmosphere and the excessive day drinking that im sure goes on here
I always seem to have a great time at this place.  Always crowded and has plenty of space to move around on most nights - but it can get packed.  You don't have to come here dressed to kill - even with it being in Scottsdale, jeans and t shirt are just fine.
  The alcohol prices are fair and I have had their wings on few occasions during college football - I believed that they were great - but I had a lot to drink - so what isn't good then?
   Was here for New Years Eve and the music and atmosphere was good.  
  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was that their bathrooms are the worst smelling bathrooms- I don't know what they could do to make it better - being that so  many people use them and they would almost need a full time janitor.  But the smell of ass sometimes linger out to the open aired bar.......But don't let that deter you.  Awesome place, awesome staff, awesome drinks..... go the bathroom before you come here and hold it as long as you can!!!!!
Dos Gringos is a great place to go day drinking with some really good Mexican food. It's a dive bar with plenty of outdoor seating and THREE bars. Two are full outdoor and one is in and out door serving/seating. TV's are aren't large in size or number but they're there if you want to watch the game or whatever. Good number of people there most of the time but plenty of space as well so it's not overly crowded. Also, there's a Jenga game (probably 10 times the tabletop version, played with 2x4s) as well as cornhole (bags, beanbags, etc) that's free to whoever wants to play it in the outdoor section. 

Always a great time at Dos Gringos!!
This is definitely a place to sit out & have a few drinks with some chips and guacamole, but not a full meal. The food just isn't that good but the patio atmosphere definitely makes you want to drink. I had the Gringos Burrito and it was forgettable. Low quality rice without much flavor, mediocre red sauce, heavy refried beans, etc. I shared a cheese quesadilla with friends and it was also whatever. Barely any cheese so it was super thin, again forgettable. I'd definitely come back on a nice afternoon for beers & a snack, Dos Gringos does that wonderfully.
They have great service, and awesome food and drink prices. The staff is very friendly and the environment there is awesome. You feel like you've stepped into a different world. And what makes this place even better is that it's a Duck bar during college football season, GO DUCKS! This is were they Oregon alumni gather to watch games, the bar reserves tables for duck fans and they offer food and drink specials during the games.
Fun atmosphere! Good prices
I haven't tried the food- but the people that work here are so friendly so if you're visiting the area, this is a great spot to stop by at! We brought in our Spring Training ticket after the game and received an offer for 1 dollar Old Style beer- a great deal. The security guard inside was working as like a host, asking if we wanted anything, and giving us huge smiles. A lot of people were walking in and getting tables immediately.
I do like this place.  Taco tuesday is a great value here!  My biggest disappointment is that they won't honor their special when the spring training games are on....so they just loose this local to the other bar down the road for awhile!

I have updated my review to reflect 5 stars!  I did this as a result of the contact from the Customer Service Manager Jeff.  He contacted me and explained it must have been a mistake on the part of the staff.  They DO HONOR their specials even during the Spring traning games!!!  WOOHOO!!!   He was very genuine in his communication and very nice. It is this kind of reaching out over just a little issue that makes a business stand out!!!  I am on my way back!! THANKS DOS GRINGOS!!!
Not a bad place to day drink, but that's about it. I've eaten here a number of times and it has always left something to be desired. Food is very average.
Came back to watch some basketball and all the bartenders give more attention to the roided out guys but the waitress was great
Love this place. Watched basketball there last night with a group of people. Fun and relaxed atmosphere with just the right amount of "divy-ness". We mostly drank but had a few apps. The chips and queso were great as well as the wings and shredded beef mini chimis. The waitresses/bartenders were super attentive. I couldn't believe how they were so on top of it with cleaning up plates and empty drinks and bringing us new ones. Probably one of my favorite places to go when I'm in town visiting. Will be back.
This is a "must go to" sort of place.  Eclectic decor,  good food, and reasonable drinks.  Killer chicken tacos!
Been in here a couple times to day drink. Went in there last night with a couple friends around 1030, sat down at a table and apparently we were weren't good enough to be customers. No one acknowledged us/served us/or even said hi. We had to walk up to the bar which was in plain view from our table, to get menus, then waited another ten minutes. Still didn't even get a "we'll be right with you" so we left. Sent an email to their manager no reply so far, so we'll see what happens. Maybe I can call corporate about it. 
Oh and the one star is for the actual place. Cool place, nice setup, but you can see how a couple amateur employees can ruin potential business.
This place is just eh in my book. I did go in the middle of the day in the middle of the week (on vacation), so it was dead, so that didn't help the vibe. But the food just was not good. Really, no flavor in the tacos or queso. I just wouldn't recommend it or head back if I were back in the area.
I love yelp and want to be a fair reviewer. Went in late Sunday night craving some tacos and wasn't expecting much after the last 2 visits. This time however sat at the bar again and the bartender did a great job getting us a beer and taking our orders. Paid great attention to everyone and even noticed the guy sitting between myself and a couple came in drunk and annoying and let him know politely he was cut off. The food was ok but the bartender did a much better job than any of my recent visits. Kudos
This place is definitely a party place. The bar area was pretty busy for it only being 5:30pm or so when i was there. We only stopped in for appetizer's so that is all i can rate on at this point. It was loud, the service was okay, and the food was just okay. I had planned on ordering a couple items but started with just the crispy tacos. I wasn't blown away so we stopped while we were ahead. 

The crispy tacos: the shredded beef was alright the avocado salsa saved the little tacos, without that they would have had no flavor at all. 

I would say try something other than the crispy tacos, i hear that the Rocky Point Nachos are good so maybe give them a go. 

All-in-all my experience here was okay, not great, not horrible just okay.
Absolutely appalling service!!  My friends and I came here to celebrate a birthday.    We got there around 5 pm and the place didn't seem busy at all.  We sat outside at the bar.  Our first bartender was extremely helpful, (15 mins) unfortuneately I didn't get his name.    The second bartender named Ted, (1 hour) was absolutely obnoxious.   He made rude remarks regarding his customers sitting at another table and  he signed my tab without my consent!   Forged my signature!   How awful was It to hear everything coming from his mouth and we're ALL paying customers! 
 I have been in the restaurant industry for number of years and experienced alot of different bars, and clubs.   I have not been treated soo horrible in my entire life.   Not to mention, he knew it was a friends birthday.    I will NOT go back to Dos Gringos-Scottsdale no matter how good looking the bartenders are.
Sunday Night - Server girl was trying to hard to have fun not getting anything done

She could not get our orders right for both drinks & food

We cud see our food in window for about 10 minutes. We were ready to grab it ourselves

Of course food order was incomplete 

Gave up on most of our order
Use to love this place however my most recent experiences here will keep me until some major changes happen. Services sucks, food quality has declined, and bartenders take advantage of people they think are drunk (which I've seen happen to other people, and most recently to myself). With the amount of competition in the area, this bar is not worth the time.
The atmosphere is great and the bartenders are awesome. Come here all the time and have really nothing to complain about... I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a good time in old town!
Went there to watch a hockey playoff game Sunday @ 6:00. Place was not busy and we were seated right away. Waitress came over right away and took our drink order. We ordered the wings and fish tacos. Food was decent and reasonably priced. The place started to fill up. Looks like a lot of regulars. Food was good and priced right. We'll be back again.
Love this place! A great spot after work or even during work! I love the specials and food is not bad for a bar!!! Will, Joey, Cameron, Ty and Skillet rock,  great service, quick witted, and just a pleasure to always see!!! Too bad they ran out of kiltlifter!
The key is to keep your expectations low.  Don't be in a hurry.  Expect to hang out, have great conversation, pretty good mexican food, cheap but good drinks and a good time.  You go for the atmosphere (seriously and ally between two buildings with Jenga made from 2x4's) and lights strung from the trees- but you stay when you eat, drink and only have a $20 bill for two people.  I love it.  Apparently four stars worth.  Probably a fifth star if the tables weren't always sticky.  But that's not enough to keep me away. (I recommend the ooey, gooey, cheesy, something something and more cheese burrito).
The food is delicious and my margarita was to die for. But the service was pretty rough. Our waitress checked on us three times. Once to take drink orders, once to take our order, and once to bring us a pitcher of water. Between 7 of us we went through that pitcher rather quickly and then we didn't see our waitress for at least 40 minutes. I had to walk to the bar myself to get our check. If it was busy I could totally understand this but it was 3 o'clock on a week day and there were maybe 4 other people there sitting at the bar. I would say the main downfall is that the servers aren't very interested in helping their guests but like I said the food and drink is really good!
I come here a lot and Brandi is amazing. I love coming to see her on Tuesdays. She takes great care of all her customers.
Had delicious tacos on Taco Tuesday. Margaritas were good and for only $1 more you can have a shot of Grand Marnier. I recommend the place.
Excellent chill, lay back environment with decent food, great drinks and EXCELLENT customer service. 

Thanks Cameron and Will for the witty and genuine service. The sarcasm was an added side dish.  

I highly recommend this bar! Their appetizers and drinks were great. The staff were not your Scottsdale type of bar tenders. I went on a Wednesday night after a Brush Bar painting experience next door and it was a super chill environment.  I was super surprised to encounter country music, a laid back atmosphere and such fun bartenders.  They even invited us back!
Divey pub with a decent atmosphere.  A little too smokey for my taste and the beer selection on tap is nothing to brag about.  The crowd was a combination of skater types and preppy types.  It was interesting but not that exciting.
It's been 5 years, I guess I should update my BOP review!

Nice range of english & irish beers on tap. They usually have some kind of shot special going on when I'm there. The drinks are a tad pricy for the location, but I go anyway. I think they have PBR cans on special everyday though, not sure. 

Food is pretty great, I like the hot dogs, the fish & chips, and their mac & cheese is really good. For something different and yummy, try the celtic nachos. However I cannot recommend the deep fried pickles, I thought, pickles? deep fried? How could I go wrong? Oh, it was wrong. 

Since the non-smoking laws passed, obviously there are no more issues with the bar being super smoky. however they still have, in the ceiling, what I THINK is a smoke-eater machine? And it scares the LIFE out of me because it makes this crackling-snapping noise really loudly about every 10 minutes or so. It has to be fairly quiet in the bar to hear it. I seriously almost hit the floor the first time I heard it. 

The place definitely attracts the hipsters, but there's also an older crowd of locals and trivia brings in a mixed crowd. Staff is friendly and prompt.
huh. i would definitely not call this a "scottsdale" type bar with that kind of crowd at all. i don't come often, but whenever i've gone it's been just good ol' beer drinking folk and/or the heavily tattooed crowd, and not skinny emo hipster tattooed... like

good meat and potatoes food, like bangers and mash, and englsih beers on tap like bass and such. service isn't spectacular. come to think of it, this bar is just so-so. i think i want to love it, cause it's a cool little pub, but it's just ok. yeah, you're better off going around the corner to papago.
I love BOP... Mostly for the food. I love eating here - it's slightly better than bar food and totally delicious... I've only felt ill after eating here a few times, but I can't necessarily blame the food for sure. I eat here regularly. Easily the best pub food around.

They took out one of the pool tables and gave it a recent coat of paint. It looks nice in there, but it won't really impress your friends. The bench seat cushions are blown out and some things about this place are starting to show signs of age. 

There are always a lot of regulars there, but they won't bite. They are always friendly and like to strike up random conversations with strangers - the staff is super nice as well. The crowd there has filled the digital downloading jukebox with good tunes so there's a good selection of inexpensive songs and there's typically something either really good or really odd playing.. 

There is usually sports (soccer) or news or adult swim on the televisions, but they'll probably put it to whatever you like. It's a really low-key bar. Don't go here if you want to impress someone with your new $200 designer shirt. I think if this place starts getting packed with a shit crowd, it won't be as worth going.

It's not the most british joint in the valley and the drinks aren't super cheap, but it's so inviting when you don't feel like dealing with the cramped space of TT Roadhouse or you want some grub. Plus, they carry Diet 7-up - nobody else really does that. Just don't tell anyone else they have it because that's what I drink when I go there.
I enjoy "the BOP" as my friend calls it on the same level that I enjoy pizza.  It's good, but it's not my desert island bar.  I go here to meet up with friends.  I've never been there on my own because let's face it.  I'm not likely to be caught dead trolling Scottsdale (even non-Scottsdale Scottsdale) by my lonesome.  The atmosphere is cozy and inviting.  Which kinda turns me off. I like my bars a bit seedier.  But if that's your thing then I'm cool with it.  I hear the food is pretty good for English fare, but hey who wants to waste time eating when you could be drinking?
"He is 175 yards from the hole, I think he will use a 6 iron" WAAAAACCCK...."it's in the hole, it's in the hole!" 

Yeah, yeah, golf is not my bag, but pubs and drinking are! Now this Pub was recently remodeled according to my newly found tourer de force friend. Now I say this because he seemed to have a lot of knowledge of the Non-Douche Areas of Scottsdale, and surprisingly there are a lot of nooks and crannies in Scottsdale that lack Douche-ness. So going here with a 4 some, 2 guys and 2 gals, was a good pairing, I can drive the ball, my date can putt, if I get stuck in a sand trap, she just happens to have a "sand wedge" in her back pocket.  The key to this place is going with the right people. It is set up to encourage talking, and not TV watching, or staring at the crowd. So pick your party of players carefully, and bring an extra bag of naked lady tees, you 'll need them. Overall this place is very cool, and chill. Speaking of chill they had 2 girls handing out Miller Lite Chill beer for free. I am not sure this is the Chill crowd, but they had lime green dresses on, low cut, and skimpy, so I am sure they made some chill friends. The best thing about this place is the discreteness, it's located in a somewhat boring plaza, where everything seems to be named simply for what they sell "Sub Shop" "Pizza", or "Korean Restaurant" The outside of The BOP, doesn't do the interior justice. It feels very pub friendly, warm, and cozy. It's a perfect place for a pint  or FOUR and conversation. Also, the remodeling was done in early 90's pub decor with a splash of 70's retro, so don't be afraid it's sold out. Just go check it out and enjoy. When you're done feel free to peruse the shops of Papago Plaza, Checkout "Just Shoes", or "Liquor Store, or even "Haircuts" It will give you something else to Yelp about.
Ok, who told me to get their Cottage Pie???(i think that is what is was called)  It was their version of Shepard's Pie.  I am going to be very blunt about this...it was the most disgusting thing I ever put in my mouth.  And I blame it all on that stuff they called gravy.  And there little side salad or cabbage that they had...was I supposed to eat that?  

Anyway, why I gave the BOP three stars is not because of their stellar service (which didn't exist) and definitely not for the food that I had there...I gave it three stars because I loved the atmosphere.  I love pubs like this: dark, a little dirty, a cheesy pool table, awesome music...it was a place where I knew I could feel comfortable all the time.  Next time, I may just get a drink....
No Yorkshire pudding...NO YORKSHIRE PUDDING?!?!?!

Other than this one serious omission from the menu, the British Open's menu is chock full of great English fare as well as a few tastes from around the world. I've been to B.O. twice now and have had great service and food both times. This last trip I had a nasty head cold so I got a bowl of Green Chile Stew (not something you'd normally expect to find at a British Pub, but I was most glad I did). Well, that green chile did a fantastic job of burning all the crap out of my sinuses and I was able to breath for a good hour afterward (one of many great uses for green chile). We also had the Sausage Rolls which we proceeded to drench with HP Sauce and devour. B.O. also has a great Bread Pudding!

The atmosphere is great, but I did notice one small problem. The place isn't very handicap accessible. There was a woman who came in while we were there who had just had hip-replacement surgery. There was no place she could sit at which she did not have to climb a step and it was obviously very difficult for her. After witnessing this I looked around and realized that there were no tables that would be accessible to someone in a wheelchair.
First impressions aren't everything. So, I feel entirely justified re-Yelping the British Open after having been here three times. Sometimes you need repeat outings to really get the full "feel" of a place, right? 

MY FIRST TIME:
The crowd was mixed. You could easily find yourself face-to-face with "creepy old guy" when you first walk in. At least I did. But, he's not "stalker creepy guy" so it's okay. I can deal with that. Apparently it's okay to have a baby in the bar, too. Startin' 'em young, I tell ya. 

On the jukebox: The Black Keys, Wilco, Freeze Pop, Sarah McLachlan.

The beer menu offered selections from various countries. Nothing on tap appealed to me, so I went with the Sam Smith's Nut Brown. Very good. I had never had it before. That is probably my beer of choice at the British Open. I'd like to try the Oatmeal Stout, too. 

I don't think I'd go out of my way to frequent the B.O. Pub. It's in an obscure and generic retail plaza. That doesn't bother me so much as the "mediocre" vibe I got while sitting at the table. I guess the British Open and myself just didn't "click." That's okay. Not every bar and myself can have that special kind of chemistry. It's an organic thing, I tell ya. It's Pub Kismet. 

* * *

SECOND HELPINGS:
(summary)

I sat at the bar this time. The service was faster. I perused the menu with my date and our friend. My date and I sampled a couple beers. I had the Whitbread Ale. It was okay. But... alas... COULD IT BE? Yes. It was Love At First Sip when I tried the Heather Ale from Scotland. This ale is aromatic and is made with lavender. Uhm, could you want anything else? I savored every sip and made the declaration that I love this pub for this ale alone -- and that I don't know if I can get this anywhere else. 

While at the bar, we got "troubled" to sign a petition to make St. Pat's Day a national holiday. For handing over our hancocks, we got free pins and pens. Nice. 

***

ST. PATRICK'S DAY:
(a short story of celebration)

As luck would have (luck of the Irish?), my friend and I touched on the British, Scottish and Irish in an hour's time - not to mention grabbed the last table when we walked in shortly after 5 p.m. 

We came to the BritOpen, for I wanted my friend to try the Heather Ale, and I selfishly wanted to be part of a celebration at what could pass as a St. Patrick's Day-friendly establishment. So, we sat among other St. Pat's fans, while we drank one of the best ales either of us has ever had. We got asked if we wanted to order a Killian's, since they were $2 and you'd get a free shot glass with your order. Plus a bag of malts to try. Interesting. After the Heather Ale, my friend ordered a Killian's at the bar, where they weren't handing out the freebies. Bummer. We did manage to track down a couple free shot glass - for what it's worth. 

We were about to leave when the Irish music stopped. We turned and saw a "band" of bagpipers and drummers and the like start playing outside the pub, framed in the open doorway. Then they walked through the crowd to stand near the jukebox/TV screen to play some songs. It was incredible! My friend said, "I feel like my homeland is calling." She is, after all, a beautiful Scottish lass. 

After their rendition of "Amazing Grace," we made our subtle exit. That's when I knew I had to re-Yelp this place. After all, bagpipes? Heather Ale? Good prices? Close to work and where I live?

Yeah, I will definitely be hanging out here again...and again... and again!

***
BEWARE: Their Sampler Plate is NASTY, with just a pinch of "meh." The pickles who WHOLE, not cut into chips, like the menu implies. The duck is inedible. Ick. The cod bites were the only decent things on the platter. I did enjoy the tarter sauce!
So, while searching for day drinking spots on Easter ( too many closed! ) we crawled into this pub.  I'd been here a few times before and few years ago, but never again since.  Had a great time day drinking and playing darts!  All the usual pub fare was there:
Fried foods and so on.....
Decent British beer selection, i.e. Tetley's, Guinness ( Irish, I know ), Smithwyck's ( Irish, I know ) and on...
But, I must say what got me was the great jukebox....WOW!
Styx, new Radiohead, Muse, Massive Attack, Portishead!!!!!
Super impressive....
Go for the beer, stay for the tunes!
Come and meet the letter people!  Come and visit the family!  Words are made of letter people!  ABCD follow me ....

Today meet Mr F!

Fried f'ing pickles, finicky friends!  This place can fill your fix of finger foods, especially if you fantasize about f'ing downing forty of this fabulous fare with their fantastic fancy remoulade fixing!  Sure, other food and fun can be found at this foundation, but freakin A, fried fucking pickles are the fundamental reason for frequenting this fencepost.  

Fancy a pint and a footy match?  Fish and fries (fine, chips)?  BOP's got a few of your fantasies covered.  

Its your fault if your feet aren't the first in the queue for this friendly pub.  Four stars!
I've been here a few times for beers and to hang out with friends.  I decided to be adventurous this past weekend and try the food.  Big mistake.  I got the nachos, which was nothing more than chips and nacho cheese sauce like you get at a ball game.  Runny cheese at that.  But on the bright side, my friend got the fish and chips, and they were very good.  Although why I thought that there will be good food at a British pub is beyond me...

Service has been hit or miss, and this time it was a big hit.  A waitress that came around often always checking up on us, which was nice since the place was pretty busy.  Plenty of varieties of beer to chose from, mainly your British and Irish varieties, but a few local microbrews thrown in for good measure.

The place has a nice crowd, mostly your somewhat funky types thrown in with a mix of your laid back Scottsdale type.  There are a few TVs in there (only one big one) showing the game and the alternative X-games stuff you find on Fuel TV.  They also have a small pool table crammed in amongst the tables, making it a little tough to play, and a Golden Tee machine.  All and all, great place for beers and hanging out, not the best place for a meal.
I cannot begin to explain the sheer excitement I feel knowing that I have yet to review BOP. I better take a deep breath.... 

...in.... out... in ... out... okay, I'm good. 

I love this place and it is so unexpected! I went to watch a friends band play next door at Chyro Arts and they invited me to BOP. I agreed thinking I was going to be miserable. But no. Not at all. This place is a freaking gem. 

Their food is SO FREAKING GOOD. The mac and cheese... omg... they have a bunch of food for veggies, which rules. 

I see from other reviews that they have pub quizzes and I am going to have to hit that up one of these days. 

The best part? They are at Scotts/McDowell, conveniently located 2 miles from my house. 

Oh, and the other best part, no yuppies. 


ONLY COMPLAINT ... the waitresses are a little slow.
I'm writing an update because I came for Trivia Night last night and had a BLAST!!!!!!!!! Every seat in the house was full, but the service was on spot and the vibe was killer.. 

I also found that that they have quite a few flavored vodkas, including pomegranate, so I was excited to try something new.

Again, the Mac and Cheese was SO good... I had two bowls. That's right, TWO bowls. What a pig. 

I think I will become a Tuesday night regular!
We use to visit this Pub 10 years ago because they had a nice English waitress and excellent fish and chips for the price.  However, we went back a few weeks ago and boy were we disappointed.  The price of the fish and chip dinner went up and they cut the portion in half.  No one assisted us in putting two tables together, we had to do it ourselves.  Two guests wanted a good English hot tea and they didn't brew it in advance, it was just thrown into a small metal tea pot and we had to ask for cream and sugar.  So we've decided there are newer and better places to eat fish and chips, especially up in north Phoenix.
Finding good bar food is like searching for the Holy Grail.  Sure it might be fun and adventurous at times, but too much adventure will probably leave you dead.  In a world of extra greasy food, good bar food usually falls under that category, when it really doesn't have to.  Grease is not a condiment, it never has been.  The more grease, the more you will feel is the next morning, while also nursing a wicked hang over.  In my never ending search and self destructive search for good bar food, I have stumbled upon the British Open in Scottsdale, Arizona.  

The bar itself is a mix of old English Pub, and golfer paradise.  Being that is called the British Open, one of the four golf major championships, I found that it completely fit the bill.  There is a nice size bar, that one can belly up to for a libation or meal, as well as a seating area that is a mix of half booths, and elevated bar tables.  The pool table that is basically in the center is more a waste of space than a commodity to drunken patrons.

To get in the spirit, I choose my next words carefully...Me mate and I found seats at the bar, while our bartender attentively welcomed up.  She asked if we wanted to drink, but being that I wanted to review the food, and not how much I can consume on a Saturday afternoon, I stuck to a Coke.  Actually I asked for a Dr. Pepper, but not too many bars carry that on the bar guns.

The menu is your typical bar food, with a mix of British delicacies (a term I use lightly.)  Wings, burgers, onion rings jumped out at me as I looked over the menu.  Being that I haven't had a good burger in a while, my choice was clear.  Started with an order of hot wings, and then the burger: Medium rare, with bacon...no cheese. 

The wings came out first.  The sauce was very basic and could even be called a little watery.  However, the flavor was not too hot, and had the right amount of pepper.  The wings were deep fried too, with no breading or batter.  We ate them with some joy, as we talked and watched football on one of the many TVs throughout.

The burgers came out soon after, with little wait.  Size wise the plate was just what you needed if you were going to have a beer with your meal.  No so big that you don't want to drink afterwards, but big enough to fill you up.  Cooked to a perfect medium rare, I enjoyed the burger enormously.    The side of fries was also cooked to a perfect golden brown.  And as the bartender kept our drinks full, and checked on us just enough, I can say that I was having a pleasant eating experience.

I do see myself going back to the British Open.  The food was great, with the exception of the wings (it could be a west coast thing) and the food was reasonably priced.  Also, I saw that they have karaoke on Wednesday, and I do like to sing.  Maybe when I come back I will get some beer, do a shot or nine and enjoy a new favorite place to eat, drink and be merry.
I ordered a Jack & Coke, ...they gave me a glass of flat Coke.  nuff said.
This isn't really a British place, by any reasonable account. Normally such places have a lot of atmosphere & beer offerings are skewed towards things British, but here it is virtually like any other bar. There's a few golf items here and there, and the menu is golf themed, but it's pretty much just an ordinary bar.

Guiness, Bass, Stella Artois, Hoegaarden, Weihenstephan, Newcastle, Smithwicks, a cider and others make the lineup of taps. No Fuller's, no Whitbread, not much at all that you would expect to find in a British themed place.

Fried food options basically, and it sets the aroma of the place as well.
Yeah...


Overpriced, greasy, and not really that British.

However, they have AMAZING Bread Pudding.

Simply incredible bread pudding.


A more detailed review...

Beer was way too expensive, service was slow, even for sitting at the bar, the fish fell apart, fries were cold and lumpy ( were not CHIPS), NO FULLERS.

The good? The relish served with the Ploughmans, and the bread pudding was amazing, warm, served with fresh nutmeg, awesome custard.

However, in the end, that's the only reason why this place gets a star.

Avoid this, pay less and get better food in Tempe, at Rula.
Ahhhh yes. The British Open Pub or the BOP as I lovingly call it. This is a frequent lunchtime spot during the work week. Without knowing specifically where it was, you might drive right past it too. 

The atmosphere is my favorite part of the BOP. It's usually a very relaxing place to be at lunch. I have never been there any other time, so I'm not sure if this always holds true. However, despite it typically being quiet at lunch, the service is usually pretty slow. I typically have to plan on a longer lunch than normal.

The beer selection is pretty good. I can always count on being able to have a Boddington's or a black velvet. As far as the food goes, it's pretty good, but not overly British and a little on the greasy side. 

I've noticed a few spelling errors on their menus from time to time too, which always annoys me.

Overall the food isn't the best and the service is slow but it's still an okay place to visit.
I had a really really great time here. We were seeing a show a couple stores down at Chyro Arts. All of us went in there and got beer and snacks. The sweet potato fries were excellent. I had them mix BBQ sauce and ranch together. it was a hit. All my friends loved it. Great bar food, great staff, and GREAT music was playing. No complaints!
A lil disappointed with the place. Love the decor but the place was dead, faint music and everyone just seemed out of it and zoned out, some zombie type movie, ya know?

The beer was definitely overpriced, as was their shots. Kinda wish I would have stuck around at Papago Brewery, and not migrated over to this spot. 

The staff of girls working were really cool and pretty upbeat but it could have been my $60 bill i racked up in a matter of an hour/hour and a half tops. 

Again nice staff but poor prices- not sure I'll be back, at least not for the drinks- I still wanna try their food tho.
Finally got down here to meet up with my girl and some of her pals (they come here all the time)... The drinks seemed reasonable. I didn't eat myself, but I saw a wide range of food at our table: salads, shepherds pie, pretzels and dip. Everything looked pretty good. They also have a couple pool tables, a jukebox, a long bar, and plenty of tables. 

Overall a nice, dark, dive bar with good grub.
This is a quaint little pub with great atmosphere. The beer selection is standard and the food pub-like but I recommend the sweet potato fries. The last time I was there the table next to us was freaking out over the fried pickles so we got an order of our own and they were all right. Definitely a good hangout place!
I will honestly keep coming back here as long as the same owner remains.  He is the nicest person ever!
Every time I've been there he's been around and he is just swell!  Very friendly, great recommendations (on or off the menu) and truly genuine.  

The food is tasty.  Last time I had the macaroni & cheese.  It was simple and f*&%#@$ cheeeeeeeeeeesyyyyyyy.  Heard the wine burger is just divine!!!
1. Beers on tap are European and good: Newcastle, Carlsberg, Guinness etc.
2. Above average to really tasty bar food.
3. A nice quiet place to hang out and talk.
4. Downside, not a good place to watch sports, small poorly positioned televisions.
If you are going out for beer than Papago Brewing in the same strip mall is a much better choice. But if you are looking for a true bar with liquor and beer than the British Open certainly qualifies.  Not a huge fan of the food with the exception of the fried pickles. Typical greasy pub fare. Darts and pool tables and a good juke box. Service is usually pretty good every time I've been in there.  Very dark and very much a neighborhood bar.
A group of friends and I tried it out (was my second time eating here) last week and we ALL got sick. We all had different things, and the food was greasy and gross. I do not recommend this place and I won't be back.
Yeah so I love pubs, especially ones of the British flavor, and we tried this out tonight and it was a pretty good fit for what were looking for...

Prices were reasonable, and as was the service.

I was extra stoked for River Monsters on the T.V. Quiet Riot, Radio Head, the Scorpions, and Motorhead all within a 30 minute period.  Newcastle on tap, and $2 PBR Pints means this place gets extra thumbs up from me.

Fish and Chips, Deep Fried Pickles all great English food, the whole menu looked and smelled good.

Proper Bar sized pool table looked like it was in good condition and seen some use...another good sign.

I do have two chief complaints though (otherwise this place may get five stars)....

They don't play, and didn't even know about the English Premiership league, and as such aired no football (soccer) games....How can you run an English pub without this...I don't know..... 

No taxidermy animal carcass gracing the walls.....again a classic touch that would have gone a long way in my book.

We went on a Thursday and it was pretty busy I'm sure this place get's hopping on the weekend....

A little bit hard to find and a bit of a hole in the wall, this place is for sure going on our regular list.
Only a little bit divey, this place has really good food! I have to admit, I've been known to walk over from Papago just to get some dinner.

So far, it seems I stick to the starter menu. Some of my favorites are the nachos ($6.95) which leads me to think the English Beer Cheese dip must be worth ordering -- note to self for next time! The mac n cheese ($3.95) is awesome and a bargain! 

There's a ton of delicious sounding items on the rest of the menu -- maybe someday I'll get past the starters and have a green chile burger or test the fish and chips. Heck, typing this I'm thinking of how much I dig this place and wondering why I don't go more often...  maybe working my way through the menu as a service to my fellow Yelpers could be a good excuse.  :)
Love it! No BS here! Just fun stuff, good music and good company!
MOST soccer (futbol) games can be played on the TVs, just ask your bartender! All new TVs BIGGER and Hi-Def.. Good beer selection!. Specials Daily. Happy Hour (3pm-7pm) and REVERSE happy hour (10pm-2am) Sunday-Thursday, Game requests can OFTEN be met.. We DO have Guinness, Boddingtons and PLENTY more! Literally, Its a laid back place, and for the most part, ASK and ye' shall receive.
I'm a big fan of this place after one of my buddies recommended it years ago. It's a little out of the way for me, but I usually find my way there at least once every two months for a Friday lunch.

Great atmosphere - a real nice pub, complete with jukebox, dartboard and a lot of really good beers to pick from.

All the burgers here are good, but my favorite is the Mulligan burger with American cheese. The ground beef is fresh and they will cook your burger to order based on your own personal preference.

The club sandwich or BLT are also good choices here if you like either of them.

This place may have one of the best appetizers I have ever had - the English beer cheese dip. It's essentially a spicy dipping sauce made with beer, cheddar cheese and red chili peppers served with freshly made pub chips.

They also now serve gigantic German-style pretzels with dipping cheese, as well. Not the healthiest choice - but who ever said pub food was good for you.

Check this place out for something different than the usual neighborhood bar, but be warned - when the World Cup is being televised, this place draws big crowds and is understandably busy.
We celebrated English New Year's at 5:00 PM at the BOP on Scottsdale Rd. The pub was welcoming, although the waitstaff seemed intimidated, not sure why we were pretty tame. The manager distributed hats and noisemakers had an offical count down to (English Midnight). It was nice to be home by 7:00 PM. The food is typical English food, heavy and greasy. The cheese dip is awful, velveta and soggy pitas,  but sandwiches were good. Nachos really? in England they don't serve nachos.
Love this place just for the environment and service.  They staff are really friendly and accommodating.  Food isn't great but they do keep the kitchen open till 2 am which is fabulous when you are sitting around drinking.
Keep your expectations low and you can't go wrong with this pub. Don't be put off by the slightly greasy menu with a few items crossed out with sharpie. There are plenty of delicious bar food dishes to choose from. Ignore the fact that the server is wearing an over-sized tank top and her hair looks a bit dirty. She is extremely friendly and will take good care of you. There is live music, and sure, he might be drunk, but he will have you singing along to his version of Tom Petty in no time. And if that isn't enough entertainment for you, they have darts, plenty of TVs, and a pool table, plus, just people watching can keep you laughing and ordering another round for hours.
Fish and Chips anyone? Had that and the quesadilla last night, both were delicious, but i'll admit I feel a little sluggish today. Place was clean, well kept, nice waitress. We went on a quiz or trivia night, so the mood was pretty mello. Tap beers seemed pretty standard for a pub. I will definitely go back for a nightcap as it is an easy walk from my house.
Stopped by for a quick light dinner. Went with a sampler appetizer to get a little taste of everything. Fried pickles (English call it a wally?) Was different but good. Also tried the pasties and it was good. My son loved them! Then he started throwing attitude for no reason so I took him so didn't get to try too much. Will have to come back and try more.

Oh, I believe the owner was sitting at the bar and came by with a slice of watermelon for my son after we ordered. That was cool. :)

Side note: owner reached out through my Yelp check-in via Twitter asking how my experience was. Knowing they care makes me automatically like the place that much more!
I really do enjoy my time every time I come here. This establishment reminds me of being back east, with its ambiance and vibe. I came here last week for my birthday and with good drinks, good food, and good company, I had a blast!! We had the crab dip, fish n chips, and bangers and mash. All of the food was quite delicious! What I like most about the open in the crowd. Yes, it is in Scottsdale, but it's not Scottsdale. The people who come here are down to earth, and not the uppity uptight pretentious people of Scottsdale, which I love. When you're here, you're family and everyone is willing to talk to everyone. And even the waitstaff is friendly and attentive. I wish I could frequent this place more often but I live rather far away. I will never have a problem if a friend suggests coming here for a night of drinking!!
What can I say, I like this place! A great selection of Import Beers, well made British food & a very authentic English Pub atmosphere. Have a Boddingtons on Tap, sample a cheese & onion pasty, soak in the atmosphere & say hello to the owner Greg. A really friendly bloke! 
British Open Pub is in the Same Strip Mall as Papago Brewing & well worth visiting while bar hopping in Tempe or South Scottsdale. Cheers!
Pipp Pipp Cheery-o ! It's a British Pub in Scottsdale! No, it's not RUBBISH! It's True! 
We went to this little gem and it really did reminded me of a pub in London, very cool. 

They had a great selection of beer, but they also have and amazing selection of vodka! All the Three Olives, except Mango, but who drinks that! STOLI galore and much much more! 

The place has a really laid back feel - I think it would be an amazing Happy Hour location! I didn't get to sample the food - but I saw some sliders go by that looked to die for! 

Definitely a place to check out!
i thought I'd found the perfect after-work watering hole. It combines my favorite aspects of a neighborhood pub - pool table, juke box, great beers on tap, fairly authentic Brit-pub ambiance, and a pretty good food menu. The waitstaff is nice, and it has a Cheers-like local atmosphere. The TVs with various sporting events is a great touch, too. I live in S. Scottsdale, and would much rather hang out at a place like this than say, TT Roadhouse (too cramped), Pattie's (too frat boy having his first beer-ish), Coach House (too full of it's own divey self), or a few others around here. I was thinking "4 stars".

Then I get home and notice they bait-and-switched me on a food item - Bread Pudding (very good, yes), it was $3.95 on the menu, and $4.95 on my bill (I'm really not cheap. it's the principle of the thing - charge what's on the damn menu, or change your menu. It's called "false advertising". Should I have made a stink about a buck?  She probably bet I wouldn't notice, which is all the more insulting). 

Also, the beers at happy hour were $4.25. Really? You guys can't do better than that? I know of a dozen places that do $3 pints and even less than that at the old HH. I mean, your place is chill, clean, service is good, but...come on. Oh, it's...Scottsdale. Duh. 

I'll come back someday, but I'm not in a hurry to.
Stopped in to the British Open again last night for a bit of food & a few beers.  Cheese & Onion Pasties & Toad in the Hole paired with Boddington's & Modus Hoperandi.  Great Pairings!  As usual a comfortable atmosphere, good service & always a good time!
This place has the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had.  Added tomato, mushroom, and lettuce for the win.  When next I go, I will definitely pay the extra $2 again for the home-cut fries or whatever they're called.  Vegetarian offerings are few--part of the 4 stars--but if you are looking for a decent selection of beer on tap and some delicious, semi-greasy pub food, this place is great.

I went there with two friends who had the fish and chips, which are apparently awesome.  At lunchtime it's pretty quiet, dark, and cool, so it offers a great escape from the hot, summer street.  Our waitress was very attentive and kind.
Came in today after work and friendly Matt the bartender was spot-on, which had me re-thinking this place. Yes, they are pricey, but damn it all if their pub atmosphere isn't just about perfect. I've tried their grilled cheese sandwich and bread pudding which were remarkable, and they have great beers on tap, so I know I will probably make this place a more regular stop, as it is directly on my way home from work, and I can forgive the initial oversight in my first review.

A great place to chill from the summer heat!
I also come here on Tuesday nights for their weekly trivia night! Best time to come and put your brain to work. The place is usually pretty popular for trivia nights but they do take reservations so you can save a space for you and your large group and not have to fight for spots each week or show up super early to save a seat. 

They run happy hour specials during this time to so you won't be breaking the bank if you don't win the trivia prize. They have plenty of good beers to choose from and the food is alright. Not amazing food but it's your typical bar/pub food. Because its so busy on these nights the service can be a bit slow but you have the trivia questions to distract you and plus the staff is so friendly you can't blame them.
Fish & Chips are very good but I did not care for the mac & cheese or the artichoke soup.  The mac & cheese reminded me of cheese sauce and the soup had waaay to much lemon.  The bar & seating areas are very clean, staff friendly but not bothersome and beer is cold- what's not to like about that?
How is it that I live so close to this place and never knew it was here?! Tucked around back of Papago Plaza sits this English Pub, which was our first stop on a bike crawl last night. This place has happy hour specials daily, and lots of seating at the bar. We rolled in with a big group and they were pretty quick to get everyone served with drinks and even had pitchers of water out to help yourself. I think my budlight was $1.75 on draft and my husbands 8.25% craft beer was $5. 
Next time I'll have to try the fish and chips!
our first stop on a bike pub ride. i've been here before and it feels like a bar. it's not crowded, there is not pulsating music playing. there is a pool table and lots of oak. it's a place for sitting at the bar, watching sports, and drinking. apparently they serve food, but we just stopped in for a drink. the fish and chips some other patrons were having looked pretty darn tasty though!

it's tucked away at Papago Plaza, not far from Papago brewery and right next to the cryo arts suite. they were more than willing to accommodate a large group of cyclists and even had water pitchers waiting on us. i did have a craft beer at over 8% alcohol and it was deeeeeelicious!
Had a great time on Friday night.  As my friend and I walked in she said it feels like a great place.  It had a warm and friendly atmosphere.  I don't remember the name of our waitress but she was great. We ordered beer first and I asked the waitress to surprise me with one she likes. That started off the fun.  She chose a very good one first, and an equally good one for the second and last.  My friend and I both had the fish and chips because we thought that would be a good choice for a British pub.  The dinners were very good.  The fish was battered just right, the. Ole slaw was perfect, and the french fries were not overdone. So the first time there was better than I expected and we will come back again and again.
Tl;dr-This place rocks!
I come to this bar time and again because of the awesome atmosphere, great service, and delicious menu. 
I hear bands like The Knife & The Xx playing here often.
The happy hour prices are always reasonable and the drinks never disappoint. 
There's Wednesday night Trivia! 
The food is on par with restaurant quality & the menu exceeds "bar food" expectations. The pretzel w/soft cheese is [housemade]amazingness.
The service is truly great, I feel as comfortable as a regular there. 
Awesome place!!
I decided on this place as I was looking for a place to try Trivia . And found many more reasons why I had a good time. The place has great energy, very good food, great service ( even though its slow, the trivia distracts you) . The size of the helpings is generous and the prices are reasonable.  I especially recommend the bread pudding. Will have to be back to redeem the slightly poor performance in the Trivia! ;)
You can always count on the British Open Pub as a great place to watch a sports game--you'll always have a TV available.

Maybe it's because it's sandwiched in the Papago Plaza is not always the most happenin' place.

But that doesn't mean you shouldn't give this spot a try. It's golf-themed, which is refreshing in a sea of Irish- and football-themed bars, and it has a large menu of both food and drinks. There are also daily specials in the kitchen.

For my meal, I got a house salad ($5.95) and macaroni and cheese ($3.95), which tasted just fine-nothing phenomenal, but they were pretty good as bar food.

My pal got the English Style Fish and Chips ($10.95), which came with peas-something I'm not used to seeing on many plates these days (thank gosh, because I hate them), but I guess they made the meal more authentically British.

And even though the bar wasn't crowded, the people who were there seemed to be really into watching the game that was on. It's also a family-friendly place, so there were a couple of families in addition to the 20-somethings-which included a big group who brought balloon noisemakers. The spot was proof that your experience is what you make of it, and thankfully for us, it was spirited but not uncomfortably cramped like some of the other places we visited.
Haven't eaten here in a while, I'm usually in for drinks.
Had the fish n chips. Not NEARLY as good as they were some years ago. I know they changed recipes. The fries were mushy in a bad way, and the fish pieces (2) needed to be bigger. The fish batter was thin and light, but these weren't even close to authentic British fish n chips. The chips had an "old oil" taste. Some people like that, and it's OK when the oil tastes a certain way to make the chips taste a certain way. Served with choice of peas or slaw, and tartar and ketchup. Worth 8 bucks, but not near 11.
I REALLY want to see an authentic British recipe here so the place will be the talk of the town. 

***************************************
The beer on tap is SUPER COLD!!! 
***************************************

ADDENDUM OCTOBER 2012:
A friend bought me some sausage rolls. 
They came out with 2 small containers of hot mustard, which I love. It's not Coleman's but close enough. The rolls contained nice large sausage, but the pastry outer needed to be MUCH thicker to be in proper proportion. Delicious sausage, but more pastry thickness would make them the best in the valley. And not only thick, but fluffy, not dense and dough-ey. Believe it or not, my favorite sausage rolls were the multi-frozen ones from Tesco!!

May 2013:
THEY ARE NOT SAUSAGE ROLLS ANYMORE BUT 4 OR 5 SLICES OF ONE.
THIS MADE ME SO GODDAMN MAD!!!
But since I'm a bit of a regular I'm saying my peace here after not getting much of a response from the staff in person.
7 or 8 bucks for a few mouthfuls??!!
WWWWWWWW
TTTTTTTTTTTT
FFFFFFFFFFFF

You're downgraded to 2 stars.

F
U
I'm still a big fan of the mac n cheese. Quite possibly the best in the Valley! Cheesy enough that you may have to twirl your fork when you grab a bite of the tangy, creamy goodness! 

I like the batter on the fish and chips but found the fish to on the tough side -- not my favorite.
This was my first pub experience in Scottsdale. A local Geocaching group had their monthly meeting here, and being 2 days into moving from NYC to Scottsdale, I looked to meet like minded folks.

They all extolled the virtues of the pub fare at the British Open, so I took em up on it and ordered an AWESOME french dip. Wow, it was delicious. The au jus was amazing. I chatted up the folks to my left and right and found that one of them was a cook at another local restaurant and said that I had to come back and try their other menu items. That is high honors, in my book so I did indeed come back here a few more times.

Each time tried another hot sandwich offering.  The price, is definitely right.
The only thing preventing me from giving British Open 5 stars is the service.

Its spotty at best. I don't feel that I ever had 4 or 5 star service here, the servers and bartenders need to be more attentive and NOT hang out towards the back of the bar (which is the service area).

If this place remedies this behaviour, then I may change my rating, however we shall soon see....
We eat a lot of pub grub and I was really happy with the meal we had at British Open. Visiting from out of town, we were starving and in need of sustenance (and maybe we were having a little culture shock as well). Yelp to the rescue! We stopped in here, and were really glad we did.

The server we had was really friendly and helpful, explained the menu and what she thought was really good, what was popular, etc. We opted for the fish and chips, and also for the hot and spicy beer cheese dip. Mostly we just needed a little pick me up before going to dinner with the folks. Well, we really wound up eating two dinners, because the portions were very very generous here! 

The fish was tender and perfectly cooked, battered to perfection. The chips were hand cut from real potatoes and perfectly done. The cheesy dip was really good. Carby, starchy, yummy, this was hangover food, or "I just walked around a horse show in the sun for 4 hours" food, and it set us right up. 

I was really charmed by the atmosphere. We liked it so well we sent our friends there for lunch the next day, and THEY liked it so well they went back for dinner.

Two thumbs up, five stars, we will come back here again when we're in town. It is a go-to kind of place.
Pretty cool place.  A little hole in the wall bar.  Had a fun time with friends but we had to move tables because they were about to start trivia night.  Man those guys take that seriously.  It was packed with trivia people!!!
Quirky place with great food and some friendly and talented mixologists behind the bar. I'm generally more a craft beer guy, and the selection has dramatically improved over the years. I was told it was the best fish and chips in the valley when I moved here, and I can't disagree. Hopping some night, fairly quiet on others.. always a fun stop. My only complaint is that lack of space makes the pool table more a decorative item than anything.
Have been here many times, but this is my first review. Surprisingly, this review was based on a work lunch I had here a week ago instead of the dozen previous visits I've had. Went on a Thursday at about 2pm and the bartender (Lyndsey) was great. Let us know what was good on the menu and was very attentive. The food was good and timely, and we were well taken care of. The regulars were hanging out and they were funny and added character. Harp on tap always sucks me in. Overall, it was a very enjoyable time, mostly because of the bartender Lyndsey. Mostly because she actually schooled my ex-bartender friend on drinks and their ingredients. I will go back again, no doubt. As a matter of fact, I am going there tomorrow night for a friends birthday party. I'll update this post appropriately after that time. My only reason for not giving this place 5 stars, is their lack of a smoking area/patio. I get that they're in a strip mall and that isn't an option, but as a cigar smoker, it would be nice to relax on a patio and smoke a stogie instead of stepping outs front to sneak a cig for 5 minutes.
I really dig this place. I came in here had the fish & chips which were great. I also got a Stella on tap which was ice cold. The service was amazing, probably some of the best I've ever had.
BOP is a Monday night tradition for me. Great atmosphere. Amazing service (especially from Wendy). And the rotating menu makes me excited to come back. I always feel welcomed by whoever is behind the bar. And, the bar isn't littered with college hipsters or sports fanatics, despite it's vicinity to ASU. Sometimes I feel like BOP is Tempe's best kept secret.
I was in town for a wedding and came here for lunch.  I ordered the fish and chips and they came out super hot and super fast.  Really good batter on the fish, like they do in Scotland and the fries were awesome.  Best of all, the bartenders/cooks Mike and Jimmy were awesome and a lot of fun to talk to and very knowledgable on their beers.  Best fish & chips I've had in America. So good.
Cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Get the English Sausage Rolls and side of cheese! Too die for! 

I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars for fear that word will get out about the gem of a dive bar. I've never been disappointed by any of the food or drinks we've gotten there. We go regularly for happy hour or late night hangouts. The bartenders are always friendly and they work hard to earn those tips for sure. It's never very crowded and the regulars are a hoot.
My wife and i came in for lunch on a Friday afternoon. There were six people in the bar. The service was very slow. It took over 15 min to get a beer

I had the fish and chips. The fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well.  

My wife had the cottage pie. This came very dry as well. There was no gravy at all

Overall i dont think we will be back here any time soo
The concept of a golf themed English pub in the desert is so foreign to me that I just had to come here. I had a Boddington and the jalapeno cheeseburger (cooked traditionally English style). The burger was nothing special. Wouldn't have it again, but would have the onion rings. Holy crappers Batman, are they huge. 

I kinda liked the style the place is set up, and even I am not aspiring to become a regular I will come back here when I need a place to have a beer and a conversation.. and possible some ginormous onion rings. The service is nice enough and the place seem clean. When I was here the clientele make up was of the standard regulars, a Led Zepplin listening couple to my right, and a girls-night-out table with 4 girls further in. The atmosphere was nice. 

Come try this place.
Loved this place! 

I ordered the fish and chips and they live up to the "raves" on Yelp!  The batter was not at all over powering and gave just the right bit of crunch.  Loved the hand cut fries as well...doused in some yummy malt vinegar and a big helping of some hard cider...I was happy!
My lodge has been frequenting British Open for a couple of years now on Thursday nights--anywhere from 4 of us to 15 or 20 of us-- and usually no earlier than 9:30 pm sometimes 10:30 pm -- and what I wanted to say is --the wait staff is always ready for us -- the kitchen is always open even tho its late-- they have a reuben sandwich that is going to be legendary it is so good -- one of our guys always gets the soup -- whatever it is --and its great -- their fish and chips, Wallys,,, and even the full entrees ( at 10pm) are all great --- the crowd is eclectic there are everything from tattoos to neckties -- a professional staff ---and oh,,,a ton of different beers on tap--- 5 star English Pub !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I know my friends like this place.  But to me the service was lazy and veryy slow. Gnats flying all around, and the soda was flat.  The waitress said it wasn't.  No paper towels in the bathroom.
A very fun bar to be at.  No complaints.
By far my favorite dive in Scottsdale! Morgan and Wendy are the best bartenders in town. If you're in Scottsdale, you've got to try out the BOP!!
This is a great bar.  It has a 2 levels and the staff there is great.  $3 Coronas are a pretty good deal.  Good mix of people.  There food is good, but nothing to write home about.  There are two pool tables (which are normally open) and a air hockey table if you want to drink and play games at the same time!  Great atmosphere and it's outside so it's a different feel than most other bars.  Dos has a great mix of music and doesn't just place the dance club hits.  Great bar.
Big bar in the heart of Tempe.  The guys tend to love it for the cheap Corona.  I like it for the atmosphere so long as it is not too packed with underaged college kids.  It is a pretty open space and it almost feels like you are in a warehouse.  The bartenders have heavy hands, which is always a plus when you are a vodka person, like I am.  Great place to go hang with your friends in your flip flops and tees.  Cool, chill, laid-back...just like I like it.
$3 Coronas ALL OF THE TIME. 

If I lived closer to it, this would be a regular hangout for me. It's big and airy and open, but has a dance floor that I even stomp on occasionally (see above: $3 Coronas). 

It's a good spot to people watch or party in a big or small group. It's as laid-back as its Scottsdale location, with even more of the simplicity and openness that makes the whole thing work.
OK, this isn't stellar mexican food, but pretty darn good drinking snacks, and they're cheap.

this place used to be a dumpy little mostly outside bar right across the street from ASU (i spent many a lunch break doing homework in the sunshine, corona in hand...that was financial aid well spent). anyway, the bathrooms were always flooded, trashed and had crooked saloon doors in one stall a shower curtain for privacy -you can imagine how many drunk girls ended up seeing your goods on a friday at 130 a.m.

but that's neither here nor there, because NOW they have this huge, brand new building on 8th street, just off of university and rural. i mean HUGE. it's again, mostly outside, and the two-story open air building is centered around a courtyard that for years has this fountain in the middle with no water. i think the idea was to have a shallow swimming/soaking area for drunk girls to be talked into skinny dipping in but it just never came to fruition, alas, they threw some bar stool around it and a counter and made an extra pit stop for $3 coronas (used to be $2 coronas at the old locaion, boo).

it's a pretty rowdy college crowd here, you've been warned!

update:
just went there last night for happy hour... coronas are $2 for HH. really, really, really cheesy crowd for a HH friday. and you can bring your dog here during the day, after the sun goes down, pups gotta go, though. their motto is "a great place to day drink." i'll say i agree.
Dos Gringos is definitely bringing trashy back.  And I think the whole trailer park theme has really gotten the best of them.  Two cases in point.

A) Drinks are EXTREMELY weak.  They give you tall glasses, but have very thin pours of liquor.  Thinking maybe it was the vodka, we switched to rum, but alas, the trailer park was just being cheap. 

B) The vomit stench wafting from the mens restroom really takes the trailer park theme a little too far, right?  After I reported to staff that puke was all over a men's urinal, it was still there an hour later.

Doesn't that make you yearn for the good old college days??

Granted it was a Sunday afternoon and all, and the DJ and crowd was fun.  A definite fun place to day drink, and bring the pooch.  Call me an old-fashioned prude, but the puke-fest and sucky drinks kind of killed the mood.  And believe it or not, I didn't have the appetite to try any of their award-winning tacos.
I was  terribly bored my only visit here. AN OK band and way to many Frat boys, being, well Frat boys. Just think, one of these guys might lead the country one day, o my. You can actually make money by drinking there: twice while at the bar I witnessed the bartenders ask if the customer paid with a $20. I immediately got a 5 out, o, please ask me.
Dos Gringos is one of the more popular Tempe college bar and it's usually packed with co-eds Wednesday through Saturday. It's easy to see why the two-story bar is a favorite among the college crowd. The drinks are cheap (beers and margaritas are about $3) and the food is pretty good. I recommend the Rocky Point Tacos (get the steak). 

Be prepared for a side of obnoxious however. The bar is known for body shots and you're sure to see this in the later hours of the night. Hey, ASU wasn't named one of the top party schools in the nation for nothing!
Typical college bar.  Have never been there at night, never want to go there at night...

Average average average.
Boobs and Bros.  The 2 guitar players jammed on a tune they called "the boobie song".  We stopped by for a drink after taking the dog for a walk.  Your usual college crowd engaging in debauchery.
Why did I give this place 5 stars?  Cuz of the 50 cent Coronas. Delicious!
Until recently, the only time I went to Dos Gringos Trailer Park was to partake in the beloved ASU tradition of drinking 50 cent Coronas until I can no longer walk. At which point I begin yelling at random strangers headed to the bar that if they get me this time I'll get them next time. C'mon It's just 50 Cents! Corona Light Please! 

However, after graduating I regretfully had to get one of those things that tends to severely limit my mid week drinking binges. You know...a job. It's just not as fun to get hammered when you know you're running the risk of being above the legal BAC on the way to work in the morning at 8 am. Oh I've seen it happen! 

So now I've been more of a happy hour, weekend day drinking Dos Gringos customer and let me tell you it's much more enjoyable to drink beers (even if they do cost more than a dollar) in an actual chair...a barstool even. It's also nice to not have to watch where you walk all the time as to avoid the puddles of vomit on the ground. And you don't have to worry about those annoying drunk girls who scream at you to "get" them this time cuz the coronas are only 50 cents! I mean, geez, I'm not made of quarters over here!

As far as drink and food specials go, Dos Gringos is pretty solid and I'm surprised they're not busier for Friday Happy Hours. It's impossible to sit down at most bars in the area at that time, but there's always a few barstools and tables open over there. Last time my boyfriend and I wandered in at about 6:50, planning to get a couple happy hour drinks but were fine (obviously) with paying full price for the rest. Our awesome bartender basically saved us 10 bucks by throwing 6 beers in a bucket of ice for us, all 6 at the $2 price, and then making sure she came around quickly enough for us to put in some tacos before they went up to full price as well. We got 6 beers and 8 tacos for less than 20 bucks. It was glorious. 

I'd recommend going for the cheap drinks and the great patio, just stay away from Thursday nights if you don't want vomit on your shoes.
We ended up here Saturday afternoon as we waited for the ASU tailgating scene to get going (which it never really did).  $2 Coronas on a game day + beer pong were still a winning recipe.  Sure you play the beer pong with water in the cups (state law?) but the drinks are still waiting tableside for the losers.  Random fact: if you win your beer pong game, you can sign the table.
Location: Awesome.

Downscale, intentionally shitty and cheesy, decent food, excellent happy hour, set up like a giant courtyard,  the perfect place to get sloshed outside in the AZ summer. Or winter. Or whenever.

Plus, think about it. It has the words Gringo and Trailer Park in it's name. 

What could possibly go wrong?
If you like coronas and ASU chicas then this is a very handy place.

The day time is fun, the night time gets a little packed.  Food is ok not great.   Your not really coming here though for the food...
I cannot believe I am giving Dos Gringos 5 Stars, but you better believe I am. Why, you ask, is this Cenpho junkie giving an EXTREMELY Tempe bar five stars? 

1. The one and only fight I have ever been in took place here. (yes, I won) 
2. I got trashed the other night for $5. 
3. You are inside and outside at exactly the same time. 
4. They have ample bathroom stalls in the women's restroom. 
5. There are bowls of limes on the counters. I hate asking for lime. 
6. I get hit on at least three times before I finish my first drink. 
7. They have live music. 
8. You can get molested in public without being arrested 
9. I always get carded.
Last night, after deciding Four Peaks was too busy for after hike beers, we headed to Dos Gringos which was much less busy...

Not sure why it was not more busy, the layout of this place is great (as Amber W. notes half inside/half outside).    The bartenders were extremely attentive and kept filling out water glasses  without asking as well as our cheap ($2) coronas (thirsty from the hike :)).

The clientele was diverse even though right by ASU (not just college kids).

Definitely a fan!

Very impressed!
Yes, I am giving this place 1 darn star!! Let me explain why..
Thursdays, 50 cent drinks until midnight.. nice.. but NOT worth it!
First off, it's so packed! And sweaty! 
Everyone is totally s*faced and there is always bound to be drama!
I got kicked out of there once when I was not even making a scene, ugh.. 
My phone was stolen there, seriously, why??
My mp3 player was stolen there.. wtf?
Some guy stole MONEY from me there and no one did a thing when I told security. 
The guys there look like they all have two baby mamas and live at home.
There are always random fights breaking out. 
I don't know, I'm sooo not into this place, it was a true nightmare and I'm scarred for life from my experience there.. be careful everyone!
I came here because I was in desperate need of an alcoholic beverage. I was actually trying to find 4 peaks, and ran into this place instead.  I pulled up and noticed that its not like the other places out there.  Colorful, eclectic, with an island kind of feel.  Very open and airy.  There seemed to be a college kid aurora, but I did notice a few adults there drinking as well.

Place is colorfully decorated, with great drink prices.  I guess they serve food too, but I didnt eat here.  Great alternative to your typical place.
ok so AMber M. put it perfectly! Im lovin' on this place.. I usually go to Dos in Chandler... its def a lil more calmer, but I decided to try this place out last Thursday nite, went w the sister in law...  ended up having a blast, got drunk off of 50 cent Coronas, and had tons of fun dancing along w the dj's music... lots of guys, lots of girls... everywhere you looked peeps were having a blast and it was only Thursday nite... all I could think to myself, was why Ive never been out on a Thursday nite before!?!
Well, I debated writing my review for this place because it happened a few years ago but I still boycott it to this day so here goes. I went here to meet some friends and bought a quesadilla. Nothing special but still good. I paid with my debit card and tipped the waiter $1 on the receipt I was given to sign. After looking over my checking account a week or so later I discovered that my tip had magically gone from $1 to $7.00! Now, ordinarily one would think there was a mistake in my handwriting however, I had also totaled the amount on that same receipt for the cost of the food and the tip so there was no way my math was off by $6.00. 

I contacted the bar several times and gave them copies of my receipt that I signed and they did nothing about it. They never returned my calls or offered to refund the money. How big of a deal do you make over $6.00? I gave up but vowed to never return to this place again. If you do go, do NOT under any circumstance use a debit or credit card and if you do watch your bills like a hawk for unscrupulous accounting errors.
We hit this place after being at Dos Gringos the night before and it was not of the same caliber.  We were one of only a few people in the place, so it is hard to say if it is a cool hang out place.
We came out to this restaurant as part of the package for the IU Insight Bowl game a few years back.  The place was really cool looking on the inside nad almost all outdoors, but in an area like Arizona you don't need to worry about snow.  It was a fun atmosphere but I don't think they were ready for the IU faithful, while we were there they ran out of Miller Lite, Coors Light and Corona.  It was a fun place but hen IU goes to another bowl in 20 years make sure you order more beer.
Not too shabby lunch deals. NOT DOS GRINGOS ANYMORE.  NOW CALLED ROCKY POINT CANTINA. I dug it. $2 coronas and tacos. looks really cool inside.
I would never in my life eat here. When I was there for their nighttime activities and people were throwing up I couldn't help but think...why oh why would anyone want to eat here. No offense but it was dirty and seemed like a sleazy place where younglings hang out to behave like they would in Mexico. And, how are girls supposed to get dressed up for a place that literally has a floor made of dirt. This would be one of my last options if I wanted to go out. Especially since I don't drink beer and that seems to be there most popular special. I did go to the one in Chandler though and it was soooo much cleaner! I liked that one much more!
This place is closed and this page needs to be taken down. The new place: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-point-cantina-tempe
Cave Creek has its share of cowboy/steak/country-music/rib/fried-chicken touristy type places.  This is no exception.  It is the best of the lot though, and not a bad choice if you're in the area.  The beer garden has live music many nights and can be a chill hangout.  You'll be amongst cowboys (the real deal), wealthy folk from the area, and an eclectic mix of other bar friends.  Inside you'll find families and tourists for the most part.  Don't come here expecting exceptional food -- it just ain't gonna happen.  Ribs and chicken are staples and hard to go wrong with.  Just be careful of that chili beer... Heather L. says it best - "it tastes like someone took a bottle of corona and filled it with table pepper".
When I was a kid, this place was awesome.  Now.... much less so.  It has kept some of it's flair, but unless you're from the Midwest and just stepping off of a bus onto their property, you most likely won't be impressed.  While the food isn't bad, as others have mentioned - it's priced for the tourists.  Last time I was there was maybe... 8 months ago? We had a friend in who had remembered it from a prior trip.  Even they commented that the prices seemed to have gone up.  And in the 8 months since we've been back, I'm sure they've gone up yet again.  

While this is the best recognized place in the area, I'm sure it's getting pressure to sell out if it's not making enough profit.  So many of the other awesome spots in the area (Jackalope, Tree-house) have had to sell out and change over the last few years. And the land prices are just going higher and higher.  So while I kinda "get it" about why they need to keep prices up to survive, I feel like I'm getting less for my money each time I've gone.  

If you've got a friend in from another part of the country - bring them on out.  Make it part of a trip to see some of the other spots in the area.  But think of it more as a Cave Creek historical visit than a place to be overwhelmed with entertainment and/or food value.
Fun place to take friends visiting with their kids.  Thought the food was ok, but then again doesn't seem like food is really the point...it's all about the funny t-shirts and the funky atmosphere.

If you go, then would recommend taking advantage of current  $10 all-you-can eat specials (mains only, so will have to pay extra for side salads, etc) with bbq beef ribs on Monday,  fish fry on Friday and fried chicken on Sunday.  Otherwise the menu was surprisingly pricey.

Had the all-you-can-eat beef ribs and thought it was solid with portion so generous that I couldn't take them up on the offer for refills.  Really liked the fries that came with it.  But should have skipped the salad bar.
Oh.  I kinda feel like a tourist after reading some of the other reviews here, but there is no denying that this place is badass.  

Shoot, any place that serves mason jars of homebrew, presented by a gruff, female bartender is kool-n-the-gang in my hypercritical mind.  Though, the only place I can imagine getting the full value of this spot is up on the teetering, wobbly stools along the long-worn wooden bar.  Don't be afraid to light up a square, as smoking actually appears to be encouraged here.  Score one for the bourgeoisie!

I was most impressed with their Bock beer, which I happened to go apey over, since brewing Bock and serving it at a friendly watering establishment is a genuinely got-damn rare event, so i had a few of those.  It was good.  Slightly thinner than the normal Bock I drink, but tasty nonetheless.  

I didn't try the food, and to be honest, I don't know why one would come here expecting anything other than crappy Az-Mex, but people were eating it and seemed sated by it.  

IMO, just come here to catch some sunset/evening brews before or after you hit up El Encanto.
Forget it.

As a child, my parents and I would make the drive out here once a month to eat. I loved it. I remember it being almost 'grandma's house' friendly. I don't remember much about the food, but I've been back a few times more recently (before the change in ownership) and loved it.

But then some very shady things happened and the business was essentially stolen from the long-time owners. I shamefully say that I've since been twice. It's not the same by any means. There's no soul in the (albeit basic, no fancy stuff here) food preparation. It's a cold atmosphere, as well. And the atmosphere used to BE the place. There are a few other decent places around. Avoid the new Satisfied Frog.

It's sad. Well, according to the website, the previous and rightful owners have a new place up in Black Canyon City. I'm hoping to be up that way some time soon, with any hope the old atmosphere has been transferred.
On another hog ride me and my pops had to try it, we rode by this add-on/ expansion designer nightmare for some brew and fried treats. 

The food was okay, little over priced, but i guess the owners feel tourist attractions deserve to make the big bucks?

 If you like country fried steak this is yet another place to get it. Nothing new its still the same old fashioned breaded and fried gravy mess, but so good! 

Oh well if you come at all make sure you see the dude on the honky tonk piano. A must see! Not sure ifs he's still playing there. make sure to call to see when hes playing, if he is.
This is a tourist stop.  Story has it, that a husband and wife opened the Horny Toad and then they divorced and the one who didn't keep the Toad, started the Satisfied Frog.  How quaint!

It's a fun place, but nothing special.  Fun for kids and retired people.  If you don't fall into those categories, press on to DC Ranch in north Scottsdale.

The food is bland and the Bloody Marys are not consistent.  You can do better.
Well, I had to give it three stars because I'm biased by all my visits with the family growing up. I do however, have to agree with Paul. My parents used to always take family from out of town here, and back then it seemed to have a lot more character then as of late. Maybe it was because I was a kid and I wasn't paying but upon returning as a grown up it just wasn't as much fun...
Really liked this place when we went there. Sorry to hear that it is closed.
This place was good in it's day but has closed and now REOPENED down on Bell Rd in Phoenix. Great food, terrific drinks and nice people. The same original good food in a  new place. give it a try - you'll enjoy as much as we do. It's a weekly place for us.
OMG!  This is THE BEST food for a strip mall, non-descript bar and grill in the universe!  Yes, the universe!  The motto on the door as you walk in states: "Warm beer, Bad food"....NOT!!!  This place has it all: GREAT FOOD, GREAT, FRIENDLY SERVICE and incredibly reasonable prices.
You just can't go wrong here with anything on the menu, but you must have the all-you-can-eat Fresh Fried Fish!  
My family took me here on my first night here in Phoenix and I can't wait to go back!  I ordered the fried fish dinner with fries, coleslaw and 2 home-made sauces for the fish: a cucumber-dill tartar sauce and cocktail sauce which isn't afraid of horseradish. Other party members ordered the all-you-can-eat pork chop dinner (every Thursday nights special) with mashed potatoes and gravy, coleslaw and dinner roll .  Sweet Mother of God, this food is good!  
The service is so friendly, I felt like a member of the family there!  Our waitress, Debbie, was so attentive and just so personable, I feel like adding her to my Christmas card list!
Now, I have to tell about the dessert....are you sitting down?  Okay, they make these brownie bites they lightly deep fry and serve with warm caramel sauce.  Yes, I said, deep fry!  These caused me to nearly faint from a foodgasm.
It needs to be said that the deep fried foods are NEVER greasy. The oil is absolutely fresh and nothing is cross-fried...the fish is fried separately from everything else and it seemed the brownies had their own fryer too.
It is definitely a local place with the customers well known and well taken care of and I'm sure a weekly, if not nightly destination.
I can't wait to go for Monday's special all-you-can-eat Chicken Fried Steak dinner!
Oh, my Weight Watchers leader is going to spank me when I get home, but it was worth the extra points/pounds!
This is another one of those places that you would typically miss when driving by in your car, or even if you were stopped at a light right there on Olive, possibly even if you were sitting at a bus stop across the street. It has blank concrete and glass facade. But inside, it's like Cooter's garage, but cleaner, and way bigger.

I was a bit fuzzy when my friends dragged me in here, but I seem to recall high ceilings, neon, and aluminum signs. But I could be wrong. 

I definitely remember that I utterly devoured a platter of hot, fried shrimp served with a nicely spicy, horseradishy cocktail sauce, and that our server was so sweet. 

I've heard that their Friday fish fry can't be missed. Judging from those shrimp alone, I'd say that's probably very true.
Okay, based on the food alone I would give the Q 4 stars.  Good fish which isnt greasy and is worth the trip there.

The decor on the other hand is terrible.  I am a vegetarian (that eats fish obviously) and was pretty freaked out with all of the stuffed dead animals hanging all over the restaurant.  Like big bears and all kinds of heads right over your table, it was too much.

Also, after leaving here, everything you are wearing and your hair smell like fish, even the next morning so you have to shower after you leave.  I might have to try take out and give it another review.
Q Bar and Grill is nowhere close to home for me.  However, most of the people I spend my time with live in the Glendale area and I have been in need of a reliable place to stop in for a drink on the Westside.  What I've found is A LOT of dives (but not in a good way) OR big name resturaunts with bars in them and ridiculously over priced drinks.  Last night I refused to do the whole "where do you wanna go, I dunno" back and forth convo so I yelped before leaving the house and it didn't let me down. 

This little gem is so hidden- my cousin who lives 1/2 mi away didn't know it was there.  We walked in and the place was packed!  My cousin and I barely squeezed in at the bar.  It smelled like yummy fried shrimp inside.  This place has a "margaritaville" type decor.  It's a little tacky but hey, I'm there have a good time, not buy home furnishings.  The drinks and food were very inexpensive, we got our drink on for 3 hours then split a selection of fried veggies $37 + tip, cheap night out.  

The service was great!  Very quick bartenders, cute but not bitchy which is a rare find in the bars around our lovely city. 
I always like to comment on the restroom when I go to a place because I'm not a big fan of using public restrooms and I know I'm not the only one out there.  I can't say they were that great.  Dirty and dated.
I really wanted to like this place. It' got a dark, quirky atmosphere that reminded me of a little hick bar up in the mountains.   We had heard about it from a friend, and the reviews were pretty good, so we thought we'd try it for lunch a few Fridays ago.  I guess our first mistake was not getting the fish- that's what they are famous for.  But we had gotten the zucchini/mushroom basket and didn't care for the breading (too greasy) so we figured the fish wouldn't be all that great.  I ordered the rueben sandwich, and all I can say is it was the strangest one I've ever had.  I don't know if it's because the grill might not have been clean or what, but the meat tasted exactly like a shredded hot dog.  I know that sounds weird, but that's the best description I have for it.  But the beer was ice cold, and the waitress was feisty, so that scores a couple of points in my book.
This place is right across the street from my parent's house and though I used to live there a few years ago, I never once was interested in going in. It's in a strip mall so it's not very easy to spot. My fiance likes coming here with his buddies for dinner during his Guys' Nights. He always came home smelling like fried food so I was never curious in the slightest sense to come here. He brought me home some Thai Chile Wings after a night out with the guys and I found those delicious, but I still couldn't get over the smell of fried fish every time he came back from this place. He and some friends dragged us here after a day at the shooting range. I was still skeptical when we walked into the bar, but was pleasantly surprised after trying their food. Their buffalo wings were good. I had the spicy beef sandwhich, which I couldnt finish because it was fairly big. The nacho cheese made it somewhat messy, but delicious nonetheless. My fiance loves the Buffalo Burger here. The beer came out nice and cold and the waitress was very friendly and constantly came back to check on us. She knows the guys by now because they come in so often so they had a little fun banter back and forth. Left here smelling like fried fish, no doubt - even though no one at our table had any fish. THat's really my only complain about this place, but I have to admit I really enjoyed the food. Very casual, good food, friendly wait staff. The Mr. wont have to drag me to come here again! :-P
Yay! I think I finally found a cool dive bar close to work to frequent. I stopped in a couple of weeks ago for an early happy hour/quick bite to eat. I was a little nervous about ordering food from the appearance of the outside of the bar. My kind of place to drink, but not necessarily to eat. The inside looks better, but still dark and bar like. I asked to see the menu and was surprised to see the selections, and even more surprised by the pastrami sandwich I had. It was tasty. The best part was the bread, grilled to perfection. I would definitely recommend a cocktail and a bite to eat at the Q. 

I wasn't there long enough to give it a 5, so I'm going back today to try it again. If you drive by that area, stop in and give it a try.
Great little Bar & Grill.  a real Dive.  I loved it!  The place was packed but we walked right in and found an empty table.  We ordered the "All you can eat fish" and it was on our table before we knew it.  The wait staff was very friendly and prompt.  The drinks were cold, served quickly, and inexpensive.

I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a "Mom & Pop" type place full of locals.
Went here over the holidays w/my parents, sister, and parents' friends.  This place is definitely a dive.  Good, relaxed atmosphere.  They had a Hawaiian breeze drink special that night--those were good and reasonably priced.  I had wings for dinner--they were mediocre.  Not too spicy.  I am kinda picky about my wings.
I really like the grilled cheese with the green chilies. Great bar food but you WILL smell like fish fry when you leave so not great for a date night unless you are already in that comfortable stage. Oh and the corned beef is stellar too.
Surprisingly good food for a dive bar. The all-you-can-eat fish fry is their specialty and we get it often. I do think it is priced a little high, but if you eat a lot, it's worth it. Their coleslaw is the best. Pastrami sandwich is great and so are their fries. Nothing fancy, just cold beer and good food.
I have been going to  Q's for over ten years. When I went to Alaska, I thought the fish would be better than Q's, but it wasn't , same in Seattle, San Fransisco, Bosten. I am still waiting to eat fish as good as Q's makes. I LOVE THIS PLACE.
Lived by and drove by this place for many years, didn't know such awesome fish could be served in a hole in the wall place, the Pollack is amazing, my go to place for all you can eat fish on a Friday night... 
Staff is very friendly and prompt...

~~~~~~~~UPDATE~~~~~~~~~~

Very very very disappointed with this place,  the pollack was awful,  the more pieces I got the worse it got, the fries were like pieces of rubber.
Will probably never go back
Great fish I grew up in the Midwest and this is as close to a mom and pop bar and grill as you get love the rustic cabin feel will defiantly be coming back.
its a good place for  awesome fish fry all you can eay on friday nights.yummy, so if you are in the mood for fish drop by.
Well, they have booze.  So it can't be that bad.
This is a true neighborhood pub, its just a narrow room probably smaller than Paris Hilton's walk-in closet, but offers all the services and products that you could ask of your bar, such as an electronic dart board, juke box, television, a pinball machine, a variety of sundries including cigarettes, candy, OTC medications, a great menu of pub grub and, of course, lots of booze. Its mostly if not exclusively frequented by regulars and the ambiance is friendly and familiar. The burger in this joint is great and is well-known throughout the Near-Eastside area. Its a thick and juicy hand-pressed patty, but the secret is the diced grilled onions.
This is Wisconsin, in bar form.
Every time I visit Madison, I stop by for them tasty home made juicy greasy hamburger packed with that one-two, fat-and-cholesterol punch.  The magnificent hunk of patty is served  between soft buns with lettuce, tomato, and onion and your favorite fried dish on the side. I must give my fair warning to you cheese imperialists out there, and I know there are plenty of you - the curds are frozen here.  But gosh darn it, I love me a Bou Burger and a nice cold glass of Capital Amber! mmm, I am getting hungry just thinking about it... Well I guess I will have to wait until next time!
Awesome. You have to go there to believe how classic it is. It probably fits no more than 50 people. The grill is at one end of the bar, and word has it that the food is pretty good. The $1.00 8oz coors light cracks me up. Also the jukebox is solid, and you do not have to pay extra to get your song to play like some of the newer ones.

The first time we went there was a Sunday night-- and it was packed... that should say it all.
Love the cheddar bou. Lived across the street on Blount for a couple of years and this was an every day place for me, almost.
Went there a few days ago and fantastic doesn't quite cover it.  

The place looks a little dingy from the outside, but the service and food more than makes up for the older look.  I had the "Bou Burger" with cheese and fried onions, cooked medium right in front of me on the griddle behind the bar.  Burger was great, awesomely seasoned and perfectly cooked.  Bun and cheese were also excellent.  

My only gripe was the fries were a bit run of the mill, but the burger more than made up for it.

The bartender serves double duty as cook and did a fantastic job.  Great service.
This bar is probably smaller than your apartment. Like others have said before, it's as Sconnie as you can get without the "hey look how Wesconsin I am" song and dance.  Crowd is pretty mixed.  Over all a fine place to stop by if you're in the neighborhood but not necessarily a destination in itself.
Great place to eat a first-rate burger and watch the Badgers on a Saturday afternoon.  What stands out about the burgers here is actually the soft, flaky bun -- it's almost like eating a croissant burger!  Average fries.  Friendly, mellow atmosphere.  Commenter below wrote:  "unless you like to sit at the bar in a dimly lit tavern with your kid, I wouldn't bring him/her to the 'Bou."  I was here with my 4-year-old and he loved it.
Get a Bou burger and fries. DO IT. Also, go on a weeknight so you can actually sit and/or not feel like a sardine. 

I'm not from Wisconsin, but this place feels pretty authentic.
Oh Caribou, I turn to you like a long lost friend 
You make me miss living on Johnson once again 

I'd get smashed on the Twenty I had to borrow 
so I could have conversations that I'd forget about tomorrow............. 

{insert sound of a needle 
scratching off a record} 

The 'bou? It don't need no stinkin' poetry. 

Yes, this is a little hallway of a bar. It really sucks if you are not an old man drinking your pension away during the day or one of the 12 neighborhood regulars that hang out compulsively night after night (that cast rotates yearly, as people move in and out of the neighborhood every year. To claim it for you and your neighborhood crew, plop yer ass on a stool August 15th and don't move it again for at least two weeks. that'll learn 'em.) 

The drinks aren't as cheap as they should be. The bartenders aren't as nice as they should be. The bar isn't as big as it should be. 

It's not a place to take your date. 

Or your softball victory party. 

It's not a place for to turn 21. 

It's not a place for you and your bros to drop yer roofies. 

It's not a place for your unicorn themed dance party. 

No-


Its just a place to sit and drink Old Mils, and maybe do a little laundry. And I love it.
A cozy (aka tiny) little place next to the laundromat on East Johnson, Caribou is a no frills dive along the lines of Rustic Tavern. Lots of wood, very few lights, and a surprising menu (goulash & stroganoff among standard bar fare). Friends ordered a burger and fries and it looked and smelled delicious. Friends confirmed that the taste was just as good as the other senses led you to believe it would be.

One note for the ladies: the lock on the bathroom door appears to be busted. I went in, turned the lock, and immediately had someone open the door. I had just shut the door, so no embarrassing encounter, but that was just luck. Make sure to have a friend watch the door, or at least put a hand or foot against the door while you're indisposed.
The 'bou is what it is. It is nothing more. It is nothing less. I've never had food there. But as far as dive bars go its about as dive-y as one can get. It is freakin' tiny so don't bring a huge group of people. You will probably get split up. And you'd be lucky to get a place to sit. 
But as far as dives go, its perfect. SUPER cheap. Jukebox is one of those electronic ones where you pay a dollar to hear the song you want. But its a great place to have "that one last drink."
Best dive in town! 

The burgers here are among the best in town, which is amazing considering what a tiny little place it is. They form each patty by hand and they put it on an amazing roll that absolutely makes the burger. Top notch!

Laid back crowd, decent jukebox, good mix of beers on tap and in bottles, tasty food, and friendly bartenders. 

There is just something about the combination of everything it has to offer that just makes it a great place to hang out.
This dive bar is about as good as it gets. BEST burger in Madison. Period. It's not fancy, but they get there ground beef from Jennifer Street Market which is also a gem on the east side. 

This place always has great characters lounging over it's bar. It has a bartender that I thought was Irish, but just ended up being from Iowa. I think you understand what kind of time I have at this place. A must stop if you are on the east side in Madtown (downtown is overrated).
Best Burger around!!!!!!!!
Came in from Chicago on Friday.  We went right to the Caribou for libations and burgers.   YUMMY!!!   Winslow is an awesome bartender.
We were impressed how he managed a full bar and made our amazing burgers.  He was also whipping up homemade wing sauce that smelled great.  A must try if you are ever in Madison.
Simply put, the best Burger in Madison.  Oh, and by the way, the chili is outstanding, especially as a chili dog.
A great local dive bar. Excellent burgers, not bad drink prices. Docked 1 star because it's quite cramped and sometimes the staff can be grumpy (usually only one employee a night), but it doesn't stop me from having a good time.
Best burger in Madison.  Trust me, those who vote Dotty's have not been here.  The Jalapeno Poppers are excellent too.  The place is a little small and a little dirty but its really excellent food.
Yes, it really is the best burger in Madison. Wow!
I absolutely love this place! I have been going there for years and never get there enough. Great burgers...cold beer.....the best Cap'n and Coke ever!!! Dewey and his sister rock the house and Tammy and Kevin kill it. Don't miss your chance to experience this Madison landmark.
First Impression: Fantastic atmosphere. I'd looked into this place well before today. I'm glad the rumors and reviews are true. It's a dive and one that deserves credit. Good beer selection, a fantastic burger (that bun rocks), a very good bar tender and all the little things dives should have. Peanuts, random pieces of nostalgia, orange lighting, great music (hairband fit well) at a volume where you can still hear everyone around you yet still jam out a bit. I can't wait to go back on a different night. Other reviews gave me the idea that I'd be intimidated by locals or something. Not the case. Do your thing. They'll do theirs. I'm sure they're good people. Some bars don't cater to people that need to be approached. Grow a pair..if you need beers for that, they have plenty. I suggest moose drool.
With a barkeep who knows when you want to be left alone (or need a beer), this place has moved "top" on my local bar list.  

On food, the burger was fantastic.  Apparently, it's fresh baked bread from a local place, and the meat is from Jenny Street Market - I don't care that much about the provenance of the product (though the "local' stamp does make it a little more attractive), what I care about it how it tastes... and this was brilliant.  Perfectly cooked (medium-rare), well-balanced simple burger (good bun to meat ratio).  

The only downside of the 'bou is that it's a little cramped, but in my opinion, squishing together at the bar is just part of the charm of the place.
Caribou's is a perfect example of an old-style neighborhood tavern. It's dark, cool, inexpensive and the long bar is seated with up pretty much with locals who all know each other. Everyone was friendly and pleasant, the bartender was attentive, and the beer was inexpensive.

I did go for the burger and found it good but not great. In my case it was cooked a little too long and came out more medium-well than medium-rare, but it was a busy night and the lone bartender was also the lone cook so that's the factor I attribute it to. It's a burger with a good bun, cheese, grilled onions and that's it. I like lettuce and tomato and view that as a standard complement, so its absence here is strange to me. Still, it is good in its simplicity and very inexpensive.

Caribou's a nice little place for a beer and a snack while watching the game. Enjoy it.
I never thought I'd say this, but I miss Wisconsin. Well, I don't really miss the state as much as I miss Madison, and this joint (yes, I used that term) is one BIG reason why. 

Like others have said this is a hole-in-wall, divey, Sconi place. But the better thing is that (up until they got the fancy computer jukebox) you could hear a random mix of awesome songs. Oh, the the bar food is some of the best. 

The one down side is that you have to get there early to get a stool, and you also have to bring cold hard cash, like most other places on the east side. 

Man, I miss this place.
Carry cash. 
Carry an open mind.  
Sip. 
Enjoy. 
Don't look too close at anything.
We love the caribou!
Old-school neighborhood bars have a special spot in my heart. Especially a neighborhood bar that actually has decent beer on tap (ie, anything else besides the run of the mill Miller Products or other equally as terrible/generic beer). Couple that with heart-attack inducing bar burgers and you're golden. I stopped in one night with a friend of mine who lives divey-neighborhood bars as much as I do and he was equally as pleased. There is something magical about dark Wisconsin bars with good people watching qualities. 

Good beer. Good burgers. Good neighborhood. Good people.
I miss living on Johnson. Winslow as well as all of their bartenders are amazing people. The booze is cheap and strong and the food is the best you'll ever get at a dive bar. I plan on retiring within walking distance. If you can name another place for $25 you can eat a solid meal and drink till your full let me know.
It's a dive and the bartender was super rude. Have been there twice and just can't go there again, it's dirty and smells funny
Well, it's about as divey as Madison gets. BUT, if you go knowing that, this place is pretty enjoyable.

I've heard the burgers are pretty good, but we just stopped in for a few drinks, mid-walk to downtown from East Johnson.

After a few shots and beers, we were on our way, but the drinks were cheap and we met some fun characters.

Overall, a pretty cool place, although it is quite a ways away from the Capitol bars and State Street.
I don't think I was very fair in my first review of the Bou which hinted at the fact that if you squint your eyes, everything will be ok. Tonight I'm stand before you to say (er, uhm... Yelp) that Caribou Tavern now has a special place in my heart. It's a block and a half away, so it scores major convenience points, and the interior is harmless, despite is rough exterior. Bartenders have always served up service with a smile, and each time I see something on tap that I'm not familiar with, they give me a taste. I much the prefer the place when I have a seat at the bar, as opposed to standing in an uncomfortable thoroughfare of passerbys wanting to get to the bathroom. But all in all it's a solid place that I'm happy to call my neighborhood dive.
Love this dive bar! I stop by here and grab a burger and fries while I wait for my laundry. The burger has a perfect buttery bun, and is topped with pickles, cheese, and caramelized onions. Basic and delicious. I like to drench my fries with the ranch that they have and I'll order a Pepsi. There is usually a very welcoming lady who works the bar. She has vibrant white hair and she really is a sweet heart. Very attentive and makes you want to come back! Till' my next load of laundry, I shall see you soon Caribou Tavern!
After 2 years in Madison, I finally made it to the Caribou. I ordered the Caribou burger with cheddar and a side order of cheese curds. The bun for the burger was mind blowing. I devoured my meal in record time and found myself planning my next visit.

There are many great meals in Madison, and that burger is one of them. 

(Cheese curds were not prize winning)
Known as "The Onion" by regulars, this is an awesome dive bar with some of the best burgers in the valley.  I used to live near it - and went FAR too often.  My friend told me he went there the other day - can you say Jealousy?   

The bar rocks.  The service is out of this freaking world.  Go there 3 times in a month and they'll most likely remember what you ordered.  Alcoholic drinks are served stiff, and sodas are served LARGE so the designated driver doesn't have to keep asking for a refill.  (I hate that!)  

Menu is limited - as bar food should be - but everything here is awesome.  There is no "kitchen" in the back - you can watch everything they are doing right to the side of the bar.  Where did those french fries come from?  Oh yea, they put a potato on that metal device, pulled a handle and presto - fry shapes.  As for the tomato and lettuce?  It's in a Tupperware container in the fridge.  Other than that it's burgers, chicken, fries and onion rings.  Even if there is just one person behind the bar, they will come out to see what they can get ya - drinks or otherwise.  And they'll bring it to your table.  

Sure, there are big screen tv's, pool tables and a pretty decent juke box for a spot like this.  But the real attraction is watching the regulars come and go while you enjoy your awesome burger goodness.
9/12/08
The Red Onion was know for its great butter , red onion burgers. Well I went friday for lunch with co workers and what a dissappointment. There is a new owner now and the burgers were just ordinary bar burgers. Dry and tasteless. Onion rings were ok but the burgers of the Ole red onion are long gone. To bad.
I sent out a yelp for a new place to eat and was told to check out R.O. I am glad I did. 

The place is located South of Greenway (both of them) and right before the AL's Rayco, on the West Side. It is a simple looking place with nothing extraordinary to draw you in. BUT

Once you get inside it is a very comfortable bar. The place holds a bunch of people, has several pool tables and a full bar to sit at. There is a little "outside type patio for you lung killers". Several video games, bar top machines etc. 

Since I was ther for lunch, I did not have the Captain and Coke but verified they do have it. ( happy face here)

I had the cheeseburger, (fresh sirloin) with a toasted bun, lettuce, tomato, and pickle. IT WAS FAN-TASTIC. It might have something to do with the pat of butter melted on the top as she was cooking it. 
I also had the hand cut french frys. They were really good. 

The next trip will be for the Braut. 

The only bad thing I can say is, although worth it, the burger, frys and coke came to $11.75. I would have preferred a lunch special with it as a combo instead of the ala-carte. 

The place was clean, the owners are fun and do not mind a little chit chat while they cook and run around. They have the football package for the sports fans. They are a Packers Bar but don't let that stop you. 

Check it out if you haven't before.
When my wife dropped me off i was a bit scared of walking in,  the outside looks a bit shabby and its not in best of areas and it can be a bit hard to find. As soon i walked in i was instantly impressed!

The place is comfortable and really nice. They have a couple T.V.'s, Pool Tables, Juke-Box, awesome sound system and an awesome staff. Like Daren mentioned, they have a little 7x11 outdoor patio for people that want to smoke and the drink prices are extremely reasonable.

I unfortunately did not have the food there, not because it looked bad, but i had just had dinner before showing up. My best friend said that the burgers there were amazing. I would definitely recommend going there!
Another stop on my recent free chip tourney poker binge.

This is exactly what you want in a neighborhood bar.  

Grungy enough looks to keep the pretentious hip crowd away, and super friendly atmosphere inside.  

A neighborhood that gives you an uneasy feeling, that goes away and drifts to downright comfortable once you're inside a short while.

A server or two who look like they're in their late 30's to late 50's, who call you "Hun" repeatedly.

A limited menu of bar classics, cooked up right in front of the bar.  No fancy vending machines, but a nifty "insert quarter/spin handle/ grab nuts or m&ms with palm of other hand" type of old school vendor.

Haven't tried it, but I've heard tell of their great burgers for years.
Its kinda a biker/dive bar with karoake, pool tables, tvs, etc.  Long bar with the gril & fryers right behind the bar.  Everyone talks about Harveys Wine Burger, but tell you what.  I have been to both and the service was so bad at Harveys that I didnt order food whereas I have had the Red Onion's burger on several occassions and it is killer!  Limited menu, just what you would expect when you see the grill and fryer and the chick cooks it to order and I always tip her $1 for doing so.  Its pretty damn good!  The new owner and his wife are cool.  I dont know them but they have introduced themselves on 3/4 occassions I have been there I think.  Karoake can kinda kill it, but it can also be funny as this is the type of place where people get sh*tfaced - at least on the weekends.  You can walk across the street to The Loft and usually one or the other has live music on the weekends. Drinks are strong.  They have a crazy bartender I forget her name but she makes weird shots and is kinda a trip.  Your first impression is that the burgers are a little pricey, but you will take half of it home.  You have to try them at least once!  TIP: If you get the wings ask for EZ sauce, thats my only complaint is that they oversauced the wings when I had them.  No big deal.  You can park in the back if you are embarrassed to have your car seen there.  If you are worried about that you wont like it anyway so on 2nd thougth stay home you stuck up prick!  You will have fun there.  Worth bringing a couple friends to find out for yourself for sure....
Ok prices but a unfriendly enviorment.
What a great place! Awesome food, drinks, patrons, and owners! One of the friendliest bars in Phoenix. Everything I've ordered from their menu has been excellent!   The Red Onion Lounge is a Packer bar and my girlfriend is a Wisconsin girl, so we started going here for the Packers games this past season. Have some great memories here in 2011 with the highlight being a Super Bowl victory!

This place is known for their Green Chili Bacon Cheeseburger.  Just got back from having one and I can see why.  Wow, that was a tasty burger.  Definitely one of the best burgers you'll find in Phoenix! Also great are their BLTs, Cheese Curds, Pulled Pork Sandwich, fries and the home made potato chips.  Looking forward to going back again to try more of the food.  

The Red Onion also has three pool tables, dart boards, juke box, and karaoke Thursday through Sunday.  The owners, Mystic and RJ, are really friendly cool people.  Stop in, grab a drink, a green chili bacon burger, play some pool, sing a song, have a great time!
Awesome new owners for last 3 years and I didn't know it! We came here today cuz they were open on Easter Sunday. Mystic is a great lady and running an excellent joint. We split the ribeye sandwich and fresh cut fries... Simply to die for! We'll be back!
I hate being that guy that gives a place with great reviews a not so great review. I see this place has amazing reviews, my wife used to go here years ago on a regular basis and she's told me how amazing the burgers were and so I expected an amazing burger. Boy, was I disappointed.

We started with the cheese curds. They were OK, but nothing spectacular. I ordered Green Chili Bacon Cheeseburger. I honestly think I've had a better burger at In-n-Out and maybe even McDonald's. When the waitress took our order she didn't ask either my wife or myself how we wanted it cooked and both of us forgot to mention it. I don't know if they usually don't ask, but I do sort of expect that when I order a burger. My thinking is if they don't ask, they only serve it one way, and if that is the way I received mine then I don't know how this place gets raves for their burgers. It was well done, completely overcooked, charred on the outside and not juicy at all. In my book, juicy is they key component of a great burger. The patty itself was fairly small and dwarfed by the bun. As my wife said, charge a buck more and add some ground beef. My wife's basic hamburger was the same way - charred, overcooked and dry. The bun was good, though. The fries were also very good but not good enough to make me go back just for the fries. The fries are a side show to the main event of the burger.

As for the service, it started out OK and stayed there. I ordered a Blue Paddle beer. When the server delivered it she asked if I would like an orange to go with it. I said yes but it never showed up. Our water was refilled as needed, which was nice although expected. We did have to wait a while for our check because our server was out on the patio smoking (I know because I watched her). I understand everyone needs a break but IMHO she was out there too long.

I wanted the experience, particularly the food, to be better and according to my wife it used to be fantastic. Either we had a really off night or it's just gone downhill since she's been there. Maybe we'll try it again but as my wife said "There are too many other choices and other places to try out there." I was going to rate this one star, but I'm giving it two simply because everyone else has such amazing things to say. Perhaps it really was just a bad day to stop in. Maybe someday when it's just me I'll swing by, hoping I have a better burger. It couldn't be any worse...
A small local dive bar with cheap drinks and karaoke.  You may find it entertaining to listen to the same people murder pop songs over and over but don't expect a giant menu or a huge selection of beers.
As we entered the bar, a patron of the Onion serenaded us with AC/DC's Big Balls.  It was then that I knew we were in for an good time.  We sat down a the bar and ordered a "big" beer.  Some places offer a tall (22 oz) beer, but these guys don't mess around; they have the biggest beers of them all (to the tune of Big Balls)!  As we entered the wee hours of the morning the karaoke got worse, the beer got better and fun didn't stop.  The beer selection was adequate and they offer full bar.  There were several pool tables and dart boards along with other standard bar games.  The karaoke was light-hearted and we got in on the action.  There was even a little bar fight (verbal) to round out the nights activities.  Good times.
I have only been in here 2 times and the first time wasn't great. 

Before I got remarried, I was dating this band member. He booked his band to play at this place and it was a disaster from the moment we started setting up the stage. The stage is too tiny and the lights suck. The owners were mean the entire time we were there at us. 

When the band took a 10 minute break, the owner told them, "You better keep playing". They weren't allowed a 10 minute break and someone put the jukebox on when there were done with their break! It was truly an awful bar at the time. 

I came back, by myself and single, again in 2003. The same attitudes were still there. I swore I never go there again and I haven't. 

This place is horrible, mean bartenders, the owners are assholes, and the atmosphere sucks.
I am an avid Packer fan, and was hoping this would be my go to place for the Sunday games!!! Unfortunately, they cannot handle the business, and refuse to spend some money to hire employees! I gave them 3 chances, and I will not return! On a Sunday when their place is packed, they have 2 waitress's, one has 2 weeks experience, the other never waitressed before! We ordered burgers at the end of the 1st Qtr...asked several times where our order was, and were told she would check on them....after the end of the 3rd Qtr, we gave up.... When we were ordering our beers, we had to order immediately after receiving so we could get another in a half hour!! I believe they should change to a Bears bar!!! Packers fans don't treat people that way!! We should have been like several others, and left after the first Qtr!!!!
I first went to the Red Onion in the mid 70's as an underage kid who didn't get carded.  Sublime.  Back then it was just a bar with a few snacks & pool tables.  Rowdy sometimes but a fun place.  

 Now it's a good place to go for lunch.  We have stopped in over the last 10 years or so but last week we were impressed.  The green chile cheese burgers with grilled onions were very tasty.  The size of the patty was smaller than it used to be but the fries and onion rings were great.  Service was very attentive and I really don't have any complaints.

It also didn't have that funky bar smell when you walk in the door.  I can't speak to the bar/ nightlife experience that others have commented on because we just don't do that anymore.
Came here for a benifit for a friend of a friend.  Live band was playing and the beer was cheap and cold.  I will have to stop by earlier in the day to try out their lunch.
Not the best bar by any means, but is a true definition of dive bar. They do however have fun jello shots that are in pseudo hypodermics, and those were only 1.50, which boosted them up from a 2 to a 3.
If I was reviewing this 4 years ago, then it would be 5 stars, these days, 2 stars is being generous.  We used to go to this place once a week (Seriously)  Now, you couldn't drag us back.  The burgers (Which were amazing back then) have become thin, greasy slabs of charred crap on stale buns.  The beer is the same as every other dive bar, and the place looks like it was moved from a town in the midwest lost in the 1970's.  Don't waste your time, there is nothing left to see here.
I didn't eat there.  I wouldn't eat there.  I felt strange about being there in flip-flops.  This place is gross.  I'm not talking about it being a dive bar.  I like dive bars. You know how there is a difference between being in a parking lot and being in the dumpster?  Ya, like that.

The clientele is scary here.  The bar is da-da-dirty.  The Karaoke was heinous and extremely loud.   You could not hear anything over Crack McCrackerson shouting out Whitesnake.  We fled outside to see if it was any better.  It was quieter and had all the ambiance of a holding cell. 

If you want to have your arse-kicked by a meth-head, or have a rambling convo with a deranged retiree this is your place!  Don't forget your closed-toe shoes and hobo-stab insurance.
Great little place. True dive bar but clean and great burgers.   Bacon, green chiles cheeseburger a must!  Melissa was wonderful!   Super cold mugs right out of a freezer!
Had wanted to check this place out for awhile since It is a Packer Bar and they were supposed to be known for their green chile cheeseburger  - Walked in and almost every table was reserved for the game so it was a good atmosphere if you are a Packer fan, and that is where the highlights ended

It took about 30 minutes to get a beer, when i initially asked about the order she stated she was getting to it, and then proceeded not to come back to the table for another hour,  we ended up going up to the bar to make future orders after that instead of waiting for the waitress (however that issue was solved after the 1st Quarter, perhaps they were short staffed) Ordered their famous Green Chile burger and fries and got raw fries and a burger burnt to a crisp, was pretty unedible however the green chile could hide the burnt taste to get a couple bites down

Beers are cheap here - certainly eat before you come here, will not be making a return visit, pretty disappointing
Cool little place, they weren't kidding when they claim to be a green bay packers den. 

Came here for a Christmas party, the drinks were ok prices and the waitress was very friendly. 

The food however did not following through with what the online menu claimed. Wings were great, but the green chili cheese burger (which is claim to fame), had the dryness of the Sahara. Way too cooked. And the frys were soggy. So, not impressed.
Great trivia host. Good karaoke. Typical bar food.
So a friend said we needed to go try out the burgers. We get there and low and behold karaoke started early! We found a seat went up to the bar to find out how ordering food worked...a great lady came by and answered our questions, got our drink order, brought us out an appetizer and provided great service!! We even got a hug from her as we left!! Cannot remember her name but she even sang karaoke!! I loved the ambiance...its a you can belch outloud and no one will judge you type of place... Now they did get our appetizer order wrong, but quickly corrected it and all was fine!! The green chile burger w/bacon is worth its weight!! The thick bacon in it is apple smoked, you can pay a lil extra for grilled onions (I recommend it) and we also asked for jalapenos to be added...The cheese curds are good but if you like a lil heat...go for the RED PEPPER Cheese curds!! YUM!  And the burger...stop it! It was messy and huge with all the toppings and what not! I didn't eat my bread cuz all the insides were yummy enough....and the fries...they are like greasy spoon fries...oh they were wonderful! The man who ran the karaoke may be the owner...a great and really nice guy John... He was saying they have been buying karaoke discs for 13 years!! Their system is all digital, wireless mikes...there is no where in that joint you can't see a monitor and the sound system...shut the front door!! its pretty friggin top shelf! I am thinking if you want a great burger...this dive is a must see! If you want to sing karaoke...maybe dont go on a saturday (there was rotation of 20). John said they usually start at 9 or a bit after. Oh, did I mention there was a conga line?? How can you pass up a joint that has a conga line???
Not a bad experience. Wings were pretty good, and when the one almost-overwhelmed bartender could get to us she was pleasant enough. 

It's a friendly crowd in this staple of North Phoenix. Pool tables are the center of attention. 

It was a karaoke night in honor of a woman who had just turned 30. Many of the patrons were wearing shorts and suspenders ala-Urkel. There was one really awful version of "Whole New World" that sticks with me like the taste of burned peanut butter. But. . . that's karaoke. . . .
I used to be a regular here under the old ownership. they had amazing hamburgers and it was a great place for a Sunday meal. Ownership changed hands about 3 years ago and when we went in, the amazingly juicy burgers it was famous for were gone. They were horrible and nothing like they used to be. Even the perfect fried mushrooms had been replaced with a lesser and grainy brand. They got rid of all the old staff so I don't know if that's part of it or they didn't want the recipes or what. The new owner is a woman and her husband likes to walk around, swing by your table repeatedly and remind you he's the owner. (he's not, his wife is)  I'm not sure who the line works on but being that he looks like he's some kind of meth addict we didn't want to be bothered by him nor are we the type of women who are impressed by ' I'm the owner.' The place is filthy dirty now and I would never ever go back.
Great burgers done the right way.... slow and delicious.  Real fries. melissa cuts the potato to order and fries it before your eyes.
red onion has been around forever and it's a staple on Cave Creek Road. The burgers are always juicy and thick and yummy. They're on the rings are the bomb. Good beer selection and they are always cold
Definitely not my scene. Brought here by a few drunken friends. I'm in my mid 20's and my husband late 20's, this place is definitely for the 55+ crowd. Lot of HOGs in there, meaning of a lot of men. Few women, mostly 65+. I felt a little embarrassed just being inside this place. 

Had one drink, I did not order it myself however. It was incredibly sweet, left my lips very sticky.
I've really enjoyed this place the few times ive been here. Atmosphere is low key, the food is good, service nice and they have a respectable beer menu. The red onion burger is one of my favorites in the city
I was in Phoenix for business last month and stopped by.  The place smells terrible and the floors were sticky.  Food was average.  I would not recommend it.
The name's a little misleading:  If you go there long enough, yes everyone will know your name.  And it is definitely a bar.  But try as I might, I can't really figure out why Cheers insists on keeping 'grill' in its name, unless it's referencing the now defunct window that used to serve up Mexican fare from the Roberto's next door.  (The new smoking laws have now rendered it necessary to actually leave the bar and walk next door.  Pain in the butt.)

Regardless, Cheers is a good, low key place to catch up with some friends, have some big, cheap beers, and shoot a few racks of pool on one of the 5 or so fairly well maintained tables that are available.  The crowd is pretty evenly split between twenty-and-thirty-somethings and older, video poker playing denizens.  The TVs behind the bar show a satisfying mixture of sports, reality TV, and random movies.  The ambiance is lacking, so bring your own with you in the form of a few good stories and a few raucous laughs.  Don't miss the Pin the Penis on Steve-O game or the Galaga arcade game in the corner near the entrance.
Cheers is a legendary dive bar located on Maryland Pkwy, where a few years ago a crazy person threw battery acid into the face of a bartender! If you wanna mix it up with crazies, college kids, rock n rollers, hipsters and IRA members in hiding hit this place up!
oK. Sooo.I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. My bf.... a 49ers fan. YUP.. love is blind. So this past sunday our games were showing @ the same time = we had to go someplace to watch our games together. Some people can't beleive I could even walk next to much less be WITH a 49er fan and vice versa.  We take a lot of flack about it but that's ok, everyone has a fan. 
We orig. went to a "Cowboys" bar b/c I won the coin toss. Yes most of my important decisions are decided the good old fashioned way, the quarter. If its good enough for the NFL, its good enough for me. 
The bar we went to was listed as a Cowboys bar. UM NO. It was Rascals on Swenson/Maryland pkwy area. Can we say scary neighborhood. OMG. I was worried I wouldnt make to my car on time, but that's another review.

This place was our 2nd choice and I was very surprised by it. I pictured it much fancier but I was glad it wasnt. I dont like fancy fancy. I'm here to watch football not much else! The bartender, Mary Ann was so sweet! 
I loved her. She TOO was a 49er fan so she and my bf made friends quickly. She had several games on different TVsbut the volume was only on for the 49er/chiefs game which was a blowout and very hard to console my bf. I cheer for his team unless they are playing me, then we all bets are off! but I refuse to wear 49er gear. I draw the line there!

Now MaryAnn, was so sweet she turned up my game so that I TOO could have volume. That is my biggest thing when selecting a bar. If you've ever read any other of my reviews you know I HATE when bars show sports games and then play music. really? Well not this place. I would def. go back!
PRICES: $3 FOR 22 OZ draft beers - budweiser and bud light.CANT BEAT IT! And.. when I asked her what she had on special she said that they have 24 hr happy hour. Well cant' beat that either.

POOL TABLE COUNT: 3

This place is near UNLV and maryland pkwy/Harmon area. kinda hidden and I wouldnt have seen this place if I wasnt looking for it. But now I know its here.. I might just have to add this to my rotation!
Pretty standard dive bar - pool, tvs, random crowd or lack of crowd. It's smoky as hell in there, so if you're a non-smoker like me, you probably won't be able to last longer than 2 drinks. Plus, I don't think you'll ever win on the video poker machines. On the high side, prices are pretty good, and the bartender is friendly. Makes a nice place to stop if you're doing anything at UNLV, but other than that, I wouldn't go out of my way to visit Cheers.
Awesomeness!!! Get buzzin like a bee hive then attend class, return to Cheers with classmates and get bent like knees.
A typical college bar that could be located just off any college campus in america.  Drinks were reasonably priced . . . with a good selection of midwestern beers . . . what memories.

The bartender "Mikal" was the Bomb . . . she had more blond jokes than anyone I know . . . most of which I have never heard . . . she even laughed at my lame jokes.

A definate spot to stop if one either a dive bar tour or looking for a college bar to hang-out at.
The place definitely has an atmosphere. The bartenders are great, live music on a Saturday was plain awesome. When you pair this with ridiculously low prices that`s a pretty good recipe for success. Maybe that`s why the damn place was packed...
2013 Review Journal's Best of Las Vegas in the Dive Bar category. Tori is, by far, the best, most attentive, fun and sexy bartender in the city! Catch her from Thursday through Sunday evenings. You will not be disappointed.
This bar is always a great time, the music, the people but mostly because of Tori Fields. One of the coolest bartenders in Vegas and she makes every stop in worth coming back
Having lived in the area most of my life I had passed by Cheers many times thinking it was just a little smoky hole in the wall not worth checking out. That was up until about 2 weeks ago when my friends and I went to a nearby bar that we usually frequent, only to find out it was full of douche bags that night. 

After deciding we didn't want to deal with that all night, one friend suggested Cheers as it was so close by. We all thought, "Eh, why not give it a try?" 

I am so glad we did. The bartender was super friendly and we never had to ask him for another drink as he was super attentive and made sure we had what we needed the whole time. He even suggested a drink to my friend when she ordered an apple beer. He said to drop a shot of fireball whiskey in it, and it was actually pretty enjoyable. They have a good selection on the jukebox, plenty of tvs and they even have a punching bag game. 

I love this place.
A solid dive bar. Cheap drinks, close proximity to greasy food, and bartenders with a heavy pour.
This has been my neighborhood bar for about a decade.  Good pool tables, reasonable drink prices (cheap Guinness during Happy Hour).  Good staff and a very mixed crowd.
I was born in Vegas and I love this place!!One of the few places in town I can get a Guiness on tap!!! Also the bartenders friendly and accomidating. A must stop if your in the area!!!
Great bar! The bartenders are awesome! Tori is one of the best. Never have to wait for a drink. Prices are reasonable. You can always make a friend at Cheers.
Definitely a mixed bag of people in this place, but they're fun.

We actually ended up here one night on a half-joking recommendation by a bartender at Freakin Frog, and I'm somewhat pissed we didn't come here earlier because it wasn't until 2 or 3 by the time we got there.

I had some trepidation because of the characters milling around outside when we walked up.  After going in, I got that "WTF am I doing here?" feeling when I saw the crowd and when they saw us.  However, that all ended when a friendly bartender ran up and asked us what we wanted.  We got a couple cheap pitchers of something.  I honestly don't remember what they were.

Anyway, I ended up shooting the longest game of 8 ball ever with a random cool guy named Grimace.  Also, a couple of flea bags who know their way around a meth pipe seemed to be passing a relatively cute redhead back and forth nearby.  (She may have been trying to get away.  I could barely take care of myself or hit a straight on shot...)  Her drunk (maybe high) ass fell into me, and I have to say, she smelled surprisingly good and actually apologized.

Actually, I would go to Cheers just for the fact it's like next door to Roberto's Tacos.
I really wanna come here when it's actually a bar.  I mean, yea, every time I come here it's a bar.  But I'd like to come for an actual bar activity.  I think it could be cool.  

But it's a great lunch spot.  I really wish I didn't go to lunch alone because I'd love to make use of those board games.  And it just seems sad to play with the shuffle board by myself.  

Today when eating lunch, 4 TV's in front of me were set to Espn2, Nascar, The movie Saw, and Teletubbies.  Well, first Barney ended - then it was Teletubbies.  On one of the many TV's in the other room I saw they also have some cooking show on which I wish I'd been in front of while eating.  Very theme appropriate.

I do love their full leg, fishnet lamp.  And some of their cheesy signage is fun.  But I'd love to hang out with friends in their little mini-living room on the raised platform with the big screen TV in the corner playing the "fireplace" video on constant loop.  Love that thing.

But - I go for lunch.  Their Philly is good, and their burgers are pretty decent for a bar.  Nothing amazing, but ok.  The place is nicer on the inside than I expected, but still felt very casual.  They definitely get bonus points for the popcorn machine behind the bar.  That plus those board games take this to a solid 4 star experience based on my lunch time experiences.
As a bar, Monkey Pants seems to want it both ways.  They have a 1:00am shirtless shot routine that makes the place feel like an annoying college bar.  At the same time, the atmosphere is decidedly low-key, especially considering the "wacky" and "outrageous" name.  I've been there on a few Friday nights and, each time, could count on one hand the number of patrons.  If nobody is going there, it must not just be me.  Maybe it's better during lunchtime...

Time Out Lounge is in the same strip-mall.  I'd recommend drinking there instead.
Ahh Monkey Pants. Everyone I know hates it. The Frat Bar, they call it. But, it's so close to me and that damn name, it makes you wanna drink there. But, alas, it is a frat bar(-1). It's got that "clubhouse" atmosphere with the Christmas Story lamp and Parker Bros Games. So about the 3rd time I'm there, I go into the bathroom and come out to a bar of shirtless people , thinking WTF? O, a shirtless shot! No, No thank you, I'm fine WITH my shirt. I'm a big boy and I'm sure no one wants to see my Buddha belly and Dungeons and Dragons tattoo anyway. They have a kitchen that stays open late and has some great wings. Cajun on the grill, mmmmm mm, try them. Chris, Krista and Nate are some good tenders, ready to serve. I usually stop there after going to the Timeout, on my way home.
Besides the Frat Boy atmosphere, my only beef is: one time I was shooting pool and the waitress somehow got about 8 shots on my tab, in addition to the 5 beers that I did actually have. Getting the mistake fixed was as simple as getting scolded by the head bartender about being clear about what drinks go on my tab, umm I only had beer, sorry. lol? I now pay as  I go, problem solved.
Monkey Pants is a bar that doesn't take itself seriously -- as if its name didn't give that away. The bar hosts live music from local bands, goldfish racing and a 1 a.m. topless shot (free shots for anyone who ditches their shirts!) deal. Sadly for the guys, not a lot of women are eager to part with their clothes and the guys are usually the ones who end up topless by night's end. This wacky spot is fun for a couple drinks, but I couldn't imagine spending an entire evening here. It's usually pretty quiet and uneventful.
Confession Number One: It is all Erica's fault. She invited me over here after work one day and I said, "You mean Time Out Lounge, right? Are you joking Monkey Pants? Normally that is said like a punch line...right?" She giggled. "They take cards-TOL is cash only. And its fucking cheap." Well. Cheap drinks get me every time. Sure, I 'll try Monkey (snicker) Pants.

As I pulled up, I kept looking around, maybe worried all the hipsters from TOL or Yucca would stand in shock and point down the strip mall "Yo! You in the 'ironic' Genesis shirt and cat eye glasses-didn't you mean to get some shitty beer and download some Pixies on THIS side of the strip mall?!?" And I would have to say..."Yes. I wasn't gonna go to a fucking place called MONKEY PANTS-plfft- C'MON!"

But...Confession 2: I love Monkey Pants. Dude, they take CARDS. Their happy hour is incredibly HAPPY. Buck fifty wells in a PINT glass, heavy handed? Cheap huge basket of fries? Reasonably priced beer ANYWAY? Trivia cards strewn about? Terrifying teddy bear wearing 80s workout clothes, taunting me to be a winner on their wall? More TVs than "Videodrome" or a bad 80s performance art piece (or Remote Control's Champion Room-yeah, MTV reference)? And just when you think you can't triple fist cheap G&Ts any longer...8pm rolls around and its SPECIALS time! Yippie!

Confession 3: I have been here more times than Time Out Lounge...during the day. TOL is for late at night. MP is for when you wanna get someone drunk you don't want your friends to know about and do them fast...and hit the hot hipsters for sloppy scenester seconds after midnight, ya know? Listen, I'm poor. And 15 bucks for being so trashed I had to call up a friend to help me to their house ONE BLOCK AWAY (twice) for over three hours of fun. Shit.

Yeah, the decor is kinda weird, a little Ground Roundish, I love the Legs Lamp, the bathroom is in the weirdest place ever, and you won't find your dream lover in front of the acoustic set they have. But Nate at the bar will take care of you (and your broken dreams), the regulars are ridiculous and your smoker friends can chill on the front patio and bring their drinks with 'em. Plus they have all this popcorn and you can throw at your friends near the shuffle board.

So Monkey Pants completes my Shitty Trifecta of Yucca, Time Out and Monkey-a Bermuda Triangle of Sleaze, if you will.
Monkey Pants has some of the best burgers in AZ.  Great place for a long lazy lunch over some pitchers.  I think one month my friends and I went there like 20 times for lunch.  Never got sick of it.  It's a dive bar, but it's a cool dive bar.
I know I'm going to loose me some cool points for this one, but I feel no shame at all in shouting, "I LOVE MONKEY PANTS!" 

Besides, if the Time Out Lounge crowd could even hear me at the other end of the parking lot, they'd probably just assume I was being snarky and ironic. I mean, who the hell frequents a bar named Monkey Pants? Do they have children in tow? Is there a petting zoo on the premises? Because it sounds like a Barney-Raffi-Teletubby-Wiggles sing-a-long title, not a place where adults go to get blotto. 

Oh yeah? Well what's in a name? That which we call cheap fucking drinks by any other name would still get us loaded. And who are you to argue with Shakespeare? He hates your crappy emo poems anyway.

Huh. I guess I didn't know how strongly I felt about Monkey Pants until that verbal vomit just came spewing forth.

As a gesture of goodwill to those of you who I know I'll see at Time Out in the future, and will undoubtedly rib me for my irrational love of a place called Monkey Pants, I will concede the following point: it is most definitely not an evening drinking destination. 

It is an excellent happy hour or weekend day drinking joint though. Discount 2.25 well and 1.75 domestic drafts between 5 and 7 (that only increase by a buck at regular prices)? Hell yes. An unlimited fount of free popcorn good for munching and launching? Check. An entire menu of good bar food if you're looking to absorb some of the alcohol sloshing around? You betcha. One of the best waitresses/bartenders I have ever had the pleasure of tipping? Thanks for consistently getting me drunk, Krista! 

There's pool, shuffle board, trivia cards, board games, kitschy paintings, a fake fireplace playing on loop, leg lamps, and enough televisions to send you into a pop culture coma with their soft, hypnotizing glow. This is the type of place where I can show up at five and drink straight through to ten or later without even knowing it, and thankfully, without even coming close to breaking the bank. 

I've been around for the "wacky" antics that others have brought up as negative (one o'clock shirtless shots, fish races, and thematic discounts--moustache Monday and wig Wednesday, and so on) but hardly anyone participates. And I've never been to Monkey Pants when it's exuded a "frat bar atmosphere." Come during happy hour and you're more likely to see the local flavor propped up around the island bar (I dig an island bar) than the kind of people barhopping down the Mill Avenue strip. There's just enough buffer room to keep them at bay.

So if you're comfortable enough to put aside pretension and indulge in a little kitsch, I'm sure I'll be seeing you soon!

And if that doesn't convince you, maybe these six little words will:

Bacon. Wrapped. Deep. Fried. Hot. Dog.

A nacho cheese covered coronary on a bun. I never knew death could taste so delicious.
I went here once.  I couldn't resist.  Who could resist?  My friends would ask what I was up to all evening and I could say, "Oh, I spent the evening hanging out in Monkey Pants." 

I've never been there for shirtless shots, but I appreciate any place that's willing to serve breakfast and beer at the same time.  In some ways, the decor says, "Like me! I'm trying too hard." but it grew on me.  Or maybe that's the liquor talking.  Our cocktailer was nice.  She flashed a genuine smile.  Not a dead shark eyes, Stepford wife smile.  I tip extra for real smiles.

I looked up to the TV screen expecting to see a bunch of grown men dressed up in costumes running around like super heros while fat old guys dressed like zebras keep score on who looks less ridiculous. Which is what usually appears on such screens.  It took me a few moments to remember how to focus my eyes and realize I was actually staring at an image of Leonard Nimoy from the sixties wearing a blue v-neck and  pointy ears.  Spock?

My god.  I think I just creamed my monkey pants.  I will definitely go there again.
I like Monkey Pants. I just moved to Tempe and I don't know many people here or places to go yet. Monkey Pants is very close to my house, and I'll admit that the first time I went in it was because the silly name caught my attention.

This place is really laid back. The servers are friendly and the drinks are cheap.  I like the shuffleboard table :-) .  I have been here during the day and at night. It's not a bad place to watch football on a Sunday. They have a lot of TVs, and it's not hard to find a table in front of a TV and get the server to put on whichever game you want to watch. 

My one complaint is that I have never seen this place crowded, even on weekend nights. Bring a bunch of friends that you want to hang out with, because there aren't many people to meet here.
I was skeptical, but when she asked me if I was coming on Thursday dressed as a pilgrim for free drinks -- that's when I decided I loved Monkey Pants.

Yes, the bartender girl also tried to interest me in a round of goldfish racing, shuffleboard, or some board games, I just about lost it.  This place rocks.  Monkey Pants takes "Campy" and "Kitschy" and magnifies those terms by 1,000.  This place is not pretty in its strip mall glory, and would be considered a dive by most folks.

I was on sensory overload, taking in the fish tanks, bad decor, construction paper turkey/hand cut-outs, grandma couches and grandma lamps, the leg lamp from the Christmas Story, the video-feed fireplace looping in the corner -- all the while trying to envision myself in a pilgrim get-up.  She wasn't kidding. 

Some co-workers and I found ourselves here for their $3.95 hot wing night happy hour and had cheep drinks, plus a complimentary grape tootsie roll shot.  Grand total?  9 bucks and change.  Toothless grey haired Willy mocked us "Suits" folks as we left the place, but...  I'm sooo there next week and I might even show my chest for a free shot at 1 am.
You really cannot beat this place.  A great out of the way bar that has no frills whatsoever, just a kick back atmosphere with some of the strangest dcor I've seen.  The big screen in back always has the Yule log burning, the "leg lamp" from A Christmas Story is proudly displayed, and a framed Kiss posted is proudly displayed.

The rest of the place follows suit.  The staff is quirky, always yells "HELLO" as you enter, and has no problem just chatting it up with you about whatever is on their minds.  There is always free popcorn, and plenty of beers to chose from.  My advice would be to stick with beers in the bottle.  I've had some funky stomach issues after drinking beer on draft there.

The food here is surprisingly good.  Grilled, meaty chicken wings smothered in BBQ sauce are tops on my list, and they have more burger options that you know what to do with.  There are quite a lot of TVs to watch, a juke box that is always playing local favorites (when they don't have a band playing), and there are a couple of pool tables and a shuffle board table as well.

And if you happened to be there at 1:00am, you get to experience the "One O'clock Shirtless Shot."  You never know whose shirt is coming off...
I'm just going to tell the story.

I had a friend who was having a birthday. The plan was to go to Pink Taco (yes, we are that childish that we wanted to drink at a place that is a euphemism for vagina) but for some reason, it fell through. Some how, Monkey Pants got brought up. 

So, at 12 pm on a Friday afternoon a bunch of girls show up to Monkey Pants. It was dead. There were the regulars there seated at the bar, but other than that...no one. Except a bunch of giggling girls drinking Vodka Redbull, drunk dialing, and doing shots. Right. So someone spies a flyer that said something about a 2 o'clock shirtless shot. We inquire about this with the waitress and are informed that the shirtless shot means if you take your shirt off, show the titties, you get a shot at 2 AM. Being as it was 2 PM, the waitress obliged and we did shots half naked in the afternoon. 

Everybody loves the day drinking.

But honestly, I'd love to come back at night. The staff is friendly and the decor is awesome. Sure, it's divey but then again it is called Monkey Pants. What were you expecting?
When I lived in Tempe I would grab a late night snack and a cocktail here on occasion. 

This place is somewhere between a dive and a sports bar. it is large and has several different rooms to drink/eat in. I have seen bands perform here a few times late at night. The drinks are cheap and the food is decent.

The regulars and the bartenders were friendly.
I knew I was going to like Monkey Pants before I walked in the door when I saw the sign: "Today-free reacharounds for anyone wearing Suns gear." Sweet.

You will like Monkey Pants if:

*you want a multitude of TVs to watch various sporting events
*you appreciate friendly bartenders
*you want cheap drinks (my Stella drafts were $4.50 which isn't bad at all and my Bud Light draft was $2.50)
*you like bar games (pool, shuffleboard, and board games are all available to play)
*you like places with mixed crowds
*you don't want to dress up to go to a bar (I'm pretty sure I could have rolled up in a hoodie, jeans, and flip flops and still have been overdressed)
*you like obscure songs from the '80s (for some reason that dominated the jukebox selections last night)
*you want to chill on a couch with a drink in front of a faux fireplace

Overall, Monkey Pants is not a place that takes itself seriously. It has a loyal clientele from what I could tell as the bartender seemed to know a lot of the folks who wandered in.  My husband and I will definitely be returning when we are in the mood for a few drinks, sports, and shuffleboard.
Ya, it's called Monkeypants, cute.  It's a dive with cheap beer and a cute name.  They do have a ton of board games if your in the mood.  It's dark inside, which is nice sometimes on a hot day.

I give it a 3star for cheap beers.
I have been here a couple of times now and really dig this place.  They have cold beer on tap and pretty nice staff.  There are plenty of TV's for you to watch any sporting event.  They have NTN trivia with lots of TV's.  It's a very comfortable bar with pool tables, couches, booths and an outdoor patio/sidewalk.

I would rate there food above average just for the fries.  They are really good plain or with cheese.  Their chicken sandwiches and burgers are very good and above what I usually expect from a bar.
Oh Monkeypants and I go way back. The first time I went I thought I could hang with my 21yo neighbors... we had a fantastic time. Great drinks, fun atmosphere. Younger crowed but it wasnt full of college aged jerks. Make sure to stick around for the 1:00 shirtless shot, it's free so that means it's something everyone should be involved with... at least once.
Stopped by for a few drinks and shots before the Warren Miller show last Friday. What a cool place! As my first time in Tempe, I was pleasantly surprised that this place wasn't a trendy college bar. The shuffleboard, Christmas Story leg lamp, and board games nailed to the walls won me over. Plus, the fire place burning on the big screen TV brought me back to Washington if only for a minute. Friendly staff, good drinks, clean rest rooms all make Monkey Pants a winner in my book. Oh and Natural Lights (I think that is what the guys ordered) in a paper bag? Priceless.
I used to say AZ 88s martinis were served in a time warp. You would finish one, feel fan-freakin'-tastic and order another. By the time it arrived at your table, the effects of the first one had hit and you were wasted.

At Monkey Pants, I have to say "Let's do the time warp again." I ordered a small vodka tonic with the intent of having just one drink, doing a little writing, a taking in the Monkey Pants lifestyle. I felt fan-freakin'-tastic after one. Enough to say, "sure give me another." By the time it arrived.... Well, you know the story. Thankfully, I'd also ordered the grilled ham and cheese. Yummers, and very good with the VT.
I didn't drink there, as I was already intoxicated prior to my arrival. I did have a burger and fries at the bar, which were both fantastic. They serve food late and didn't bat an eye at my red-eyed state. They kept my diet coke full, the overall level of service was as high as I was. Oops, did I say that out loud? I normally wouldn't write a review for just one visit, but the burger and fries were surprisingly great and I had to cut the burger in half to manage it. The bathroom was clean, too, which I find to be unusual in Tempe area bars. I'll be back!
Bars that serve food...sometimes it's the greatest thing in the world when you've put down too many, and are in need of something to soak up enough alcohol so that the next round can be taken down with little to no pain.  Other times it's the stupidest thing you can do, and the grease (which at this point is not the word) and booze make a simultaneous comeback that night or the next morning.  So good bar food is very important in the grand scheme of things.  While good bar food isn't always the case, Monkey Pants in Tempe makes a strong case for a nice meal when you are close to hanging over a toilet.
 Located in a shopping center on the corner of Southern and Mill is convenient for those who are waiting for their car at the tire shop that is also located is that area, or for college students looking to get away from the "scene" of Mill Rd, closer to the University.  The bar offers indoor and outdoor, with the outdoor seating usually reserved for those you prefer to die of lung cancer.  Inside the bar is enormous with a plethora or choices of seating.  There is an area with pool tables and other bar games, and a raised platform like area complete with TVs and booth table seating.  Of course if you don't like the whole table thing, the bar is nice to sit at as well.  One of my favorite amenities at Monkey Pants is the board games.  While you are waiting for food, feel free to grab Monopoly or Sorry to play with friends.
 The menu at Monkey Pants puts a fun spin on the typical bar menu.  While the usual suspects of wings, potato skins and other bar appetizers all grace the front page, the names of the burgers stand out as the focal point of the menu.  Each burger is named after a state, and is garnished with foods from the region.  And if that weren't enough, bacon can be added to anything for a buck.  I started with an order of wings and a side of onion rings.  The burger I ordered was the Nebraska Burger, which to a picky eater is perfect; it's the only plain burger.  I also added bacon...hey, it's only a dollar.
 The appetizers where good and came out quickly.  The wings sauce had a nice flavor and heat, and if I were to guess, did not come out of a can as is.  This is definitely a house recipe.  The onion rings weren't too bad either, but after eating both (with a friend, I'm not that big of a gluten), I did feel like the burger might be a little too much...but I, in the name of writing a review, forged through the fullness.  The burger was cooked just as I asked, and was perfect in size.  The fries, which can kill a meal quickly, were crispy and flavorful.  As I started the main course, I knew that there was no way, that the food in front of me would not survive my stay at the restaurant.
 Service was great.  The sarcastic wit of my waitress made me feel like I was a regular, and quite welcomed any time I liked.  The food, place and service were a complete package of what I am looking for in bar food.  The specialty days that they offer, i.e.: Wig Wednesday, wear a wig get happy hour prices, make me want to frequent the place over and over again.  I would recommend Monkey Pants for anyone in the mood for a good environment, nice food and fun service.  And if you can stay for the One O'clock Shirtless Shot, I would recommend it.  Sure it's a bunch of dudes with their shirts off, but it's free if you join in, and every now and then it's a coed event.
I had a good time at Monkey Pants, we celebrated a buddy leaving for basic training. I will have to go back again. And the one o'clock shirtless shot was awesome. Sorry I don't have more to report because I was drunk and don't remember much else, so that tells you it must be good.
Every time I have gone to Monkey Pants (and I love the name) I've had a good time.  The food, while usually not one of my priorities, is always good, and the guys always seem to dig the free pop corn.  About the only bar I will actually bother with a Juke box, but it's got a decent selection.  And the gimmicks, while just that, seem to work for this place.  I wish they were a little closer to my house, I would go more often.  And I love the 1 o clock shirtless shot - even when I was the only girl in the whole place - it was still fun.
This place jets out some great vibes with its own semi-dive, pseudo punk hipster, quasi sports bar gig goin on. Anyone could fit in here and feel like the scene is just right for what you want. I was initially misled by their funky daily specials, thinking this place was more a fleshy, drunken, routy, sloppy cheap beer joint. Alas, the clouds have parted. I love the board games and have recently fallen in love with the shuffle board. Though the space between the pool tables and shuffle board is quite narrow, this makes for the creation of new friendships (or drunken aquaintences anyway).

The food is fine - I've only ordered food here once, but it was pretty good. My will power however is often stretched to the max around the popcorn after a few shots on Whiskey Makes you Frisky Fridays. This can be both good and bad depending on how much popcorn or maybe how much whiskey is involved...Either way, I will make a conscious effor to be regular here now.
Fun place! Cheap drinks and a very laid back environment. It has a very indie, dive bar feel to it and the crowd is always chill and laid back for being a college crowd. The games are an awesome addition, for a buck you can play on those touch screen games for about 15 minutes and the other games are very affordable as well. 

Cool crowd, decent service, fun games.
The wife and I were looking for something low-key and random to do on Halloween so we gave this place a try.  It was pretty early (8ish) so the place wasn't very busy at all.  That was a good thing because this ensured we could sit wherever we wanted and there was nobody playing that shuffleboard game thing they have.  I LOVE that game!  We had a few reasonably priced drinks while we played then ordered some burgers.  Their burger selection is surprisingly good with tons of topping to choose from.  You really wouldn't expect it from a "dive" bar.

Our burgers were big and juicy and tasted excellent.  I don't think they were pre-made and frozen, but if they were, kudos to the defroster!

The service was excellent as our waitresses were fast and friendly.  For some reason we had 3 different waitresses during the 3 or so hours were were there, but it was ok.  I have to give a shout out to the waitress that took our food order because she brought me a pitcher of diet coke so I could refill it myself.  AWESOME!!  When I eat I somehow drink tons of diet coke and it is always a pain for the waitress to keep on refilling and a pain to wait for another one.  Anyway, we didn't even get to that point because she brought the pitcher right away.  It was like she knew me!  Very impressive!

The price was very reasonable for what we ordered and we had fun.  It seems like most of the people who hang out there are regulars so they are pretty friendly.  We even made some new friends when they challenged us to shuffleboard for drinks.  Good stuff!!
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):
5 Food
5 *Drinks*
6 Service
8 Atmosphere
6 Value

I'll go back because it had a quirky-factor that I liked and b/c I need to try a burger to really gauge the food, but there were no drink specials (sorry, cheap "domestics" doesn't cut it) and my overpriced Frito Chili Pie wasn't good.  The chili was below average and it used shredded cheese.  Frito Chili Pies need nacho cheese.  That's Frito Chili Pie 101.  The service was also slow and uninformed, but she might have been new so maybe that'll come up too.  Luckily the deep fried, bacon wrapped hot dogs saved the Food score a bit.
Okay, the Time Out Lounge is alright and divey and crawling with scenesters and all, but I have always had fun at Monkey Pants.  They always serve me HUGE shots, so I wind up hammered quicker than normal, and perhaps that colors my estimation of the establishment... but I really like it.  It's kitschy, and I think that's cute.  This place is eclectic.  I'm not totally sure if it is going for being a dive, a sports bar & grill, or a retro punk kind of place, but I kind of like that it has all of the above because it just doesn't seem that pretentious to me. I always appreciate the camp-factor in a bar, and the yule log on the television in the back with the velour-covered parlour furniture is a hoot. I also like that it isn't on the main drag, because the strip-mall setting isolates it a bit from the douchebaggery.  It kind of has to be its own destination.  I usually get good service, and while the music can be hit or miss, I'm drunk quick so it's just funny.  I don't think it's that overpriced, and I really like hanging out here.  Being that I do have to make a twenty-ish minute drive to get here, I like it enough to find it worth coming back to, even though it isn't that local to me. Oh, and I know they do "Shirtless Shots." Before you get too excited, just know that you'll take the good with the bad on that one. I have seen my fair share of pasty, sagging flesh at the bar.  And bra staps, too. It's funny... as is the infamous goldfish racing.  Not like I participate or anything.
Funny and just perfect for a Monday night!! I was honored to have a former student as my waitress and did enjoy all her recommendations. I liked the decoration and the music. This was the first place where I've tried a Michelov!

Enjoy the Mustache Mondays for half price drinks (even if it is fake!!).
Nothin special. Never packed which is kinda nice. Decent prices. Decent food. Bartenders and staff are always cool. Crowd is mixed. My favs are the leg lamp, shuffleboard and sofa/fake fireplace combo. Just cuz it's different.
I loved the atmosphere of this place.  The service was decent, but one of the bouncer working there didn't have much of a sense of humor.  I thought there were decent beer choices, and the price was fine.  We had some fried cheese curds and they were delicious!  There was plenty of look at to stay entertained, the bar area was pretty neat.  I want to go back and play SORRY!
Part of me wants to rate Monkey Pants 4 stars, and part of me wants to rate it 2 stars.  I'm going to settle on 3 and leave room for a possible update the next time I go. 

My friends and I stopped in here on our Saturday daytime dive bar crawl (think 6 hours of drinking total for like 25 bucks!) and the place was dead.  There were a few patrons at the bar, and they all looked like they were ready to pass out...at three in the afternoon!  

Imagine a scene in whichever cheesy vampire drama you've gotten into recently when we opened up the door with the bright AZ sunshine pouring in.  Aggghhhh!  Shut the door!  You're letting the darkness out!  

That being said, I see the potential, and reading the reviews below I refuse to rate this solely on this experience.  I'd love to see some of the fun-loving whippersnappers below in the confines of this promising environment.  The drinks were pretty cheap, and the food was not bad (Wisco Cheese Curds Whaaaaaat!).  I'll be back Mr. Pants, and when I do I'll update this review, for better or for worse.  I promise.
I have been to Monkey Pants a few times now, mostly for drinks only.  Recently I had a chance to eat some of the food so it's time to chime in on the full experience.  I love the creativity of the place.  Crazy promotions like, Fish races on Thursdays, shirtless shots at 1, wearing sombreros for discounted tacos and other similar wacky ideas make the atmosphere fun.The prices are reasonable and they always have great specials.  They have a ton of burgers on the menu. My friends who have sampled them say they are very good.  I have had the wings a few times and I have to say they are better than average.  Recently I had the Spanking Monkey Sauce, Grilled.  A combo of the BBQ and Buffalo sauce combined.  Very Good.  I have also had the Tacos, Although they are very generous with the taco meat, filling the shell more than halfway to the top. The taco meat itself was only average. 

Another thing that was unfortunate for me and I am sure it was an isolated incident, but recently when I was there the service was below average.  Not that she wasn't trying, but our waitress was apparently working alone and it took over an hour and a half  from start to finish to eat a quick meal.  We waited an inordinate amount for service, delivery of order and check to arrive.  Other than that, but place was terrific. Go check it out for yourself.
Peanut Butter Cheese Burger! 

This is a great place to watch Sunday football. They have great drink specials and tons of TVs. 
On their menu they have a collection of hamburger creations from around the USA. If you eat all of them you get a T-shirt, TP and Pepto. 
My guy has decided to take on this challenge. He started with the most menacing...Georgia burger. 
Ready: 
Hamburger with American cheese and a huge scoop of creamy peanut butter. 
Gross right??!! 
NOPE. It was fabulous!! The flavors were perfect together, I would actually go back to order one again. You must try this very strange combo that is surprisingly so good and cooked to order. 
The buns were VERY stale. If that is fixed you would have some really great burgers. 

PS Get there for the 1:00pm Sunday shirtless shot!
Peanut butter on a hamburger.

Yep, you have read right.  I had the Georgia Burger... peanut butter, american cheese, add the bacon.

Seriously, you have to, have to try this.  I've seen this on food network several times, but haven't found a place that offers this fantastic combination.

Leave it to a place called Monkey Pants.  Don't get me wrong, I had reservations about ordering this burger blissness.  Not only that, but I couldn't not order something so random and full of potential.  

One of the best burgers I've ever had.  But seriously, Monkey Pants, I know you named the place just so it's hard to take you seriously... but mid afternoon on football Sunday and the bun was stale.  Not just on my burger, but on my gal's burger too.  

Come on Man!  Oh wait, it wasn't Monday Night Football, but could have made the segment had Ditka experienced a burger cooked to order, and the ingredients so sinfully good.  

My advice, order the burger, bring your own buns!
Monkey Pants, The Pants, M Pizzy... Call it what you will, but Monkey Pants is and will always be one of my favorite bars in Tempe. I love this place because it's a bar that reminds its customers that they can let loose and not take themselves so seriously. Customers are also kindly reminded that they can receive a free shot just for showing off a little skin during the 1 o'clock shirtless shot! It's nonsense like this that made me a regular here, and it's nonsense like this that will always encourage me to bring my friends here for a good time.

The Pants isn't all about wackiness though, they take a few things seriously, like their food. A lot of the menu is typical bar fare, but there are a few things that stand out. In an attempt to cater to the influx of new-to-town transplants, they have burgers named by their state of influence. I definitely nod in the direction of the New Mexico, the Arizona and the Georgia burgers. They are all amazing, and if you're feeling silly, go for the Alaskan burger...that's sure to make your server (or Chris the bartender) chuckle. Next up, The Pants' ranch. They seriously need to bottle that and sell it. That ranch is the tastiest that I've ever had, and when paired with the fries, it's what the French would call, "Bueno!" ...or something like that. The ranch can also be paired with some pretty delicious hot wings as well. If you decide to go with those, get them charred on the grill with extra sauce!

In my opinion, any night is a good night for M Pizzy. But, if I had to choose a couple to recommend, they would be Wednesday for Wig Wednesday (happy hour prices from 8pm until close if you wear a wig...which are provided...and $2 off burgers) and Thursday ($5 hot dog special, live comedy and goldfish races after 10pm). Monkey Pants is a happening spot; go and get yo ass in The Pants!
Monkeypants is an unassuming watering hole on the corner of Mill and Southern in Tempe, holding down an anchor space in a strip mall next to a tire shop. Not a great sale so far, I know. 

BUT, what's so great about Monkeypants is that it's not about flash or sizzle, or about broad appeal. It's a goofy little neighborhood bar with sassy waitresses who serve up delicious wings and cold beer. The juke box plays everything from Ludicris to Grand Funk Railroad, there's plenty of sports on TV, and the expansive patio (along with no-nonsense bouncers) keeps the riff raff out. 

If you're looking for Affliction T-shirts and overly tan women in short skirts, Monkeypants is definitely not the bar for you, but if you want to share postgame laughs with your softball team while eating food that's not very good for you, you can't do much better than the Pants.
My office is down the street and this is one of our favorite spots for Happy Hour. I love the daily specials and enjoy sitting down with come jalapeno cheese curds and a game of Clue.
Wow, Monkey Pants, you really let me down.  I've heard so many great things, from Yelp and from friends, and I couldn't wait to check this place out.  I finally did, and was honestly very surprised at how much I didn't like this place.

So the basics... you can usually get 2 out of 3 on service, price, and quality.  Well the service sucked.  The waitress was literally angry we were there.  The prices were ok.  Quality?  When your coke doesn't taste like coke (we're talking about soda here), the lemonade doesn't taste like lemonade, and the nachos seem like they've been prepared a few hours ago... not my place.

The decor confused me.  It seemed like they wanted to try for a sports restaurant, with a ton of TVs, but the TVs were fighting with the grandma's living room section.  I didn't feel the vibe, in fact I felt the desire to go home.

They have a free comedy show on Thursday nights as well.  The MC kept reminding us that you get what you pay for, but he must have been lying because they didn't pay me to sit through it.  Just about nothing offends me, but these "comedians" had offense on lock.  Jokes about rape and abortion, one after another, and nobody was laughing - time to give it up.
I popped into Monkey Pants for my first time not long ago. I guess the best way to describe the environment is gloriously tacky. It was Christmas time so they had lights up, including the sexy leg lamp thingy from "A Christmas Story", a wood fireplace on TV and they were building a beer can Christmas tree. Picture the biggest beer castle ever. From the floor to the ceiling. Yes, gloriously tacky is a wonderful description.

The music her was mostly country and rock. Sorry, Lady Gaga fans. The crowd was very mixed. It seems many people from many different backgrounds come here to bask in Monkey Pants' soft, tacky glow. The drinks specials were good, the waitstaff was very attentive, and they had many TVs with various sports events on. 

One of the coolest things about Monkey Pants is the boardgames. Who doesn't want cheap drinks and Battleship? I dare ye find such a man. 

I didn't get a chance to look at the menu, but as a vegan bar food for me usually means peanuts or french fries.
This place used to be my spot.  I spent countless hours in this bar in my mid to late twenties waxing philosophical with any drunk that was around.  I actually met my wife in this bar, and many people that I am still friends with today, which is why I can't rate it poorly, but the fact is, the place has slipped considerably in the past couple of years.

Every time I've been in lately, the bartenders are nasty rude bitches.  It wasn't like that before.  The customer service was top notch all the years I went to this place, pero no mas.

I stopped in for breakfast on a weekend with my buddy and my 1 year old daughter.  We had the breakfast, which is pretty cheap and pretty good.  The bartender seemed upset that she had to wait on us.  Needless to say, we had an okay breakfast at an okay place, that used to be an awesome place.  My daughter didn't make a mess, but she did throw her sippy cup under the table, and I didn't notice until I was out at the car.  When I came back in to get it, the bartender told me she threw it away (it is a nice, obviously not disposable cup thingy).  I had to fish it out of the trash (she didn't offer to get it for me, pointing from behind the bar to a trash can, and no excuses or apology, just nasty bitchiness).  So apparently my daughter isn't welcome to eat breakfast, in an empty bar that serves food, on a Sunday morning, in the same place where her dad met her mom?  Give me a break.

The decor in this place is still awesome, with plenty to look at on the walls, if you feel so inclined.  It has character, and a great layout.  The only thing missing is service.
This is a unique bar in Tempe.  They have old school couches, board games, pool, an odd shot thing at 1am if you take your shirt off, townies, old school bar food, arcade games, and a fake fireplace. 

It's one of my favorite places to take a first date because there is enough around to break the ice and start the conversation.
I love dive bars and unlike many other dive bars, Monkey Pants is one with a younger crowd... one where you will not be the only person without an AARP card in your wallet.  

The bartender looked like the main male character from (500) Days of Summer. Great. The drinks were cheap and strong. Even greater. This is probably the reason that I even thought the bartender looked like a quasi Joseph Gordon-Levitt. 

Hands down, the BEST part of the night is when its time for 'free shots if you take off your shirt'.  Ideally this is meant for the ladies of the bar. The reality, however, is much more entertaining. Suddenly there are dozens of shirtless men (who really shouldn't be shirtless in any circumstance) parading around the bar.  Anyone first walking into the establishment would think they've entered a bad porno or some sort of explicit party.  Its hilarious but unfortunately that image will be forever burned into my memory, regardless of how much alcohol was circulating throughout my nueral cavity.

I had to hold back one star only because the crowd is a bit to 'frat boy' esque for my liking. Although it is par for the course being located on Mill Ave near ASU campus.
I was in this bar on Sunday at noon.  There were a total of 5 people sitting at the bar, which was fine with me, because I really just want ed a quick bite to eat and a beer.

The place was very dark, just as it should be.  The bartender was attentive (and since she wasn't that busy, it would have irritated me if she wasn't).

The beer was cold, the food was decent.

I had the fish and chips, and my buddy had the rueben.  Both were well done bar food.  Nothing special, but nothing to complain about either.  Goldilocks bar food--Just Right.

1 small pitcher of Bud light
1 pint Kilt Lifter
1 rueben
1 fish and chips

Bill was $24 + $6 tip = $30 total.  $15 each.  Not bad.

The place was clean enough that I'd eat there again.  It would have been nice if they were still serving breakfast at noon on a Sunday.  Why, because it is Sunday, and breakfasts can also be lunch.  It is called brunch.
This is a very interesting place.  Don't go here thinking it will be classy.
The ambiance is just ok but the people watching and entertainment factor on my night out made it ok to round up.  I didn't try the food.  

Out on a rather impromptu night out we stopped in here after 10pm on Easter Eve.  Anna M. had mentioned that their website said something about appearances from Jesus and the Easter Bunny, and sho' nuff as soon as we walk in I see a  Girl wearing an Bunny head and a Jesus in a corner offering the Stations -Trials that a faithful Monkey Pants patron could go through for a few shots and a t-shirt (Facing insults, washing Jesus' feet, drinking wine from a sponge, among other things).  Also as the clock hits 1am they have shirtless shots, where everyone who takes off their shirt is offered a shot.  Now its mostly the boys doing this.  Either way it is entertaining.      

This is definitely nothing fancy about this place.  Just a down to earth slightly dive-y location where you can drink cold beer, have some food and play a little pool if you choose.  I may have to go back and try their grub here soon....
Monkey Pants was really dark, there were sombreros sitting here and there and there was a bulletin board across from where I was sitting covered with Polaroid photos (I assume victors of Burger Nation challenge they have).  The clientele appeared to be local regulars (always a good sign).

This is the only place I have ever been that offers 3 varieties of wings: fried, grilled or blackened.  I tried a hot grilled dozen.  The wings were very tasty but not hot by any means.  I'm not sure if my order was prepared wrong or if the grilling neutralizes the hotness a bit.  Either way the wings were very good so I have no real complaints.  It did take a bit for my wings to be served but the website did indicate that they employ only one cook and everything is made fresh.  I don't mind waiting for good eats.

The bar is large with ample seats at the bar and many tables.  If you're a sports fan they have television sets all over.  They don't all have the best picture but you won't miss any action.  There's a pool table, various arcade games and a jukebox (loaded with compact discs).  

I dig Monkey Pants.  One day I shall return and inquire about the Burger Nation challenge.
shitty slow service. beer selection was blah....

only thing i really liked was all the games they had..but i didnt even want to stay around to hang out and play em'

was not impressed..had a different picture of this place based on the reviews...guess ts one of those see for yourself kinda places and see if ya like it.
My friend and I came here because that there were themed nights to participate in. Originally, we came for 'mustache Monday,' however, instead participated in the trivia night. Although we were absolutely awful at the trivia itself, we had so much fun. The staff was super nice and attentive and definitely made us feel very welcome. The best part about the trivia night is that the winners of every round get a prize (more incentive to win, no?) Monkey Pants has a very chill and homey feel to it, and I really enjoy that. Honestly, my friend and I plan on making as many trivia nights as we can because it was so fun. The food is also nicely priced with daily deals and happy hour deals.
They have fun specials, and kinda cool theme nights. Really good food for a bar. The manager/bartender Nate makes this place worth going to even if they had shitty everything else.
Not impressed.

Dark, which is good because I'm not sure it would pass a health inspection otherwise.

Are fried cheese curds supposed to be chewy like silly putty?

Burger was way over cooked and drrrrryyyyyyyy.  I ordered some state, they name their burgers after states, that had a pepper sauce only it wasn't saucey, explain that please.

Two good points: decent fries and lots of tv's.
Onstar: "Hi where can onstar take you?" Me: "Hi I need to get to Monkey Pants Bar in Tempe, AZ" Onstar:"where? Can you please spell that?" HAHAHA! Anyway, good thing I gots me some free onstar cuz the pants is somewhat hard to find in a strip mall. However, they have great drink specials and friendly servers! They have theme nights, so that's fun. 

Wings were pretty good. Cheese curds are awesome! They also have some interesting burger options. Also a bacon-wrapped, deep fried hot dog!!! Say What!? Yeah that's right. I unfortunately have not ordered it yet, but a friend did and he liked it. But really, how can it be bad!?
First of all, I'll start with the name.  I originally thought that this was a children's clothing store.  I don't like cutesy names for kid's clothing stores, so taking a name like that and applying it to a bar is enough to rile up the cranky old man inside of me.  But I digress.

I came here on a date (her choice), and got there a few minutes before she did...so I ordered a whiskey and diet.  The diet was flat.  I found a table and sat down and was messing around on my phone while waiting.  As I was viewing the 2011 Cardinals schedule on my phone, I saw something moving across the table out of the corner of my eye.  It was a cockroach.  

Anyways, once she got to the bar, we had a couple other mild disappointments.  The waitress seemed scatterbrained for the first half of the time we were there.  She bought us drinks that we didn't order, and didn't bring us ones that we did.  However, after a while, she improved...I'm guessing that she was "in the weeds" as servers call it, when we got there.  Not a big deal, but obviously not impressive.

The girl I was with ordered what they call a "vegetarian" quesadilla.  I would have just called it a quesadilla.  There's not really any veggies in it.  Also, they are the only place I have ever been to that mentions Hepatitis on the menu, but they spelled it wrong.  Misspellings on menus also rile me up, what can I say?

All said, this is a below-average bar in my opinion.  I would go back, but only if a friend or someone wanted to go...not a recommendation in my book at all.
My experience with Monkey Pants takes place on a Thursday. I am a stand up comic and I love comedy, and Monkey Pants has grown into a great little room for people to see some great comedy.

If you haven't liked Monkey Pants before, try going back during a comedy show, and they have 3 dollar captain and cokes, and cheese curds that are pretty tasty. (probably not that healthy though)

(thursday night - @ 830 pm)


P.S. I've also been on trivia night, which was also fun, but I suck at trivia... soooo. If you're into trivia, you should go that night instead.
Far and away the best dive bar I've been to. Nate is light years beyond any other person working any type of customer service, safe to say the best bartender you'll ever have. Great environment, the food is bar food but still tasty(Cali burger and cheese curds ftw). The wait staff, especially Alex, are awesome and friendly. All in all it's an amazing place that you'll always enjoy.
Been here once. Pretty fun little place. Kind of trashy peeps from time to time but otherwise a good time. Have not tried the food as of yet. HH is good though.
I've drank here about 5x, played games about 6x, and ate here about 4x. 

First off - I LOVE THE CHEESE CURDS. They are little greasy nuggets of joy. So if you don't like greasy food, these are the last thing you should order. But dang, they are awesome. :)

So, I like shuffleboard. Enough that I've played for shirts before (of which I won, by the way). When my opponent lost their shirt, Monkey Pants and any other patrons didn't even seem to mind. After all, they have a shirtless shot 1-2x a night anyways so it isn't completely uncommon to see shirtless people in here.

Drinks seem to be reasonable here as well, especially if you order some of their special drinks.

Food is pretty decent as well and I'd put it about one step above bar food in some cases.

I'm not sure how long they have been doing it... but they had a "power saver" night where they wouldn't use lights, but rather candles for their lighting. As stupid as it sounds, I REALLY loved it. The bartenders also dressed up and it ended up feeling like a speak-easy. Speaking of bartenders, they are pretty dang attentive. I think I've received some of the fastest service here.

Overall, I like this place. I wish I lived closer so I could just walk there. I could see this as being my local watering hole.

PS - They have a lot of board games too. So if you're looking to spice things up. Grab an old fashioned board game and have at it!
Food is not very good, atmosphere isn't either. Lots of TVs is all they have going for them.
burgers are good... but i spent 21 (including tip) for a burger and an appetizer.. no drink... HOLY SHIT.
What a great venue! I went on a Thursday night for the free comedy and was pleasantly surprised at the turn out, the comedy, and the great vibe.

If you're not into comedy, don't worry! The location allows for two set up - one half of the place was a bar and the other was a stage for the comedy. When the comedy was over, they opened the place up again. It was great!

The service wasn't super amazing but it was typical for your bar scene. The prices were average and the food was just okay.

Show up on Thursday nights at 8:30pm, get some free entertainment, and enjoy this place!
Food was cold. Margaritas were disgusting. Cranberry and vodka were gross. Given dirty plates to eat appetizers off of. Had bugs on drinks. Came to have a few drinks with family bad service all around. Was not even helped for 20min after we sat down.
Huge place - bigger than it looks.  Lots of unique things going on here on various nights.  Such as fish races on Thursdays.

Interesting characters (regulars) to visit with at the bar too!

Beer selection was decent but nothing stellar.
I'm a complete dive bar junkie. Whether I'm in a big city, or small town I always seek out the local spots. I was in Tempe with work and we happened to drive into town right at last call so we searched for the closest bar which just happened to be Monkey Pants. After we got over laughing at the name and the paint job on their truck...we went in and were greeted by the waitress right away. It wasn't too busy especially for a Friday night but the place is huge! The bartender was very attentive and adorable. 

 I really wish I could've made another stop at this bar before I went back home..I saw a bunch of posters for all these theme nights and great deals. Reading previous reviews it sounds like they have parties going on like this all the time. Great bar!
I used to live right down the street from Monkey Pants and it's an awesome option if you want to grab some drinks on a weeknight. I used to go on Wednesdays because there was hilarious karaoke and free goldfish racing (where you name and race a goldfish against a random other person by squirting a bottle to try and push it down a lane to the finish line). My roommate actually won the goldfish tourney and we got 20 bucks off our tab. The food is mediocre but what is to be expected for those prices?! ...And of course the topless free shot at 1am is amazing. It isn't as bad as it sounds because everyone (guy/girl) takes off their shirt and there are so many people that no one is caring whether you're hot or a fat mess, it's all about having a good time (and it's not like you take off your bra).
if you want a a perfect gem that has all walks of life coming together around a local dive bar that is funky fresh MONKEY PANTS is the place for you! 
Wednesdays never fails hilarious karaoke is always a riot, the drink specails are great too! 
during day light hours it looks like nothing special but stop by the place around 10:45pm and its a a local spot filled with hipsters and tons of other people just down for a good time. 
from 21- 65 perfect for all ages to just enjoy life and have a good laugh around at the live entertainment, hope to see you on wednesday night!
This is the closest you'll get to a real life Cheers bar where "everybody knows your name".  The staff is great and super friendly.  Drink prices are reasonable.  If you are hungry get the grilled chicken wings.  My favorite.
So the place has Christmas lights, and a fair amount of ambiance, and supposedly there's a shirtless shot at 1:00 - which might make going back worth it.  Other than that, the service was less than lackluster, the domestic kegs all seemed flat.  In other words, go somewhere else unless it's 1:00 and you want to see some daytime nudity.
I really didn't know what to think about this place after I heard the name. I was pleasantly surprised when I went in. Old style cocktails available as well as ample seating for watching sports. I did get to play ski ball too. Definitely a great local bar.
Great atmosphere and food. Pretty terrible service.
This bar has quickly become my go-to since it's like, a 5 minute walk from my house..I can just stumble on home if I've had a few too many. 

This place is really divey, and the decor is pretty comical. Pictures of teddy bears doing sports on one wall and portraits of naked ladies on the other...The vibe of the place is VERY fun. There's plenty of seating and they have a section where there's a stage for comedy and karaoke nights. And.. get this! They have GAMES! There's always something going on every night. I think they also do a night called Fancy Pants? I've been there once..not too sure it's a regular thing.

The drinks and food are great here. I can't speak for Burgers Across America (since I don't eat meat), but I've had plenty of things here..the cheese curds (omg delicious), veggie wrap and grilled cheese. Yum! 

I have witnessed the 1am shirtless shots. What I have not seen are many ladies partaking in it. It's usually a lot of guys...haha. 

Service is usually pretty prompt unless they are super busy. The staff is super friendly. Overall, I've never had a bad experience and I've been here several times.
After sitting at a table for about ten minutes, I asked the bartender why the server was ignoring me, he said there was no server,even though she was clearly present. If you are unable to take my money, I will be more than glad to spend it elsewhere. If you have a secret ordering technique, let a motherfucker know. Sorry, the schedule of servers isn't posted on the wall,and as handsome as I am, I am not psychic. So in total, fuck you, fuck your ignoring ass server, fuck your bar, aand your schedule of servers, that apparently, everyone is supposed to know.
Checked out the comedy night last Thursday here. Decent bar with an unusual two room setup. One side is just totally bar and the other side has a stage for whatever. They had $4 captain and Coke on Thursday, but the comedy was the same pathetic amateurs telling fart jokes. Can't expect much for free. Patio was nice outside - too bad patio's can't have a non-smoking section. College bar.
Cheap drinks and have my favorite, Kahlua and black coffee (which a lot of bars won't carry.) Good for big groups. Service has been solid every time I've gone.
I love this bar!

The set up with all the lounges is excellent. It is amazing how spacious this bar is!

They have a good beer selection, surprisingly they have Killians on tap, it is rare any bar has Killians on tap. 

The service is awesome, everyone is very nice.  Lindsey & Erica are the best!

If you like a laid back bar with friendly people this bar is for you.
Disguised as a dive in location and by name, it's not really that divey. In fact it has a established feel to it as I escape the Phoenix summer into a dark bar that is far less silly than the sign suggests. 

I expected an atmosphere of sweet depression and melancholy, but find a very standard bar that is bigger than I could have imagined.  

I wouldn't go here to eat, if that was my main purpose. The food is ok, but I don't find the kitchen containing any culinary surprises but the wings are fried, sauced and then grilled. That's nice. The service is fair.

I came here to meet people and play some games. I never got to the game part at all, but that's ok and I don't regret it. I have no doubts that I will get back here on one occasion or another. I has a certain appeal, even if I am not sure what it is. So, for a dive its great - but even for a dive I can ask for more. 

Don't change Monkey Pants..
Food was almost average couldve been better had hot  wings and fries blah!..Service incredibly slow on a friday afternoon,had to take my tab and go find the waittress to cash out.Guess cant wrong with the drinks and bottled beer here(only miller and coors on tap).Sports on tvs all over gives it 2 stars.......
I've never been here before, but I came on Thursday to see one of my friends do his last standup act in Arizona. (He's moving to NYC, he'll probably be a star one day). 

The place was pretty cool! I've never been to a place like that before, so it was a new experience. I didn't have any food, but it looked good from what I saw. 

I went during the comedy night, so it was pretty packed. A lot of people had to stand and watch the people perform. 

Not a bad crowd of comics either! Some were hilarious, some were so-so, but I totally give them props for going up there. That seem brutal. 

I don't know if I'd ever come back, just because it's on the otherside of the world from where I live, but if my friend ever did an encore, I'd be there in a sec!
You walk in and it's a bit dark and sleepy. But there're lots of games and TVs. And wait there's ski ball what? Ya. Will be back for sure. 

Drinks and service were awesome. Lovely bartenders! Wanna see this place on a Friday or Saturday.
This is a fun place to go when you just want to grab some grub, drink, and hang out. They are very accommodating when it comes to football, they make sure you get to watch the game you want to see:) I had the New Mexico burger, which was pretty good.
Myself and a co-worker had used to go here every thursday after work. The service has always been a touch slow. We loved the wings and onion rings. Our last visit there was a disaster. We took a larger group from work to celebrate a co-workers promotion. We were largely ignored and what service we did receive was rude. The waitress...to use the term loosely...was even argumentative. Especially with one of our more sun tanned guests. After that experience we have not been back and have no intentions of it. Goodbye monkey skanks
Great bar. Love the location and the atmosphere.
I played Cards Against Humanity at this place once in June and had myself a brew.  It was a fun place.  I hear they have Karaoke here, which is always a great thing.  The food here looks delicious.  I can't recall if I sampled someone else's food here, but I think it was good.  FOUR STARS!
One of the worst bars in the Phoenix area. I've been here in years past and it was a dive....it's just what it is and always will be. I like dive bars. 
Event: karaoke Saturday. Low energy Dj on his laptop who messes up everyones song consistently. That's about all that is guaranteed. He looked like a grubby Wolverine and was out to smoke/ talk on his phone once he figured out which magic button he could mash to play almost the correct song. I was there for 2 hours....
Ambiance: always known as a little bit icky dive bar (fine by me) this place has gotten worse! Bathrooms were filthy and there were dirty poo filled fish tanks next to the bar. On the counters were lovely flip flyers of things that go on every night including..."Wigger Wednesday" where you wear a wig. Not cute for business. You want my money? This is the b.s. you expect at a houseparty....where you would find more likeable characters and spend less money. 
This time it had been 2 years since I came. Bought a round of drinks for my friends and watched as the "bartender" poured the equivalent of 1 1/2 shots of liquor total for 4 tall drinks. She then added Sprite to the shaker and mounded the pint glasses heaping with ice. Even then it couldn't be watered down enough so guess what? MORE SPRITE.
I asked for an extra shot of vodka in each when she brought them to me. She then charged me $5 each drink for a 2 count (at best) which is half a pour for non bar people. So all in all I paid a fortune for 4 very weak tall drinks for my friends. I didn't have a fit because 3 of my friends were locals and I didn't want to make a fuss in case they went back. I left her $1.01 tip....and you know what that $.01 means when you works for tips. If she would have given me a full shot as a back I would have tipped her $7-8 for the drinks. 
To top off the evening was "shirtless shots" where the woman bartender (see glasses of Sprite above) takes off her shirt (leaves bra on, thankfully) and pours premade 1/2 Chambord 1/2 Soda Water shots from pitchers as only shirtless dudes line up to the bar. I didn't see the whole bar, but 3 of the guys I went with went up for fun. One did not get a shot at all, which is ridiculous since our group had been taking turns buying entire rounds of drinks 4-5 at a time. It is a gimmick, but when in Rome, I get it. It was just such a let down of things that could have been made better with a better staff attitude and training, a little more consciousness and consistency.

 Skip it. You're better driving into the desert and drinking your own Pucker and Sprite from a plastic cup.....and you'd have better music I'm sure of it.
It's close to home...though I do not quite see where it gets it's Dive Bar reputation.

Granted, it's dark enough inside for my eyes to take 3 minutes to adjust after entering from the sun...and while the ambience is clean enough, the place seems a bit sleepy.  From my experiences, I have been there when the place was nearly empty as well as when it has been pretty busy.  

The food...it is adequate for bar food.  This ain't the place to bring Mum for a special dinner...though if she enjoys burgers, wings, fish and chips or a Reuben along with a beer or other beverage, she will probably have a decent time.  Maybe I have not patronized Monkey Pants enough...I have yet to see a bar fight or anyone ejected for playing the fool.  One of the "regulars" has regaled me with tales on two visits, though, of some serious beer-inspired battles that have taken place in or around the bar.  

There are no major problems in the cleanliness of the bar or the restrooms...though I am sure when the place gets busy, the clean factor probably takes a hit.  The prices are on par with most other offerings around the area...and Karaoke Saturday is on my list as a "should attend".

More as I visit again.
I go here a lot with my work friends. Great staff, great atmosphere, and great food. What else can you ask for? :)
It doesn't look like much when you walk in, but the staff is friendly, the drinks are inexpensive and if there is karaoke going on it is great fun, even if the DJ is a little scattered.
Almost everyone seemed to know each other, but even being from out of town and not knowing anyone I felt welcome.
Nice fun dive bar.
The cheese curds are absolutely amazing. The prices and specials are great. They lost two stars because their service lacks. Usually have to ask multiple times for a check, get a lot of "wait what did you all order again?" Ask again for the check...again, you get the idea.
Perfect dive hidden in a shopping strip.  They have a karaoke day every week and a tiny corner stage for you to sing on.  Nice thing about this is that it is separated from the rest of the bar, so if you don't want to hear/watch it, you don't have to.  Everyone has always been very friendly, here.  If you are looking for a place to unwind and just hang out, Monkeypants is a place to go.
Nasty...the owner was drunk and verbally abusing his employees.  The place was dirty, never going back.
Very cool it was kinda dark and divey pretty good food and drinks the poker people setting up were a little bossy i guess we were in the way we didnt stick around to play would like to go back for karaoke
Hey Amber,  

Grubby Wolverine here.  The post you wrote was brought to my attention the other day and I just wanted to take a moment and reach out to you.  

Nice review.  I'm a true advocate of customer service and expect the best from those I give my business too.  I'm a business owner as well.  I'm horrible at writing reviews but I have a collection of videos I make, typically eating breakfast with my girlfriend.  I'm launching my You Tube channel once I'm up to around 30 reviews. 

Karaoke was a business I started in KC 5 years back.  It has been great supplemental income and now one of my favorite artistic and creative outlets.  I take great pride in being the best at it.  

Judging by the time of your post, I started my gig there a few months before.  About me smoking and being on the phone, It sounds like I was stressed out over something and having a bad night.  I do apologize.  Those nights are few and far between.  I am usually very entertaining and energetic and put on an awesome show.

As far as the Pants goes, nothing has changed there since it opened 12 years ago.  Including the 1 o'clock, am and pm shirtless shots as well as the fish racing tanks. I won the fish races back in 03 and the picture of me drinking my fish is still on the wall.  One thing that has made the pants a success is consistency.  I know what bartender you were referring to and she is no longer there.  Staff comes and goes and the management seems pretty good at keeping the right people on board. 

I'd like to personally make it up to you.  Come in again on one of my nights, Wed, Sat, Sun and I promise to show you the best karaoke show in town and an absolutely amazing time.  I'll get your first drinks.  :)  I know you've been in a few times.  One thing I can guarantee is your next time will be the best.

Cheers,
Ben.
Not long ago I discovered I had a superpower; I'm invisible you see. I didn't know I was some sort of super being until I went to Monkey Pants. But right then and there, one faithful night my powers manifested and with a snap of your fingers I was invisible. Suddenly none of the bartenders at this place could see me.  No matter where I stood or how hard I smiled, tried to look friendly and make eye contact all of them stared right past me like I wasn't even there.  I didn't want to startle anyone so I didn't cry out, whistle or yell at any of the staff and seeing as how I was now invisible I was afraid that if I waved my arms or beckoned I might poke out the eye of an innocent bystander (with great power comes great responsibility don't you know). Besides I wouldn't do any of those things if I were a regular Joe customer visible for all to see; I use a thing called "bar etiquette" and disdain folks that are rude and do those sorts of things to any hard working bar staff. With visions of fighting crime and seeing bevies of naked women unseen and was gleefully giggling at my stroke of good fortune when another customer asked me what was so funny. 

I was crushed. When the bus boy asked if I was finished with my drink I came to the sobering realization that my power of invisibility only worked on the bartending staff of Monkey pants; my new found superpowers had their limitations. When I stood too close to one of the regulars I was visible too and was eventually served.

I went back to the table on the smoking patio that my lovely companions and I had claimed and excitedly explained to my well dressed and attractive female companions of my new found powers (and their limitations) and was dumb struck to find out that they too had manifested the powers of invisibility as none of the wait staff could see them either. And sure enough no less than three waitresses passed by in less than ten minutes, our table void of drinks and none of them could see our pleading features.  In fact as the night dragged along the waitress seemed more interested in getting to their shifty drinks after work and even placing regulars at our table failed to garnish us any attention.  As last called neared there were so many people wearing monkey pants attire on the smoking patio it was hard to tell who was working and who was working on a buzz. Not that it mattered because we were still invisible you see. 

Through-out the evening after sitting drink-less for dozens of minutes on end, my invisible friends and I had to stoop to standing next to regulars at the bar to be seen just to get a drink. There were a number of these patrons that I wished my superpowers worked on; especially the girl that decided to point out my jeans were riding a little too low by putting her finger in my ass crack. During one of my extremely long and patient waits at the bar I ended up getting tired (a side effect of being invisible perhaps?) and leaned on one of the stickiest bars I've ever come across. People were eating food here too which amazed me because there didn't seem to be soap or a way to dry your hands in the restrooms and I could only imagine how dirty those fingers were that they were licking nacho grease off of. 

Our night ended without incident and we left, unseen by the staff of course. 

An interesting post script is that apparently the burned out neon sign that adorns this place was the source of our collective super powers because we're not invisible to bar and wait staff anywhere else but Monkey Pants. But rest assured, dear reader, that the next time I want a place with a smoking patio where I can use my super power of invisibility you'll be sure to see me at Monkey Pants...or will you?
This local dive bar is an absolute blast. For starters, beers are an awesome $2.25 or something, where if you go to most other places around town you're paying double or triple that. The staff is extremely friendly and willing to be accommodating to large groups and any designated drivers. 
Karaoke night is so much fun - i definitely recommend going. 
The bar is spread out, giving people plenty of room to just chill, play pool, darts, or go outside for a smoke. 
To top it all off, they even have yummy food.
My new FAVORITE spot in the Sun City. This is a friendly neighborhood spot with some excellent bar food. I had wings 3-ways. Go figure. This is like going to your brother-in-law's backyard & drinking cold beer. Then he says hey, I experimenting with wings as a gift to you.  He proceeds to blacken some amazing chicken appendages & then grills some. Just for you. Because he loves your sister- he owes you.  And he makes it up to you by serving you some fantastic grilled, traditional & blackened wings. Oh and he has a deep fryer & makes fried zucchini & fresh cut fries. Maybe he's hoping you have a heart attack right there. You don't care, it's heaven. BTW - he's bringing you ice cold beer before your glass ever gets empty. But you realize it's no backyard dream - it's real. 
Here's where it gets really great. The beautiful ladies at Monkey Pants are the most charming & friendly folks you'll find. Melanie & Sarah - I'm talking about you!  Thanks for a great nite!  Epic.
Me and a couple of coworkers went here on Saturday night at around 11:30 PM.

It took 8 minutes to get my first drink, a beer at the bar. It was terrible. The glass was sticky and seemed dirty. The orange in my Blue Moon looked like it was sliced a few days ago. 

The guy in charge of the karaoke (someone told me he is one of the owners) that sits on the back table smoking his E-cigarette by his laptop is a dick. Some drunk guy tipped him to cut the queue for karaoke and he took it. The guy came back and asked to go again. One thing let to another and they started fighting in the middle of the bar. As we started to look for security we realized something.... What security?! No one even Asked for my ID when I entered the bar. 

Finally after a few minutes one of the other owners/ staff stormed through and almost knocked me over. They roughed the drunk guy out. Not even 10 minutes later we spot the drunk guy in the bar yet again... How? .. Remember? No bouncers at this bar. 

Bathrooms? .. Filthy. I'm pretty sure I stared at a piece of crap on the top of the toilet paper holder. I could not believe someone would do that. Like seriously WHY?! 

On yea and I tried to get a second drink and the bartender asked me what I wanted however she absolutely forgot. 

Bottom line. Worst bar I have ever Been to.  Don't do it.
You want a Dive?!  You got a Dive!?  They have a Dive!!  Monkey Pants is a Dive!!
Well, maybe not in that classic and true sense of the word Dive, but Monkey Pants has most of the symptoms.

My buddy was out to show me something he knows, and to have some fun in the process.  Ol' Monkey Pants didn't let him down.

We didn't wait long for drinks, and the bartender was on her game.  Plus she was cordial.  She may not have looked like she was having fun, but she reassured us after a bit of conversation that she was enjoying the night.

We just hit the place up for a beverage or six, and strayed from the food.  Not for any good reason.  We had previously ate is all.
The Fireball flowed, and flowed well that night.  All the way up to the "Shirtless Shots" hour, and all I can say is, it's a good niche.  You would think it would be pants, but then again... that's probably not a good idea.
Good people, in a good bar, and everyone was just out for a bit of fun that night it seems.  Bravo, and brava to them.

All in all, Monkey Pants was a good time, and it was a nice change of scenery from Mill Ave, and that shenanigans.  Like I said, not a true dive, but it would hold its own in a Dive contest of some kind.... yeah, Dive contest.
i'm not usually one to patron dos, especially on a crazy day like cinco de mayo, but after relocating to south tempe my options are severely limited on bars i can (or want) to ride my bike to. on a huge DUI enforcement night, bikes were in order and when i found out a brand new dos was opening here i couldn't argue.

it's what you've come to love about this trailer park/rocky point - inspired chain of bar/restaurants. i arrived at about 5 on 5/05 and it the patio was already packed. no cover, and no tables either. big patio and more inside seating at tables than usual. i understand this is supposed to be a more "grown up" dos, more family friendly with a more elaborate menu. it was certainly not family friendly on cinco! ha, i left the craziness at about 7 to watch the fight at a nearby club, and heard from a friend who worked that night that there were more than a few fights - including a girl getting jumped in the bathroom, but that's all heresay and conjecture at this point.
good to see grown ups with families still know how to get out of control wasted on holidays and try to kill each other. 

but seriously, i can't complain, i was treated very nice by the staff and managers because i had worked with them in the past, and they're more than cool and down to earth. only downside (aside from the basic bro element associated with all dos') is no designated bike locking area, but after seeing how many bikes were there that night, hopefully they'll get a set up.
I haven't been to this particular location before, so I wasn't sure if it would be like the old Dos that used to be on Uni by ASU.  But the NYF tournament party was there, so I had to go.  And I was a little hesitant because honestly...the party usually sucks.

However, I was totally wrong about this place!  The (free) margaritas were potent, beer was cold, chips were addictive, and the waitresses were very accommodating (and hot...that too).  They made sure we were constantly filled up, even if some people weren't tipping (bad juju!).

I didn't try the food, and I probably won't be back here unless I'm in this part of AZ again (which would be...same time next year), but if I could, I'd go back for sure.  Wish I had ordered food though, just to see how they were...  I never ordered their fish tacos, because when I was a student, i was more concerned with drinking as much as I could before getting booted as opposed to eating.
It sure isn't authentic Mexican food, but why fool ourselves.  That's not why we're here.  We're here for our nacho fix and some Mexican Moonshine at noon and it always fits the bill.  The food is as it says it is on the menu, the prices are fair and as a bonus to y'all, I went out on a limb and tried the ceviche.  I would definitely order it again.
This review is for the Chandler location.

The food here is pretty good. We came here twice during my last visit to AZ. We tried the nachos, the 7 layer dip, the guac and chips. The nachos were really good (make sure to add steak or chicken, both are great), and they give you a lotta guac too. The 7 layer dip was kinda dull, like they scooped out the filling of a microwaved bean and cheese burrito. Either way, all their food is pretty cheap, and during happy hour, drinks are a great deal. Also, I like the way the place is set up; most of it is outdoors/patio, so it makes for a different experience. There's also a lot of games and things to do. We saw a group of guys playing beer pong on one of the tables, and by the women's restroom there's a lobster catching game. We'd spent like 12 bucks on that game and didn't win ourselves a lobster but we got close one time, and it was pretty damn fun.
Do you remember the mosh pit scene from the Lost Boys...Like that scene, this restaurant is anarchy personified. It is white trash skater/X-games charm at it's finest!   You must possess at least 5 tattoos and 3 body piercings to work there. When we arrived, I had to wait nearly 2 minutes because a bunch of ASU kids were engaging in some bean bag game right in the middle of the restaurant. I take that back, you could walked through it but those kids don't wait on anybody...pregnant...too bad....on a walker....you might just trip! Apparently these kids are  trying to toss bean bags into some wooden board with holes. Apparently when you are drunk and stoned, games like that are fun! Who knew? The fun doesn't stop there, there is also beer pong. I couldn't distinguish the servers from the patrons because they seem to hang out and chat too. When you ask for their help, it's almost as if they are upset that you interrupted their conversation while they were chatting with the guys playing beer pong.  The Patrons...well can we say men in their 40's who looks like they were just released from prison and ASU frat boys (the frat with less money). On weekends, expect to observe a fist fight or two but then again Dos is rather proud of that.

Okay so the food...now this is what is disappointing. The food is AMAZING. Seriously, 5 stars. It's fantastic. If this place didn't have the cast of Dazed and Confused settling here, I would go here more often. Even picking up food is a little scary. It's almost as if you receive a dirty look because you are sober. Where to start, the chimichangas and burritos are out of sight! The nachos are huge with quality chicken and plenty of excellent Guacamole. 

It's a real tragedy because if the owners didn't call themselves the Two Whites guys and had a more "boring environment" and invited people who were not drunk or stoned to eat there, this place could actually make Diners Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network instead of Los Taquitos. The food here is certainly better. My advice, get the takeout and order it in the afternoon before the mosh pit starts at night. Wearing a couple of fake tatoos, eye liner and a wife beater might draw less attention too
This place has always been douchbag central in my eyes, the one by ASU anyway, but I came to this new location last night for a going away party, and was pleasantly surprised. It reminded me of an ice house, but classier, with misters and food and a decent drink menu. They also play really fantastic music.. first 4 songs were all some of my favorite bands, including Passion Pit who came out of Boston, which was shocking.. and radical. Cant say Ive been to any other place that had such an impressive play list, and I am a bit of a music snob. Their nachos were enormous, and delightful, I ate every last bite, and then indulged myself in 2 more tacos after I had 3 more $2 Pacificos. Luckily for me my metabolism is amazing so I can do things like this, and I could have kept eating too because the tacos were delicious. I tried both chicken and steak, equally amazing. Our waitress was very patient, even though it was a table of 20 drunk ex co-workers of McFarlane Toys, which translates into 20 drunk super-nerds discussing comic books and video games.. She kept our drinks flowing and the food coming without missing a beat. I could tell she was overwhelmed, but nice work anyhow.. way to keep your cool. I did enjoy this place, but I am taking into account that it was Tuesday night, and really, no one else was in there.. so on a busy night this place could quite possibly suck, or be an exact replica of the Dos Gringos I used to know and had no problem forgetting.. either way, I had a good time, and I cant deny a place that has excellent music.
Dos Gringos always reminds me of good times.  Specially the one on Alma School and Knox.. Good times, good friends, 2 many wild things.. woohooo!!!
Ewwww!  Fun looking place, but as a first timer I was thoroughly disappointed.  Happy hour on Friday and was shocked at the lackluster drinks.  If you don't want beer, don't come here!!  Margarita was tasteless and so iced/watered down thought it was lemonade.  Ordered a cocktail and 3 times in a row it was not made correctly at all.  Again, weak & watered down... and it was a pure alcohol cocktail, no mixer!!

Food... chips/salsa & some other chip mess... should have went across the street to Costco & got some 3# bag of chips & cheese whiz!
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

After having mixed Sunday Brunch buffet experiences at the nutty Chandler & Mesa locations of this outfit, I decided to stick my head in the door (ok, they don't have any doors) here in Tempe today & have a look at the lunch buffet held at this one on weekdays.

There was a good selection of food out, so I grabbed a plate, & started with some chips & (too) mild salsa, good salad, & terrific ceviche with big shrimp!  Then it was on to Spanish Rice & beans, Pollo Fundido, Tex-Mex Burrito, floutas, chicken & beef tacos with lots of stuff to add on, such as sour cream, & more.

Like last time, the hot food wasn't as warm as it should be, but there was plenty to eat here & it was pretty good overall.

I knew I was at a real Dos Gringos Mexigrill, because over the entrance to the kitchen, it says, "Award winning food prepared by Chef Manuel Labor."   :-))

Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99
I love this dos, at least every other week I have to come for happy hour out on the patio. Occasionally I've found myself here from happy hour to reverse happy hour. $2 pacificos and margaritas and $1 happy shots. The food is bar food nothing special but, I usually eat it anyway. I don't think I've ever gone here on a Friday or Saturday night but, I can say it's an awesome weekday spot.
Sometimes, you just need a drink.  Like when it's a Tuesday.  I mean come on, I put a good 2 days worth of work in, it's time to relax.  

We headed over to Dos for Happy hour, and I was thrilled to find killer specials. $2.00 Pacificos and margaritas really hit the spot.  We sat at the bar, and it was clear our bartender was a real pro.  She remembered that I didn't like the lime in the beer, and seemed to know many of the other patrons by name.

We took advantage of the happy hour food prices as well, and I got the quesidilla, with steak.  It was delicious and melty and cheesy, all the things it should be.  Sadly, I was so stuffed from that that I couldn't try the amazingly loaded Rocky Point Nachos or the tasty looking queso dip my friends got.  

Great value, great service and a good atmosphere, this Dos Gringos is a happy hour must.
Has potential, but 110db (about as loud as a jet taking off)  headbanger music chosen by a 15 year old and very poorly prepared food make this non-Mexican food joint hard to recommend.  Avoid this restaurant.
ok, on those nights that you really don't feel like going downtown, but still wanna go somewhere to chill with friends, this place is PERFECT!  whats not to love about the sweet margs, cheap beer, and awesome happy hour specials!   the chicken dip is absolutely amazing!   We used to come here for dinner once a week also, but since they took the stuffed poblano off them menu, we really only come for drinks and apps.  the employees are so much fun and the whole atmosphere just makes you forget your stress.. or was it all those delicious strawberry margs?...   hmm :)
Dos Gringos holds a very inebriated spot in my heart. My mom moved to Phoenix from Tennessee a few years ago and one of the first spots she took me to was Dos. We went there for happy hour, which turned into us staying and drinking more! All I can say is after living in San Diego Phoenix has it made for drink specials!! I have been coming back to Dos Gringos every time I visit the ol' mom's place. I've never had a bad night here and the food has always been exactly what I expected. I am pretty Irish so the desert heat doesn't allow me to partake in its events during the summer too often, but fall and spring they better be ready for me because I'm  taking full advantage of their happy hour prices!!!
Dos Gringos is a good place to go grab some drinks and some food to snack on. Every now and then we will go hit up happy hour here because they have often drink specials. 

Drinks: They have good prices and a good selection of Mexican and domestic beers. Normally they have some type of special whether it's happy hour or not. Their margaritas are very bland and taste like they are a result of some type of random mix. I normally just stick to beer.

Food: My favorite thing here is the Nachos! They aren't badly priced because they are HUGE! It's best to get them with some type of meat chicken or steak. They come with sour cream and Guacamole. Their Guacamole is very good and isn't filled with sour cream or large chunks of tomatoes.
Dos Gringos is not my type of place.  I rarely drink or party or watch sports.  But I do love Mexican food and more specifically red chile burros (here in AZ).  By my own measure, I make awesome salsa.  Hot and flavorful both red and green. 

The salsa at Dos Gringos was bland and tasted like a can of diced tomatoes was hastily pureed with an onion and some salt.  It was nothing special and that's sad because salsa is cheap to make.  

The nachos we ordered tasted like Taco Bell's Nacho Supreme just in a bigger portion.  Even with black beans, the flavor was bland. 

Okay, the upside: the weather is really beautiful right now and sitting out on the patio was really nice.  I couldn't have imagined a better way to kill an hour on Sunday. 

Also, our waitress was moderately more attentive than most others.  The sign posted out front read '$4 Lunch Specials' but apparently this doesn't apply on weekends.  Why put out the sign then?  She still gave us our lunch for $4 bucks which is nice.

I don't think I'll go back unless I'm really, really bored.
They call this a bar? I think these reviewers are paid off. Nobody has mentioned that they don't have kegs or beer on tap. That's right, a bar that serves bottles only.

Once I heard that, I should of just left, but I stuck in there. I ordered a bucket of coronas, which you get 5 of. Happy hour it's 2.50 a piece, now I went on a Saturday night around 8pm. $20 bucks for 5 12 oz bottles. Now my mistake for not asking the price, but in my bar experiences, I never paid 20 bucks for 5 bottles. I also ordered 2 starry night shots, they cost me $6 bucks a piece. $6 bucks for a shot are you freaking kidding me!

It was my brothers birthday, that's why I didn't ask about prices, I thought it would be reasonable based on the reviews here. They even charged me for the $1 bday shot the bartender gave my brother. We didn't even ask for it. So as you can see I am pretty pissed about the whole experience. Also it was quite dead for it being a saturday night, but I don't blame people not coming there. Next time I'll stick to my regular spots.

$36 bucks got me: 5 coronas, 2 shots of starry night and a birthday shot out of a plunger (that's right, a toilet plunger)
My review here is based solely on happy hour because I have never really been at any other time. This bar is really close to my work so we frequent it for the after work to wind down from time to time.

I always have a really great time. I like the outdoor seating when the weather is nice, I like that they serve black beans on most of their items rather than refried, I like the cheap buckets of Pacifico during happy hour and I love that they have corn hole or bags or whatever other term people refer to it as. 

The table service is always really great and the waitresses have always been friendly, I've never had a poor experience with the staff. Some of the people that go there are pretty big D Bags which is annoying, but since I'm usually with a group of co-workers, I really don't mind.

All in all, this isn't where I'd choose to hang out on a Friday or Saturday night, but I will definitely continue to stop in for happy hour on those days after work when I could really just use a drink!
Was here visiting friends and stopped here for libations.  Tasty and strong margaritas.  So strong that my friend could barely finish hers.  It was cold and the heater was awesome.  We had a fun time and the servers were very attentive.

Also, they had an inflatable snowman as a holiday decoration, and a drunk guy came up and punched it and then tried to get in the bar.  He was summarily denied access.  Good call, bouncer, good call...
I am a big advocate of Dos Gringos actually but this Dos I cannot get into.  I loved the original Tempe location when it was on University, I used to go there all the time.  I love the Scottsdale location, but ever since they built this location a few years back, it's kind of like a pushover for me.  Yeah they serve the same booze, and food, and the decor is the same, but the vibe of this place isn't right.  Maybe because it's too big and they let too many riff raff's in, I really can't put my hand on it.  The only thing that really saves this place is the .50 cent coronas and well drinks on Thursday nights.  Shit I'm not even sure if they still do that anymore since it has been at least 8 months since I have been there and I don't feel as though I am missing out on anything.  I would never make plans to go here but if I was invited to go out there with a group of friends, I would just have to suck and up and go.
This place is ALWAYS dead! The fullest I've ever seen it is every seat at the bar (roughly 20 seats) plus maybe a couple tables. The only reason I'm willing to come here is because I have stupid friends that like this place. The only positive is their "Street Tacos" that I like... Which are cheap.

Overall, this place is at the bottom of the fun list... If you get pulled here, get their "Street Tacos!"
In a word: forgettable. This is AZ, you can get better mexican fare on any corner. Largely bland and uncreative, food was just ok. Service was good, food was more than it was worth.
Went to an Angels spring training game and got an ad for $1 nachos.  We saw their "great place to day drink" ad and though it would be good for happy hour.  The map showed it was down the street from Diablo stadium.  Ends up it's not, not travelling through a little mexican town to grab a beer/marg.  Get's a one star because I could not find the place.
I am very surprised to see such high ratings for this place.  The ONLY thing going for Dos Gringos is the atmosphere.  It looks like it would be a fun place to hang out and have a cocktail with friends.  That is, if you can actually carry on a conversation without going hoarse because you have to yell to be heard over the blaring music. 

This was our first visit to Dos Gringos.  My husband and I went out without the kids during this visit.  I saw that they had a kids menu but didn't look at prices or choices.  The food was extremely disappointing.  the chips were obviously dumped out of a bag somewhere in the back and the salsa was....bland.    I ordered a pick two combo which came with mini (very mini, three bite tacos - could have been one bite for my husband) , flautas and rice and beans.  I swear that there could not have been more than 1 Tbsp of meat in each taco and flauta.  I don't think that the flautas actually had meat in them.  I take that back, a disgusting charred bit of steak fell out of it on my last bite.  My husband ordered 2 street tacos with rice and beans.  He ended up with substantially more food at a cheaper price than mine.  His tacos looked decent, but the meat I tasted was unimpressive. 

We don't plan on going back to Dos Gringos anytime in the near future.  Even the chain restaurants have them beat and that's not saying much! 
 
My rating: Blech
If you want to sit on the patio at a meat-market, have we found the place.  if you are looking for good food with your beverage, it may not really be the place to go...  not horrible but nothing to go out of your way for.   It does have the "beach vibe" somewhat, but really there are much better places for this 40 yearold to go.
Not much needs to be said about a bar devoted to being besotted.

The various signs with catch phrases and college colloquialisms attest to this.  "I like your pants. Especially on my floor," says it all.  

Perhaps a devoted patron of this bar would respond with " Don't take life too seriously, you're not going to make it out alive," another turn of phrase that can be found mounted with Rocky Point pride in this establishment.

The atmosphere is meant to be very casual, laid back - like you were spending your spring break in Puerto Penasco.  But the similarities end there.  Quite possibly home of the worst house margarita - so full of the synthetic and syrupy sweet and sour mix that there is nothing more discernible.  Despite there being a full bar, the bartenders have little knowledge of cocktail recipes - I would recommend ordering beer by the bottle.

Although a full menu is available, there is no better word to describe the food than...bad.  If you have ever had a bonafide street taco in Mexico, then you will be dismally disappointed by their poor imitation.  One would assume that it is quite difficult to mess up a taco, but here they got everything wrong in both the preparation of the meat and the salsa that shamefully tried to mask the poor taste of the meat.  

There is no need to dissect the menu or its gustatory offerings any further, as Dos is quite frankly a place to play beer pong and get wasted.

It does offer a variety of entertainments such as Tuesday comedy nights and Wednesday's Texas hold 'em.  Bean bag tournaments are also held here.

Dos certainly caters to a specific crowd, I am not one of those that feel as though they still want to be on spring break.
Meh....its really cool looking for just drinks and a good time...I didn't like the food very much at all.  I had the street tacos and just wasn't too happy with the quality of the food...I don't know if it sat too long, or if thats just how it always is?  But the fish pieces were really good!  The service could be a little better, but overall its OK.
I will never forget my 18th Birthday.  Even though it was over three years ago, I can remember it down to what I was wearing.  Not by how good it was, but by my experience at Dos Gringos.

I have no problems with the servers or the decor.  It was actually quite nice.  My problem was with the food.

I ordered a Carne Burrito with Red Sauce, which is something that I usually get when I am at an authentic mexican restaurant.  From the first bite, I knew that something was amiss.

The first complaint that I have was that the meat was raw.  Not Rare, Not Pink, but Full-on red.  I did not find this out until I was halfway done with the burrito; I thought that all the red juice was from the red sauce that I had ordered... I was wrong.

After asking for it to be recooked, they brought me back a new burrito.  Skeptical, I cut inside, just to take a look... Lo and Behold, more uncooked meat.

Now, at this point, I remember getting queasy.  Not only did I have food poisoning, but I was deeply sick from the raw meat that I had previously eaten.  Needless to say, I found myself in their restroom for an extended period of time.

I have not gone back since.  Some people that I Know believe that I would have a different experience if I returned, but that is not a chance that I will take.  Dos Gringos?  More like Don't Go-go.
I loved this place!! Other than the great drink specials and the awesome staff, there are games to play like adult-sized Jenga! Hopscotch! And there is a free comedy show every Tuesday. Cant go wrong with this place is loud music, fun people and great drinks are your goals.
Very mediocre Mexican food, but good service.  Coming from a place called Dos Gringos, you have to expect nothing but gringo-y type food though.  I had the gringo burrito, which had a lot of meat, veggie, and black beans in it.  It also came with rice and beans.  Everything in the dish was very bland though, and I had to smother everything in Tapatio hot sauce for there to have any flavor.  Despite having some communication difficulties since it was hard to hear each other speak (We were outside on the patio at a table and a live band was playing), our waitress did a good job refilling drinks as needed and getting our orders in.  I would probably only go here again if a good band is playing here, but I wouldn't go here solely for the food.

By the way, the outdoor Jenga blocks are pretty cool.  We made a tower of 29 levels of blocks, but unfortunately did not beat the record of 34!
During my five-day stay in Tempe/Phoenix, I honestly did not have a single bad meal.  Every restaurant and coffee joint I stopped at gave me great experiences.  I wanted to end my trip out to Arizona with a good dinner, and I found myself at Dos Gringos to hopefully find that last meal out west.

Honestly, the name sold me pretty quickly.  Obviously, I'm not going to expect fine cuisine and classy dining at a place called Dos Gringos, but being a fan of dives and being one with my fellow man, it sounded like a good place to experience.

Despite it being chilly at night now this time of year, it was still an experience upon arrival.  It's like the tacky, somewhat tasteless, lampooned Mexican version of TGI Fridays, with a whole bunch of crap all over the walls, and a whole lot of hand-painted placards with sayings that make all of our inner-14-year-olds chuckle and appreciate.  The parking was free and plentiful, and I'm always a fan of the grungy, Christmas lights hanging all over the place kind of decor; my kind of style for relaxation and no-nonsense.

There were TVs everywhere, which was nice to watch some Sunday Night Football in the process, and I sat wherever I pleased.  Service was from a cute petite blond waitress who was quick to take my order, deliver my beer, and bring my food when it was ready.  I ordered an enchilada, and two "street" tacos, which were corn tortilla apparently.  Don't take my word for it, being an uneducated in Mexican food, east coaster, but I thought it was great.  Definitely different than the kind of "Mexican" food I can get in Atlanta.

Overall, I can't say that I had a bad experience.  The food was filling, not really expensive, and tasty to my tastebuds.  Beer, football on a mild evening in a place full of 56 pieces of tacky Mexican flair and a waitress with a great smile, and I can't complain.  Solid, adequate way to end my dining binging throughout the Phoenix/Tempe area.
Looks like a great place, and probably is for hanging out and having some drinks with friends.  For lunch or dinner - I would pass!  The positives:  Good drinks/cocktails. The negatives: Kids eat free every day however the waitress tried to charged us for two kids meals.  My son's milk was sour.  The cheese on the nachos was poured (cheese sauce) on instead of melted on.  The plate was super hot when the waitress put it in front of him.  The rice and beans tasted like they came from a can......I think you get the point.
I had been in Tempe for two days and hadn't gotten any Mexican food - how is that possible?  So when my friends asked what I wanted for dinner I said "TACOS!" and off to Dos Gringos we went.

The food is pretty decent - not the best I've ever had, but I'd certainly go back.  The salsa seemed fresh, and I liked that there was a big variety of meats for the tacos, and you could get them prepared three different ways (gringo, tex mex, and something else that escapes me).  

The service was a little flaky, but nothing offensive.
Not a fan. Local organizations (Apollo Group, US Airways, Intel) converge on this location making it a difficult experience. If you do go on a weekend night, be ready to navigate that small parking lot.
I go here for the cheap happy hour beers and the company. I usually sit at the bar. The seating has gotten better but when they put the backs on the chairs people would lean back and almost break them. The cushions fabric on the chairs make you sweat badly and the concrete bar table will burn your arms in the summer and they are in the shade. The food is good and cheap. The bar waitress are good but sometimes you get that "one" who won't pay attention to you at all. I think she is more concerned about popping out those fake boobs at everyone. The parking isn't that great.
Only three stars?  Wow--maybe it was the ambiance that sucks overall here--I don't know.  I actually didn't go here myself.  It was my wife.  She brought me home a cheese enchilada plate and it hit the spot--even lukewarm.

All I know is that meal was better as a leftover than a lot of the fresh ones I've had at taquerias around the tri city area.  Makes me wonder how it would taste if it were nice and hot. . .

Okay--challenge accepted.  I'll let you know.
Really great experience, the food was awesome and I loved the staff. I was bummed it was jammin' busy for how awesome i thought it was so, GO CHECK IT OUT! I live to far away to go there regularly but I would go all of the time if they had one in North Phoenix. The manager was extra cool and made sure we were good at all times. When I go to the eastside it will be my go to Mexican Grill!
Awesome neighborhood spot! The bartender Chuck, rocks! (literally, he's in a band called "Grain of Truth") and besides the service, Monday nights ($2 U-call it's) with DjMrEaton have been a lot of fun. Well at least the last three I've been too!
What a great place.  Food was excellent as was the service.  Nice outdoor location.  Will definitely go back again next time I am in town.
Has anyone noticed that almost every Mexican joint in Phoenix claims to have won some award for their tacos. Someone needs to study this disturbing trend and clearly none of those awards could possibly be related to the taco Tuesday slop they are serving up to the customers. I did notice that a comedy night was also underway when I arrived and if you are ever thinking of attending (free) don't waste your time. It is clearly amateur night as bunch of people off the street are reading their routines right off the pad in front of the crowd. Oh, a heckler could have a field day here.
   The bar at this place is pretty small and full of smokers which don't add much to anything. Maybe some bar will get some balls and just ban smoking totally. Doubt it, but why the hell not?
    Ok, the tacos were not too good. The tex mex ground beef was luke warm, overloaded with lettuce and a semi-stale Ortega shell. The grease factor here was very high and the meat tasted of the Jack in the box variety. The $2 chicken taco has some good shredded chicken going for it, but everything else they threw in there didn't do it much justice and made it a watery mess of sour cream, tomato juice, bagged cheese and some chicken grease. Keep it simple should be the motto. I did like the corn hole arena, but this backyard needs to be renovated. They can make better use of the space in my opinion. Nobody greets you at the entrance, so you need to hope the servers find you when you seat yourself. Not that crowded on Tuesday, but other days, it could be a long wait.
Tried this place a few times and just not that impressed with the food.  Seems to be more of a place to drink than eat.
When I first moved here I thought this was good Mexican food.  Shows how much I knew.  Seems like a good place to drink, but you are best off leaving the menu on the table.  The food is really bland, salsa is not great either.
Lousy service. Could not get a water refill or chips or any attention. The bottom line is we had to get up and chase down our own drinks, water, chips salsa and when food came after almost 45 minutes it was warm at best and the excuse was were training a new person in the kitchen. No one that evening appeared to care about service and this place was not at all busy. We had to go for some volunteer work across the street and I tried to speak to someone but they did not stop by before we had to leave so we were not late. Most of us had maybe 15 minutes to scarf down our food as it was.
Worst Mexican food I have had in the USA. Food was half warm and the green Chile pork tasted like left over and out of the can.The waiter is nice though.
amazing
I have lived in the greater Phoenix area and been to every Dos Gringo's in the valley, I like them all. The South Tempe location however, has the best staff by far. The staff, BOTH male and female are friendly, professional, and take their jobs seriously. The food is good and on par with what offerings a place like this would have. Obviously a large part of the place is the drinks, and the bartenders are always quick to keep your glass full of whatever you want. They will even try to make anything you request as long as they have the ingredients. Overall, I have no complaints and would gladly bring friends and family here and I will be back. Would definitely have to disagree with the overly critical reviews below. Some almost sound personal...

Favorite Food items:

Surf and Turf Salad/Wrap
Mini Chimis
Gringo Rolls
Tacos
Anything with Carne Asada or seafood.
Went on a Sunday. Awesome patio. Very cheap Corona. Live original music. Service was very good, chips and salsa very good. Their queso dip is loaded and delicious. Only thing that was disappointing was their mahi and shrimp tacos. 

Would definitely get drunk on the patio again but next time I will only eat chips, salsa, and queso.
This is definitely one of my favorite hangouts for fun, food and drinks. The service hasn't been consistent over the last decade, but it has definitely been going up again. There are finally servers who know how to keep you from going empty on your drinks and cooks doing a great job on the food. I have been very impressed with my last few visits and plan to make this a regular place to hang out again. Keep up the good work Dos!
I just wanted to let everyone know how wonderful the staff is at this Dos Gringos.  I had my birthday gathering at this location because of how the staff treated me from the first time I called to ask about their restaurant/bar.  I believe the bartender's name was Cheryl that worked the day shift on Saturday 8/10/13.  She was so full of energy and explained everything thoroughly of what they could offer for a small group of 12 people.  She informed one of her manager's would call to further confirm the details.  This was such a pleasant surprise after not having AT ALL the same experience of calling the Sandbar off of Ray Road in Chandler(closer to my house).

Then the day before the gathering there were weather reports that it could rain so I called them up and spoke to their assistant manager Jenny.  She was so polite, professional, and full of energy.  She said we will do whatever it takes to make sure the gathering was fun and could move us inside which gave me peace of mind.
Then the general manager- Hannah called a couple of hours prior to the gathering to make sure we were still good with the time of 7pm and reassured me that if it rained they would move us inside.  WOW this is what I call customer service.

The night of my birthday gathering they did move us inside, but not because of it raining, but it was only 114 degrees outside.  They set us so that a couple of tables made a long table and way in the back that made it more private.  Niki our server was so sweet and accommodating.  She had to wait several times to take orders as some of my friends were coming in at random times.  She made sure that everyone was taken care of throughout the night as well as Hannah checking in to see if it was still going good. 

We never did get to play corn hole or jenga- but it was there if we wanted to do so.
I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to have a birthday gathering to just a social with friends.  The staff is out of this world.  Thanks to all of you for making my birthday gathering a wonderful and fun experience.

Warmest regards,
Joann Z
Damn good food, great service! A bit warm though, but I can take it. I recommend this place. My wife says it's like a Mexican food Hooters.
Even when there aren't many people here, I still end up having fun. It is close to my apartment so a quick go-to but would come even if it wasn't. Staff is attentive and drinks are great!
Great service, always great music, and great food. Outside atmosphere is relaxing. Great drink specials, especially Monday nights.
The food was just okay. Felt like I could've made something more flavorful at home. Just the food alone would've gotten Dos Gringos at least 2 stars.
The service was terrible. I ordered the Chimichanga, which is supposed to come with rice, beans, pico, sour cream and guacamole. I asked for no sour cream, and when I got my food it had no guacamole instead of no sour cream. I told the waiter, to which he replied, "Oh f***, I forgot." He then brought me the guac. Later when I got the check, he had charged me for the guac. I pointed this out and asked if the guac came with the chimi, and he pulled out the menu and read everything the chimi comes with and purposely left out the guacamole. I brought up the menu on my phone and pointed out that it should come with guac, and he said that the chefs were 'changing the menu up' and that it no longer comes with guac. THEN, I pulled out the physical menu and had to show it to a different employee to confirm again that it does come with guac. Only then did my waiter come by and bring me the dollar that he had charged me for it (no apologies, just loosely handed it to me and said  "here you go").
The $1 extra charge was really no big deal until he lied about it. Why would you lie about it not once, but twice? I wouldn't recommend this place.
Dos Gringos a nice play to go to get some drinks and happy hour. The food is good, but it's nothing that will stand out to you. They have a nice atmosphere and everyone is really friendly. TVs are everywhere and the patio is very nice especially at the right time of the year.
I've always loved Dos Gringos, from the old one I would frequent in Tempe to this location we pre-game at during kickball season. They have big open patios perfect for sipping on Coronas and they've got decent Bloody Mary bars on Sundays. 

The Carne tacos are cheap and delicious, and they have crazy specials during games. This is a great place for groups or lazy day drinking.
Oh, good old Dos Gringos.  I make it a point to hit up this place whenever I'm in Tempe.  The food is cheap, delicious, and there's an excellent patio that is awesome to sit on year-round.  The service can slack a bit when they're busy, but the wait staff seem to always make up for it.  The salsa is delicious, not too spicy, and extremely flavorful.  I've never had a complaint about their food and the drinks are on-point.  The outdoor patio is also dog friendly, which is really awesome.  And there are huge Jenga pieces and a bag toss game which is popular with the kids I've seen there.  I honestly don't know why this place only has three stars...give them a try.
Another beautiful day in paradise . . . and so we decided to have an outdoor lunch today . . . and with that said, we thought we would try this place . . . we had a ball.

We were greeted promptly after we chose a table . . . and our menus and drinks followed shortly there after . . . I ordered Juan's Famous Tacos with Rice and Beans.  While the tacos were good . . . I really would have liked more chorizo in the taco, so they were a kind of bland for me.  There rice and beans were very good though.

My only problem was that the tables were tacky . . . not sure if it was from not wiping down the tables well . . . or the fact that tables we wiped down and the cleaning product just mad the table paint tacky.  I am hoping the latter.

I will be back . . . but next time . . . I will definitely try something other than the tacos . . .
Five of us ate there, None of us enjoyed the food.  Too bad, has fun outside games to play.  Would be nice to go for drinks and play games.
Great food, great drink specials (especially if you like Corona, bloody Mary's or Mimosa's) and a great Mexican vacation like atmosphere. DOS is one of our favorite weekend escapes for some quick fun in the sun. Definitely recommended for a mid-day snack/lunch and drink.
Having a great time at Dos Gringos. The party atmosphere is perfect after a baseball game. Killer music, Corona buckets, chips, salsa and bean bag toss.
This happened on Monday night 4/7/2014. Food is ok, but I've definitely had better. I have order a steak taco salad. When i got my salad, it doesn't have any steak on it..There was two lump of shredded beef on it.  When our check come i have noticed i was over charged. Talked to a manager, he told me me he would take care it off the bill. and i would get a free salad. the revised bill came it show he only give me $4 discounts. The salad was $14. My  fiance and I decided to paid the bill and left.. Very disappointed.  Services, sucks.
All of the dos gringos are about the same, unique atmosphere but food isnt that great and only beer on special is pacifica. Does have some games like bean bag toss so its an decent place to hang out in the late evenings but I never eat there anymore.
This place sucks. Waitress completely ignored us for about 20 mins. Went to Bogeys instead.
Was in town for work and met a friend that lived nearby here for a beer, with one of the main reasons being they had a Golden Tee machine. Well, they served beer (albeit a limited selection) and the machine worked (unlike the pinball machine next to it) so I guess it served its purpose? Nothing to write home about though, the outdoor patio seemed like it could be pretty cool to hang out and the dedicated cornhole space was a nice touch, but all in all, just a dive bar.
Went on a Saturday evening and was surprised that it wasn't packed
The outdoor patio seating area was nice even if the mists were going 80mph
It wasn't that hot but whatevs 
Our server was really great
She was nice and very attentive 
This is a great place for drinks
I had a house marg and it was yummy
The food...
I was kinda iffy about it
So I asked the server what she liked 
I got a 2 option dish... Enchiladas and rolled tacos or something
I was really surprised by how tasty they were
They also came with rice & beans
My group was very pleased by the food here and we would stop by if we are ever in the area again

Ps- they have Cornhole here
I love Mexican food and this does not even come close. If you are going to hang out with a group it is okay. There are so many other nice places. 

If you are going for food you will be very disappointed. The name says it all!!!
Teenie Tiny tacos but very tasty.  Green tomatilio salsa was delicious.  Drinks were very refreshing and our waitress Baronica was awesome.
PaintNite.com event. Drink deals were good. Street taco was a lil disappointment.  Meat seasoned well. Everything else bland and pale.
Ok, yeah, there's nothing great about the Gin Mill.  It's a slightly below average bar with a slightly below average beer list and below average food.

However, I add a 3rd star for the following reasons:
1) I always hit two 4-of-a-kind every time I play here.
2) Drinking Liberally is here every Tuesday.
3) The servers are very nice.
4) Their potato chips are pretty damn good.
Ok so yes its a dark smoky bar behind a gas station and a few fast food places but its my neighborhood bar and I love it. Don't expect anything fancy or lavish remember the Bellagio is about 15min in the other direction. Just go in and have some drinks eat a burger and kick back because that's what your supposed to do after a long day at work at your neighborhood bar!
The gin mill is a great dive bar. They have pool and darts and a lot of other games. The gaming is excellent and the staff is great. Carlo is the manager and runs it very well. After midnight they have $2 heinekens and lite beers. At about 2am all the leftover food in the kitchen is put out free for everyone to eat. Usually pizza and chicken wings and fries and whatever is left over. Excellent watering hole!!!
I've been here quite a few times now and have never had a bad experience. It's a great bar to hang out with friends at. They have a great selection of music, 2 pool tables and video poker machines. If you're in the area and looking for a place to grab a drink and kick it, I would recommend the Gin Mill.
I have been here a few times, for sports games and just to have a drink with friends. I've never been disappointed. The service is very good and the bartenders are friendly. The burgers are actually very good for bar food. The Miller specials are a bit of a downer, only because I prefer Bud. The TVs are located in great position to enjoy the games from the bar. For a local bar that doesn't have the feel of a big chain, this place is perfect. Side note: the homemade chips are delicious.
I love The Gin Mill! It is a friendly neighborhood bar without the pretentiousness of the "dive" bars, which is ironic in and of itself, but I digress. 

The drinks are cheap (my 3 double Jameson/Ginger Ales and two shots of Jameson came out to $30). My 2 "double" Jameson/ginger ales..which I HIGHLY doubt were doubles, at Aces and Ales were $20. That is what sets a good neighborhood/low key bar from the pretentious hipster bars or the bars on the strip where you are aware of your impending rape.

The atmosphere is relaxed, people are singing the good ol boy songs. Some take it upon themselves to come by and introduce themselves. The bartender immediately came over to ensure that we were not being bothered. I really liked our bartender. She had a fun, spunky and real attitude. She even charged my phone for me! Her 30% tip was well deserved. 

It is a smoky bar, they do serve food, they have a jukebox and pool tables. It does get rowdy, but the atmosphere overall was very relaxed with everyone just enjoying themselves.
The food here is excellent. The burgers are huge, the pizza is tasty and the gyro salad is the best thing for your mouth.

The bartenders are super friendly. There's really nothing bad I can say about this bar.

It's strange that there's no draft beer. Everything is in bottles just so you're aware.
My first experience with this bar has been less than stellar. I came here for lunch to grab a quick bite and food took forever. I was unimpressed by the bartenders lack of knowledge in the beers they serve. My buddy ordered a Heineken and got a Heineken light. The food was ok I had 2 sliders and fries and my buddy had 2 sliders as well just so happens another mishap my sliders come with no fries and my buddies does when he didnt order. The fact that they also do not have any beers on tap will be the main factor in me not returning again.
This place sucks... Bartender rather be texting on the phone than serving drinks... I got a "Weird" feeling in there.. After 10 min of no acknowledgment  I got up and left...
Bartenders were rude till I won some money playing a machine. Then they kissed my Ss because they wanted a tip. The woman who took my food order was smoking at the bar and then delivered my food. Place is dirty!
Was here for the first time the other night.  If your a smoker I guess its ok.  The cocktail service was great and quick.  I couldn't get out fast enough as I felt like i was in a volcano with all the smoke.   I suggest having people smoke outside or increase the airflow so someone like me can enjoy the bar.  My review would have been a 4 if the place was a white cloud of smoke.
Just moved to Henderson and live walking distance to the Gin Mill. I thought this would be my new "cheers" bar and was excited when I first walked in. Went to the bar and sat there for about 20 mins without ever being greeted by any of the bartenders, even after making eye contact! Ended up walking out. Don't think I'll ever be back... even though it's sooo close to me!
I love Uncle Bear's. This is where I go for happy hour. Either this location or the one on Rittenhouse in Queen Creek. Good happy hour prices on drinks and sliders. I love the hot dogs and usually order that because a) they are very good b) big and filling and c) $7. The wings are $8.50 and sometimes a little too skinny, but other times good. I have not had anything meal-wise that is bad. The desert - I ordered the ice cream cookie sundae and really it is best to skip that. Other restaurants have it is a mini pizza pan, it comes out hot and gooey. This came out in a bowl, was the thinest layer of cookie that cold still be molecularly called a cookie and there were three huge scoops of ice cream that never melted because the bowl wasn't hot and there wasn't enough cookie to retain heat.
My kids and I love this place.  My kids love it because they get to make a mess and no one even bats an eye. (peanuts on the floor) I love it becaue of the menu, service, and quality.  The menu is expansive, you can order American, Mexican, Italian, etc.  The sercive that I have had the couple of times that we have been in there is awsome and the quality has been pretty good.  Their pizza is good, and wings are pretty good too.  The portions are huge also.  The doggie wall of fame is a family favorite of ours as the kids love to look at all the dogs.  This will be one of our favorites for some time.
Walked in for a drink late on a Saturday night.  There were probably 30 douches singing bad karaoke.  Bar tending services were so poor that after 5 minutes left to a local dive bar across the way that was douche free.

That said, I have heard they have good food here and maybe outside of late evenings it might be worth going to.  Will have to give them another try at a later date.
This is a great place to go without having to drive too far!  I go to the one on Rittenhouse.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff.  The outdoor patio is nice with the great weather we have been getting.  Pretty happening on a late Friday or Saturday, actually this place always seems busy.  I haven't personally tried the food yet, but menu offers a diverse selection and it all looks pretty good.  Definitely worth checking out.
We're new to Gilbert so I don't have a big frame of reference, but I LOVE this place!  The bartenders are great, and tonight we had a server, Stephanie, who was awesome.  The food is varied (typical bar food, and also Mexican, Italian, just about anything you would crave going to a bar) and everything has been good so far.  The chicken sliders are amazing - my favorite item so far, and with $3 off during happy hour (regularly $8.99) it's a great deal too!  

FYI, the "hot" wings aren't that hot - the "atomic" are perfect if you like typical "hot" wings.  Yum.  Oh, also, during their happy hour they have martinis for $4.50!  Finally, if you're looking for a good place to watch sports, this is perfect as they have HD flat screen tvs everywhere - not a bad seat in the entire bar.  This will be one of our regular spots for sure.

The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was that last time we went the server was just "OK" so I'm not sure if it's hit or miss since our server tonight was exceptional.
Went here while visiting my family in Feb...this place is great. They are a bar with bar food, but they do gluten free and Vegan if you want it. The wait staff is super friendly and will even swap pictures of their puppies with you. The place is dog friendly, like bowls of water on the outdoor patio and even dog treats.
Visited this particular Uncle Bears after our Super Strange experience at Trophy's Steak House. We needed some normality, proof that not everybody in the world, like those at Trophy's belonged to the Adams family! We bellied up to the bar and had a beer or five. The service was good, the beer was cold and Thank God the people were normal!!! Wow what a difference between in two places that sit right next door to each other. Food and ambiance are standard bar fare, but after escaping from Trophy's that exactly what we needed. Good Stuff!
Went here for lunch with the family.  The food was pretty good, nothing too memorable, but the atmosphere is really great.  Sports bar, but family friendly.....and dog friendly.  Nice to have a cool "hang out" bar/restaurant in this area of gilbert.
Good food! Buckets of peanuts! Semi decent looking waitress & good specials! Try the tai peanut pasta or fajita salad! Yum!
OMG! I had so much fun listening to karaoke! And the food was pretty dang good food. I was pleasantly surprised. There was a good atmosphere, friendly people, and some really bad singers which made it that much better.
well not that our experience was horrible but this gal must have been new she brought me the wrong breakfast she did not seam to know if toast came with my wife's breakfast, though she was very nice there was no offer of compensation for her and or the kitchen staffs screw ups and we did not get our side of fruit which is shown on the menu to come with our meals. the side of gravy i ordered was cold by the time my breakfast showed up the second time. 3 stars are being generous
I have been coming here for a while now. I like a few of the bartenders. Joe is my fav!! 
 I was asked to move(by a server not Joe) because I brought my dog.. A dog friendly place kicked me to the corner telling me its a health code violation! BTW it's not, Look it up! It's totally up to Uncle Bears if someone sits outside with a dog.
 I am a huge dog lover, that is one of the reasons I go there. But no more!! Foods not that great, but I always loved the out side seating and all the TV's. I would always send ppl there too.
 I work in the food service industry and I let a lot slide with service and food knowing its a every once n a while problem. But this, NO way! I know I got moved so other ppl could see the football game, While our group sat where the TV was so blury I felt like I needed glasses. 
 I have been there many of times when dogs where sitting on the patio. They were never asked to leave. 
So from now on I will let everyone know it's NOT a dog friendly place. And don't go it's not worth it!!!
Typical locals bar with it's own unique shtick.

Met up with friends here for some late night drinks.  It's tucked inside a random strip mall on the west side of town.  Is it really Summerlin?  Inside you might (MIGHT) just think you were in some kind of mountain lodge.  The bartenders were attentive and on their game.  My long island and beer were reasonably priced for Vegas standards.  There's plenty of room to play some pool or whatever.  Everyone seemed well behaved when I was there.
its not bad. I really wanted somedrinks, so i went here. Not bad. The decor is of a fisherman lodges up to about eye level then you look up and think oh.. it's a warehouse.. Hmmm whatever. It's a bar. So i waited with the bf and the bartender finally came by. This bartener was extremely nice, he apologized for the wait. he served up two great drinks and a shot that oh... soooo good. we ordered late night food and I HIGHly recommend the egg croissants. Sooooooooo good. Oh..and the jack and coke. Got to watch sports... and talk and meet other locals like myself who just got off of work at the casinos dealin with damned tourists like the post before mine.
I've been to this establishment too many times to subject myself to more.  

They got the BEST CHICKEN WINGS in the valley especially especially the Garlic Parmesan!!! BETTER THAN BUFFALO WILD WINGS!

This place is not pretentious, Caters to typical bar flies!
Sometimes, on nights when I drink way too much I end up in a place like Durango Lodge. Or strip clubs but thats another review. 
One of those "how did i get here?" moments and then this place is awesome. 
Had a karaoke session in the bathroom and a friend won $250 on video poker. I said it, video poker. 
 Everyone is local. Friendly. And on a Friday night the majority of the people there were in mid to late 20's to maybe 30's and surprisingly attractive. Music was random but all good.
Perfect dive spot and there's food all the time obviously.
How can you go wrong with antler chandeliers and a moosehead on the wall?
I went to Durango Lodge this past Saturday to go shoot some pool (they have three tables) and just hang out. I had driven past this place a gazillion times, but had never stopped in so we gave it a try. You really get the "lodge" feel when you walk in, lots of warm colors, wood and stone.

Had a great time, servers/bartenders were really nice and went out of their way to provide great service, crowd was mixed, old-young. I had heard on the weekend it sometimes could be a younger crowd, but that wasn't the case, we were only there from about 8-9:30pm.

Will definetly go back. . .
Just a typical dive bar. The staff has better things to do than deal with you, the food is blah. And it's just dark and dingy. If you feel like life's got you down and you want to wallow in despair, stop on by and have a few.
Of all the Lodges, this one has the best bartenders and servers. All others have left a bad taste in my mouth. This location is awesome and will recommended to anyone.
I've passed this place many times, especially on nights when I'm craving Robertos. Finally, a few friends and myself decided to go in for some drinks. The inside is pretty nice. You definitely feel as if you've escaped from the usual Vegas scenery which is more often than not, a good thing. 

Wasn't too busy when we went, so it provided a nice atmosphere to kick back with the friends, play some pool, and have good conversations. The other patrons who were there were friendly enough, and were more than willing to converse with anyone.

As far as the bartenders go, they were great. Provided great service and were very personable. Drinks were reasonably priced. About the same prices you would get at any local bar. Didn't get a chance to try any of the food, but both the place and service were good enough, that I know I'll be back for at least a few more visits.
Fun place to be.  Bartenders are great.  Parmesan garlic wings are awesome.
This place used to be hella cool. Key word here is used to be. The waitresses all used to be smoking hot and fun, now they are boring and ugly and they can't make me a drink strong enough to think they are hot. Amongst the waitresses and bartenders no longer being personable and fun the clientel seemed ghetto as four cop cars came by and arrested a few people. The food is nothing more then greasy slop. They used to have really good sandwiches burgers and tortellini salad. No more.
Went with a friend for the wings.

Food was pretty good :] It's only about $.45 cent per wing.

After 6 wings you get free fries!! 

The whole shabang comes with lots of celery and ranch, so nothing to complain about.

The waitress was pretty chill too :]

We spent $11 on 20 wings and a huge plate of fries.

Go here on Wednesdays if you like wings! It's all day!! :D
This place is ok it's got a whole cabin feel to it.  And the service is usualy pretty chill.  They got tvs all over the place and some pool tables in the back.  Not my favirote of all bars but it's ok.  I gues the best part is it's next door to a roberto taco shop which maks for some sick drunk food.
Yes there is a lot of beer on tap, yes the environment is friendly and music is playing (no jukebox), but service sucks, been there about 50+ times b/c its close to the house but damn, service needs to improve, you can see the waitress taking smoke breaks when they should be checking on you.  Damn you need to take a smoke break outside so we can't see that shit.  most of the times when our beers are empty we have to ask for another one out of our way instead of somebody asking if we want another one, when a beer is empty shouldn't you approach the customer and ask if they want a refill?!?  I don't know i'm not a waiter/waitress.  Please improve!
You can tell a lot about the meal you are about to eat by the quality of the salad. I ordered a relatively basic chicken parmigiana sandwich a side salad. What I expected was iceberg lettuce and an unripe cherry tomato. What I got was a nice mix of salad greens, diced tomatoes, shredded cheese and croutons. Impressed - for a side salad in a bar, not bad.

We also ordered the fish and chips. Well done, nice pieces of cod lightly battered and fresh.  Coleslaw was of the creamy style, the kind I like. Can't stand dry slaw.

Blue Moon on tap, $7.25 for 25 ounces, not bad. 

We had nice food server, didn't sit at the bar so can't comment on the bartenders. 
Our server was telling us they do some sort of theme night every now and then, a dress up kind of thing. 

Nice lounge area near the front, several couches and tables and a few tv's. There's a wall of 6 large screen LCD tv, good place to watch some games.

Overall a decent place, would definitely go back. I takes a few good visits to become a 'fan' so it gets 3 stars for now.
Received a last minute invite to drink with friends for someone's birthday at Durango Lodge.  I've driven through this street hundreds of times and not once have I ever notice the existence of this place.  Exterior of this place isn't really eye catching but it still brings in business because of the locals nearby.

The moment I stepped in, I was surprised by the crowd.  Expected it to be full of regular Joes and gambling seniors but it was filled with hipsters and attractive ladies (well maybe just this night so don't think I have a bad taste if otherwise!).  It's very dim even though with all the TVs surrounding the bar area.  The server and bartenders were welcoming and easy to converse with.

While everyone else was drinking, I just ordered the country fried chicken smothered in gravy which came with potatoes and salad on the side.  It was alright, nothing great because it's the brown gravy that I crave but instead they poured white gravy on it so the taste just didn't do it for me.

The pool tables are freaking small.  I looked around but I didn't see and midgets or kids so I guess the pool tables are just small without a purpose.  This place is ok to hang in if you live nearby but I wouldn't come back here unless if there was a reason to.
Cool place. I'd go there again. Pizza was good. I wish they had a little more craft brews. Ended up drinking a "Shift" IPA which I think is by New Belgian
Plus a half-star.  Not my favorite place but a good place.  Bartenders are good.  Never ate in the restaurant.  I've had good luck in video poker here.
Once every few months, we stop in, and promptly leave again...
I want this place to be good, because of the set up and the food, but it cannot be, because of the service, the prices and the crowd (there was a junkie, rolling around on the floor and pool table, but never removed).

On this stop in, our group gathered for some birthday drinks. When I arrived, they said that the server had been slow and it would be best to go to the bar for my first beer. Well, that didn't help...

Both bartenders walk past me, looked at me, but never acknowledged that I may want something.

When one finally came over, she said "what do you want?" I asked if they had OKTOBERFEST and she said no, than yes, than I don't know, then very sarcastically "agreed" to get my drink. The male bartender then came over and snatched the money from my hand. I had to speak up. I snatched it back and he said "don't you want quarters for the pool table?" I said "no" and turned away from him.

The female came back and simply said "$6.00"... I didn't say anything back, just gave her the money, left no tip and walked away.

Later, the server coming around took an order of 3 beers and 2 cocktails. She brought them back over the course of 3 trips... and charged me $4.50 for the same beer. Yes, it is only $1.50, but considering I would typically drink about a dozen beers, this was in indicator to order nothing further. 

Everyone was aggravated and with less than an hour in, we paid up and moved the gathering elsewhere... and had a great time... and spent well over $250 gambling, drinking and ordering food... Apparently the Lodge did not want that money.
I have never had a bad experience here. It is a good late night spot and what you would expect of a bar. I met my husband here!
Hard to spot from the street,  upon entering on a bright sunny day, be sure to give your eyes time to adjust because this bar is dark!

Once acclimated I saw there was a large circular center bar complete with video gambling machines, extra lounge seating around the perimeter, pool tables to the right, and a wall of about four TVs overlooking about 8 small round tables. The interior really has a nice lodge feel with the woodwork implemented and the Big Buck Hunter video games towards the back.

50 cent Wing Wednesdays are where it's at here at the Durango Lodge. Sauce choices range from mild and hot to teriyaki and hotyaki and come with all the wing fixings such as ranch, blue cheese, carrots, and celery. The wings aren't the best I've had, but they're not bad at all especially for the price. If you're looking for somewhat more healthful option, the avocado chicken burger is a primo choice, subbing a salad for fries. I have also had the buffalo chicken wrap which I thought was very good, along with their penne with alfredo sauce, Italian sausage, and garlic bread.

The service here is top notch, which can be indicative of the strong local bar crowd I have noticed, even during the daytime.
Speak up if you want a drink before you've dropped $300 in the machines. It's pretty hard to get served. -especially after 10pm, even if its not busy. When you do get your drink, you may want to order a double b/c it's gonna be a short jigger of whatever you ask for. 
The only reason I give this the 2 stars is because they have a really great "Rooster" salad.
Unfortunately most of the regulars don't seem like the kind of people that eat much. They seem more like the kind of people that took a break from feverishly cleaning their grout & thought they would take their teeth grinding out in public... Very intense. Lol
Definitely go here if you like to NOT get waited on and if you also enjoy watching people buy and sell cocaine. 
Like Eric Clapton said, "Cocaine, cocaine, cocaine is the cocainiest"
So I guess I've learned that you can't really base your review in this town on service.  On my previous visit the service was top notch, but I just left there and the service was as bad as it gets.  I walked in, sat down at the bar and was completely ignored while the bartenders sat on the coolers with their backs to the door and didn't even acknowledge me or anyone in that part of the bar.  I sat there for a few minutes and noticed a lot of empty glasses around me (a sure sign of lousy service) and walked right back out the door.  Fortunately there's about a dozen better bars in a 1 mile radius.  This place is more misses than hits.  I won't be back.
This place has went down hill. Bartenders are rude have they know nothing about customer service. Also the clientele are a bunch of thugs.  I would stay away from this place unless your looking for drama.  The guy I was sitting by was telling me about how he just got out of jail the night before. Unsafe place!!
Well, the official name is the Yucca Tap Room (with exactly one beer on tap), but i digress. this is a fun little dive that always has live music on the weekend and there is NEVER a cover.

it can get crowded on the weekends, and it's the kind of dive where the older drunks and local cowboy types still outnumber the tempe college age hipsters. there's shuffle board -YES!- and they do live band karaoke, how effing rock star is that?

a few tables and booths, and a four-sided bar right in the middle. cash only, and with a reputation for being a dive that even my *mother* has heard of this place - now that's classy.
Oh...the Yucky Tap Room. Where the joke is..there are no taps! Your best bet here? Get yer PBR in the can-cold and fresh, baby.

"Bonnie, why do you say 'Yucky'?"

Oh...only b/c the first time I came here i discovered to my horror 3 distinct flea bites on my arm. I have gone to a LOT of dive bars and seen a lot of things I wish I hadn't...but never...NEVER have I experienced flea bites. My god. I swore off YTR forever after that incident.

But...then...my karaoke bug came back. And I heard the Thursday nights at YTR were good. Quite good. And it is close by. And they got that regrettable piss ass beer. Lets do it. 

Finding the parking lot took some deducing (I still end up going through the car wash..hehehe) but ample parking and pretty easy to figure out which one is Yucca from the back with everyone hanging out smoking. I have never seen anyone smoke in that little smoking room-only drunk make outs. The bathrooms are fine. Opens up to the stage...wait, a stage. Omg. Is that a BAND? LIVE ROCK STAR KARAOKE? Oh my. This aint for the amatuers, honey. You only got a lyric sheet and the hope the band will be right on tempo so you can freak out to Hearts Crazy on You with NO prompter except the reassuring nod the of the guitarist to start the next stanza.

A supportive crowd, super regulars, locals just gettin their drink on, random characters, hipsters,the gays,  just people looking to get a lil Rolling Stones on..I mean one lady had her birthday cake here! How cute! And I do love the bartenders-tip 'em well! I tend to hang around the stage and leave the booths for the old time regulars (gotta show respect, know what i'm sayin?) and they do have the shuffle board, yes they do.

Last night I told my friend I was glad we gave it another chance to rock so hard as it does as my favourite karaoke place and I haven't experienced fleas since. She laughed and pulled up her dress to show my THREE flea bites on her thighs- "I DID". Maybe its time to invest in one of those wet vacs, YTR, what do ya say?

***********

On a recent visit, I was talking to Lauren V. and felt like a small child was grabbing my leg-looked down and Gregor Samsa, Kafka's creation, was crawling up my leg. A giant cockroach! So big you could see him (Gregor) shuffle off my leg onto a dark carpet in the dark room from a couple feet away. GADDAMN.

But I still love the Yucca. Thats a damn fine dive bar, when even the above elements fail to deter you from entering the vicinity.
Yucca Tap Room! I love this place! I went on a Saturday night with an itch for shuffle board. When we walked in, I thought there was no way we'd get on the table with how crowded it was, but boy did we. We monopolized that table for what seemed like hours, playing with and against complete strangers and having a blast. A band was playing, which made for a great atmosphere but was not at all too loud for conversation-- a definite plus. I'll be going back very soon now that I've read about the live band karaoke!!
i LOVE this bar. i went to college in an old railroading town in rural illinois and i felt totally at home here. it is the perfect unintentional dive bar. when you walk in, you immediately get the feeling that everyone sitting at the bar knows each others' names, but you still feel welcome. the beer selection is limited (of course! the bartender had never heard of red stripe.) but man, the atmosphere makes up for it. LOVE IT.
When I first moved next door to the Yucca Tap Room, I was so happy. I love draft beer and good ones, too. There was a "Tap Room" near where I had lived, 127 beers mostly fresh. No Bud for me, I like beer with flavor. I couldn't wait to get a nice cold freshly poured draught. So, you can imagine my dismay when I sat down and looked for the tap handles displaying my favorite brews. There are none. NONE, zip, zero, zilch. Then as I asked for some of my favorites, I was even more dismayed and ended up with a Beam on the Rocks. or 4. hehe. I was walking, why not, ha. It wasn't a total waste, I did get spanked by a German Mexican chick who likes her toes sucked. I mean, thats worth no Taps, right? I've only been back once on a Thursday for the Live Karoake and it was pretty rockin. They had Sierra Nevada(were out the first time)and I was easily satisfied even without it coming thru a tap. It's a close second to the king of dives, PV.
When I first started going to Yucca, I was scared by the crowd -- the dive bar attracts a lot of rough locals. However it also attracts a lot of cool music lovin' folks so give it a chance. The bartenders are some of the nicest people I've ever encountered. And I now count the owner Rodney as a friend. The beer is also extremely cheap and the live music kicks ass. I recommend heading out on a Thursday when the bar hosts Rock Karaoke. People are invited to sing along with a backing band (the Valley's Zen Lunatics). You'll hear everyone covering The Doors to The Rolling Stones to The Go Gos. And more often than not, this turns into a show of local musicians performing covers. Watch out for Nate Ruess, the lead singer of Valley pop-rockers The Format. His Beatles covers are killer.
The Yucca Tap Room is wonderful for the following reasons:
1.  They don't actually have taps
2.  They do have live band karaoke
3.  They do have table shuffle board. 
4.  They do have the naked lady game.... otherwise known as Photo Hunt... the best bar game of all time.  (A note to both ladies and gents, the naked ladies are much less distracting than the naked men... and hair, heels, and bra straps are heavily relied on as the sourced of difference between the image.
5.  It's a good mix of people and pretty cheap.  Unpretentious and awesome!
6.  It's bikeable, but I feel like I've traveled long distances to get there (I think that is because crossing Souther is intimidating)
I'm going to have to agree with Bonnie on this one. The Yucca-Monkey-Time Out trifecta creates a vortex at Southern and Mill that can suck a thrifty drunk into a solid bender without putting a dent in the wallet. That said, it's probably my least favorite bar in this skeevy little triangle. It's just kind of...there for me. 

First off it's a Tap Room with no beer on tap. Perhaps a more observant patron would have noticed this on their first visit. I am not that type of creature. Probably took me about...well let's just say it would take me two hands to count the number of visits, before I finally realized that Yucca was either willfully deceptive or were trying to be the hardened, cool baby equivalent of Prankster's Gar and Brill (hardy har har).

But I don't really drink beer on tap that often (duh) so this was no great disappointment to me. I generally just stick with well spirits, and at least they've got those in spades. However compared to their competition cattycorner (Time Out and Monkey Pants), I might as well just save myself disappointment and order a beer because cranberry juice or fizzy cola generally drowns out the taste of any alcohol in the drink. A strong drink is an absolute MUST of a dive bar, and Yucca has consistently disappointed in that respect. 

I've also never had a positive experience with the bartenders, who don't really give a shit about when they get to you and don't seem to have any discernable system of serving patrons (proceeding clockwise until everyone is served, repeat, maybe?) but I'm a pretty patient person, and the fact that they have to make change with every order can understandably slow things down.

Live entertainment is the best thing about Yucca, with bands playing just about any evening you go without a cover. And Rockaroke on Thursday nights makes this place a must for anyone living in Tempe! A live band providing a soundtrack for you to get your best rock star impression on? Be still my heart! Although you probably wouldn't want to take a first timer here because all you're handed is a little sheet of lyrics. So you'd best be performing "your" song, because it's a well known fact that everyone needs at least one solid karaoke song in their repertoire.  

Oh, and they have free shuffleboard. And I love me some shuffleboard.
I like this place for all of the reasons listed previously. 

It's just a nice place to hang out with friends.

Theres also a rumor that George W. went there on his last visit to Arizona.
This is the new place to be every 1st & 3rd Sunday of the month! Hot Mess begins February 3rd. Two live bands and two dj's each time. No cover and great drink specials.
If you've ever been to a Vegas dive off-strip (maybe somewhere upstream on Trop) that has video-poker-machines and other touch-screen absurdities, then you've already had your intro to the Yucca Tap Room.  I appreciate that its a rare, live music bar room, which is strikingly rare in this town for some reason, but if you aren't going to check out a band bang their way through Tom Petty covers, than I cannot really fathom a reason to check it out.  That said, there ARE times when you want exactly this, and Yucca Tap Room provides that valley void.  Prices are so cheap its silly and the regs are generally spirited and friendly to non-regs.
I have mixed feelings about Yucca Tap Room. I want to love it, but right now we are in a love/hate relationship. 

The interior of Yucca is dark and wood; it reminds me of some dirty fraternity house basements that I went to parties at back in my college days. The crowd is mixed and almost evenly split between true dive bar fans and the pseudo-hipsters from ASU. There was an abundance of pseudo-hipsters this past Friday night at Yucca and it started giving Yucca a slightly douchey feel to it unfortunately.

I like that Yucca has live music and some of the singers/bands we have heard have been pretty decent actually. Definitely not music you will find in a lot of other places in the Valley. I also like that they have shuffleboard, even if it is the longest shuffleboard table I have ever seen. The best part about the shuffleboard table is that it's free and doesn't have a time limit, so bonus points for that. Another gripe about clientele at Yucca...if you call "next game" for shuffleboard (or any other bar game for that matter), that suggests you are going to play the winner. Apparently that concept missed some frat-tastic guys at Yucca on Friday because they called "next game" and then their entire group proceeded to take over the shuffleboard table when my group finished our game. Grrr!

Beers are average price...my Bud Lights were $3 each. Not expensive, but higher priced than what I would expect at a dive bar. Yucca is an interesting Tempe establishment, but I prefer Monkey Pants a lot more.
I make sure to stop in here every time i am in the Phoenix area.  Great music and excellent service make this a place worth checking out for a few of their cheap drinks.  Tuesday evenings a great house band called Chocolate Fountain will keep you grooving!  Great local bands take turns filling the stage through out the rest of the week and weekend.  Venus is one of the nicest bartenders in the valley and she will pour you an honest drink as will all the staff behind this bar.  Oh yeah bar shuffleboard on hand for the sporty types.
I'm a fan of Yucca.  Clown Shoes is always fun to come sit in on.  The music can be come and go, but at least there is plentiful amounts of it.

It's usually pretty dark and there's always a crowd smoking outside.  Nice and divey.  

Cash only, $2 PBR's in a can.
I've been going to Yucca since 1999 (the year I moved from Tucson to Phoenix) I loved this bar and it still holds a special place in my heart. My boyfriend at the time (later to be husband and ever later to be ex-husband) and I had one of our first ridiculous makeout sessions in this bar, induced by insanely strong long islands. The Yucca is where I became a professional lush.

Back in the day it was pretty skank on the inside. Everyone smoking and drinking and coughing and smoking some more. Toothless dood's hitting on my then 23 year old ass. We knew a few of the bartenders pretty well and never felt unsafe. I look back on those times fondly. 

Last time I graced Yucca with my presence was about a month and a half ago. I met a friend (who happens to be 23.... odd ) for a drink after work. He lives in the area and it was a good excuse to venture into Tempe instead of holing up in my beloved CenPho like I always do.

It was a Wed. evening and they had some live band karaoke thing happening. I didn't recognize any of the bar staff or patrons for that matter... though I didn't really expect to. Is Venus still there??  The place was crawling with hipster/scene kids and it was kinda depressing. It looked like a fucking American Apparel catalog threw up all over the place.  I'm pretty sure it was the $2 cans of PBR that caused this phenom. Oh, shut your pie.... I know I drank them too. Ah well, made for some interesting people watching.

 My buddy's "friends" showed up and they began to start  what I'm going to refer to from this point forward as "The Hipster Olympics".... Like playing shuffleboard with their cell phones, you know, idiotic shit like that. 
I took off shortly there after, granted it was a school night. I don't blame The Yucca for this invasion, it just bummed me out because of the fond memories I have of the place. 

No worries... I will return, I'll just make sure to tell my quite mature young friend to leave the very immature young following behind.
Arizona natives know the magical tranquility that comes from stepping out of ultra-bright heat and into cool, cool darkness. Yucca reminds me of the Tempe and Chandler bars of my childhood, where my friends' moms would let us run around while they sipped Coronas with leathery men.

I returned Sunday night after years away, and the new Sunday night bartender is an absolute knockout. It made the $3.75 Bud Lights easier to swallow.
If your a fan of good live music this place is key. I just moved to the area and was looking for some good music and decided to check out this place.  I was pleasantly surprised. No cover the time I went and the music was rad. I met alot of cool people and the bartender (forgot his name) made my drinks stout and even gave me a free shot at the end of the night. I will definitely come back when I'm in the mood for good people and good music. 


a shot of whiskey and a pbr for under 5 bucks!??!?! yeah!!
Kristi D just reminded me that I love Yucca  :)

Great local music spot, espcially because there is no cover charge!

Only reason I am not giving this place 5 starts is because it is SOOOOO loud and normally takes forever to get something from the bar.
I've only been here to see bands play. For that purpose, it seemed to be a bit of an awkward setup. I would feel quite awkward trying to play a show here... it's much easier being a patron. 

It is indeed small and divey as a venue and just divey as a bar. Every drink was served in plastic cups when I've gone - that might change on different nights. In the back, they had a Golden Tee which I jammed my finger on almost 2 years ago (and it's still fucked up), and which kept shorting out in the middle of the game. Irritating. 

It can be a pain to get in and out of because you have to make your way through clouds of smoke and people trying to watch the band in order to belly up to the bar. Also, depending on how busy it is - it can take awhile to get served.

If you're going to see the band, you may want to note that the sound mix isn't the best. Also, the acoustics in the place aren't very good either. I do kinda like that it's not the easiest place to find. I also like that it's a weird setup. This place would rank pretty low on my list of favorable places to go see a band play, but I wouldn't necessarily avoid seeing a band I like just because they are playing here.
Went to see My Doll tonight and walked from The Sets.  This is an awesome place to see live music, especially if you are a punk like me!
It's really well-lit for a bar!  Never a cover charge, which is always a plus.
The shows are always fun and tonight I almost got wiped out in the pit.  500 cool points for that!
Takes awhile to get a drink from the bar, but that's a good and bad thing.  Good - you know there's a crowd.  Nothing like a dead place with bands playing.
Bad - well, if you're really jonesin' for a drink, you have to wait.  Suckas!
I really like the Yucca Tap Room!  I've been three or four times now and always have a great time.  The bar is definitely divey and cash only (there is an ATM machine near the bathrooms but it's best to come prepared with cash beforehand).  I usually only go to Yucca to see What Laura and Black Carl (my faves), but I'd like to make more effort to check out some other local bands sometime.  From what I remember the drinks are pretty cheap ($20ish for 3 beers and 2 shots, not sure of the individual pricing since I always seem to be ordering in bulk for a small group).
Darts and beer. Can't say much else.
First off, TAP ROOM? The beer selection here is LAME. The name implies a great beer selection, well the best you're likely to get here is PBR. Other than the lame beer selection, the place is not too bad. Typical dark dive atmosphere. There are good bands that play here though.
Great little dive bar with music nightly and NO COVER.  A few times a month they get really decent bands and everyone there is laid back and not pervy, which seems to be a rarity in this town.  "ooh girl alone in a bar, lets try to get in her pants". Nope, not like that here.  These folks respect the need for booze and don't act like total douche bags.

Also, they have High Life and Jameson,  2 major staples in any one not from here's diet.
Oh Yucca. You are the best place I ever discovered on my own. I first came across Yucca when searching for a great karaoke place in Tempe. I ended up finding Rockaroke which has since then been my fix since I have no time for a band. 

It's small. It's a total dive bar. The beer is cheap and there's a great list of off the wall beers and I love it! 

It's a great place to go and relax and hear some music and you can seriously not beat rockaroke. Karaoke but with a backup band and not that shitty midi file-esque crap? Yeah. Awesome. 

If you are going on a night when something good is going on, get there earlier than you planned on going or you won't get a seat. It can also take awhile to get a drink from the bar, but I think that's because it can become really packed there some nights. 

I go often and I love it every time.
The only reason why Yucca doesn't get a 4 or 5 is due to the sight lines. I'm not sure they could do any better with the shape of the club/bar but if you want to see the band be prepared to stand and NOT sit at the bar.

That said Yucca has a really good booking policy ... a virtual who's who of local music plays here.
This place is a classic Dive spot in Tempe. A hit with the local neighborhood and majority of surrounding cities. The atmosphere is dark and dirty, the bar only accepts cash, and the band selection/ booking is in excellant taste. From Kinch, Black Carl, What Laura Says, all the way to The Love Me Nots, they all rock it tight with emotion and intensity. This place is a great sit back, drink your sorrows away, and feel better about yourself by people watching kind of place. Hope it helped
went there last night, after a rotten day and dinner at La Bocca. fairly good band playing, quite the indie scenester crowd(a bit irritating, but pretty much what I expected). 

$4.50 for a Jack and diet coke is...pretty f**king steep, but I still bought three and left feeling pretty good.
Definitely a dive - nice wood paneling on the walls...I went for the PBR Tiki Lounge, and the function was great on the outside - although when I arrived there were no bands on stage. Inside the bar I ordered a can of PBR since it was a PBR tiki lounge. It took a while for the bartender to check up and give me a second one. She didn't say how much it was, but I threw down $4 and she took it all. Another thing to note is that it is cash only - no tabs. They do have an ATM in the back. Admission was $3 for the function.

There were no bands inside and the place didn't have much traffic in the afternoon, despite the function starting at 2 PM. Eventually I wandered outside and saw a band, but there were not many people outside either.

There were some interesting people...I was drunk thanks to the Oktoberfest I came from earlier in the day, but there was a Ghost Buster and a banana behind me...I had 3 PBRs and called it a a day. Overall this bar wasn't too memorable for me...
oh glorious drunk alcoholic career making dive bar how I love you. I've never actually had a drink of alcohol at Yucca Tap Room... I'm too scared to. I've heard too many stories about people passing out, getting into fights, and having wacky adventures on the way home. I used to be all for these types of adventures but now I just like to hang out here and enjoy the atmosphere and drink soda until I explode. 

The crowd can be pretty diverse I hear, but everytime I go there there are mostly "rockabilly" and "rude boys" filling the bar. I don't mind these types, but it gets a little weird when everyone is alike so much. This is a dive for twenty somethings which I love, because most bars like this attract career alcoholics, whereas this one attracts new alcoholics and alcholics in training. Thats way more fun.
This is the one bar in town that when I go I know I'm going to have a good time.  It's a dive, a dive of dives, and I have had some of my best times in Tempe in this dive.  Hu seems to really love musicians and local music, so much so that he never charges a cover for music at this place, which makes for a cheap night out whenever the plans go all Yucca.

The bar is loud when there is music.  If the music is good you might not even have room to stand.  The people are weird, but I'm weird, so I love this place.

If Tempe is going to be great for music again, with the Sail reopened and 910 reopening, Yucca is the one place that might have preserved enough original and quality music to build upon.

Drinks are cheap, from tall boys of PBR to whiskey to... that's all I've ever drank there.
It started out great... I wasn't carded. Which is nice since in the city limits of Tempe it seems to be the thing to do.... and at 42 it gets a little embarrassing to be pulling a photo of myself from back in 1995 out of my wallet. So the bouncer gets points for common sense. No cover charge and four bands tonight. It was a young crowd but not annoying more laid back. I found a seat at the bar (score.) The bar tenders were busy but nice and everyone seemed to be in a good mood... but that could have been the sea of Pabst Blue Ribbon (I think I was the only person there not holding a can.) I almost felt as if I were in a PBR commercial. There were some cute young men that seemed very smart with their earplugs. My ears are still ringing as I write this. I went to see Source Victoria and they rocked the house. I didn't drink anything so I didn't visit the restroom but since the ladies is next to the stage I did get a nice view as the girls ran in and out... it looked fine. So despite not drinking and staying up way past my bedtime I still enjoyed myself and for a "dive" bar I felt pretty safe going there. Parking is ample, people are nice, free to get in, easy access to the freeway to zip back downtown. Not bad for a Saturday night.
Oh great, just what I needed, another strong beer and craft liquor bar bar full of great people, nice pool tables and next door to my favorite music venue in the city of Tempe.

They've done a great job with this place.  You could still smell a bit of the varnish from the new bar and walls when I went in, very cleanly done in greens and wood to reflect the three pool tables.  They have a nice selection of taps and a huge selection of bottled beer.  The owner said that they've got local artists bringing in rotating art starting next week.

The liquor selection is a thing of beauty.  Rodney has sought out the best micro-distilled spirits he can find.  He poured us a little sip of the Dry Fly vodka and gin, both amazing, beyond your normal liquor for quality and smoothness.

What I like best about this place is that it isn't trying to hard.  The crowd was still a Yucca crowd, the music was still rock, nothing loungey about it. Though my wallet dies every time I say it, Long Live Yucca.
Love the Yucca Tap - rockeokee on Thursday's was a weekly tradition for a long time. 

They added a new room, which is great, it really adds some room and it allows people to go in there and hang out if their not into the band. Also added enough space for some pool tables which is chill. The only thing that sucks is that they don't take credit.

If you're into the dive bar feel, this is a great place to go.
Oh Yucky Tap, I hardly know ye!

Checked out the new expansion last night and I have to say I'm quite impressed. They took over some greasy food joint next door and instead of knocking out a wall and openin' 'er up, they simply added two entrances from the existing Yucca bar you know and love (ahem, some of us know and love quite a bit more than others).

So the first entrance is right off the OG entrance, and the second entrance is punched out of the wood paneling wall where the booths stop on that side. Kinda funny since you won't notice it until someone comes through it, and the glowing white light and shiny floor pulls you in like siren song. 

However, the cuteness of the hidden door quickly wears off if you happen to be there on a packed night, because it's placement causes a TON of traffic jams and pushing and shoving as people try to go back/forth from expansion to OG bar, and try to make their way from back/front of OG bar, and people trying to watch the band get sick of shuffling around the disaster. They need a light or a stop sign or something, it was just a mess!

But what about the fucking expansion already, right? No complaints there, not a one. I followed that soft glowing light, past three pool tables, two sparkly new (single person) bathrooms and to the bar, I was lead to a refrigerated cooler of "craft" beers. Beers in there range from $4 - $9. On tap, they had about 8 beers that included SKA True Blonde, Framboise, etc. I got the SKA and it was $4.25

The service was fast and friendly and I was pretty happy to belly up there and wait for my friends. That's when someone sat down next to me and ordered "two slices of pizza, with pineapple and olives." Um, what? You can order FOOD here? You sure can, my dear bar flys. They have a full kitchen that churns out slices, calzones and sandwiches. Whoa! If you were trying to give Taste of Tops a run, you certainly beat them in the food department. 

OK, I'm gonna wrap this up since I have a problem with brevity:

Awesome: Custom wall paper with Yucca's signature guitar logo, records and such; local artist paintings for sale and just for looking at; god, those nice new bathrooms need another mention!

Oh! One last thing. A little birdie told me that the craft bar does not factor into the pay out to the bands that play in the OG bar. Something to consider when you come *specifically to see a cool band for no cover.* They make money off a percent of the bar bill (in this case, the OG bar bill only), so keep that in mind.
I haven't been to the Yucca since, well let's say a long time! While the place was clean, the bartendress friendly and a good selection to drink...we went for Rock Karaoke. We checked the website which said music starts at 8:30pm, so we got there at 8:45. At 9:30 I asked a "security"/busser what time the band started, since they had finally gotten set up. He stated that "They start whenever they want to, maybe 10:30pm"! Wow! Really? Having been married to a pro musician for a long time, I was surprised by this. So, dive bar yes, now they have food, didn't try it. But if you are going for the music, go late, maybe they will be playing!

OK, we went back a couple weeks ago because a friend's band was playing. The lineup was good,  we got a booth in the corner, got a beer (had to go to the bar, no waitress) and it was a cool night. Still not fantastic but it was better than last time, so I will bump it up to 3 stars.
Very disappointed in the Yucca! Outside the entry door is a sign that states "Open at 6 AM".  Bullshit!!! My coworkers and I went there this morning and the bartender never showed up!!! We left at 6:30.  We night shift people deserve  a happy hour just like the day shift people.  This is not the first time we've waited in the parking lot past 6:00 AM for the day shift bartender.  I think the Yucca needs to hire someone that can  get their ass out of bed and open the bar for us night shift people. WTF!!!
We will be looking for another morning bar.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
A nice smaller place with good beer and live music, a few pool tables that give yhe place a real unique vibe.  Had a decent selection of bottles and about 8 taps of microbrewed beer. Prices were reasonable and the service was pretty good although it wasn't all that busy being summer.
I LOVE the Yucca!  Perfect dive bar with the nicest bartenders ever!  You rock Venus!!!  ALways free to get in, no matter what show is playing, they have a weekly lineup of awesome shows and open mike nights.  Love thursdays Blunt Club!  Two sides to the bar, one is a cash only bar with the live music stage, and the other is a chill room with pool tables and a bar with so many beers and whiskeys its a sight to see.  :P  They also serve food til 2am!
So, I frequented Yucca tap on my Saturday Dive Bar Tour and I have a sneaking suspicion it would be quite different if I stumbled in on a Saturday evening rather than around 2pm.  This suspicion is due to a combination of hearsay from friends, other reviews, and walking past the front doors to grab some Shisha from the neighboring smoke shop around 10pm.  For that last scenario, there was not one time in which I felt confident I would NOT be smacked in the head by a stray beer bottle.

I love the live music, there are so few places in Tempe where you can see some rock and roll without having to fork out $20 and know every lyric.  That's why even though I haven't had the pleasure of rocking out to some live music here myself, I'm reviewing high in anticipation and Yucca will have to mess it up to get an updated, lower review.

The place is really pretty small during the day, and dark as all hell.  I had trouble seeing when I first walked in.  The bartender was pretty cool, and prices were cheap - so cheap that when Chris R. asked about whether there were any specials going on, the bartender just replied 'no specials, we just sell everything cheap.'  Perfect.
It was a thursday night and pretty crowded, so I would be curious to see how this place is on weekends. The crowd seemed half ok, half douchey or just plain scary. I'm not sure if they are actual thugs or just posers, but I'm pretty sure there was some drug dealing going on in the parking lot. Maybe it's just the ASU crowd but the girls were dressed pretty slutty for a dive bar on a thursday night. 

The bar has two sides: the live music side seems more sketchy, whereas the beer/whiskey room is well lit with a good amount of seating and two bar sized pool tables. I heard they have cool shows, so I would like to come back to check that out. Bathroom on that side is surprisingly clean.
Standard dive bar.  Nothing extraordinary so if you're not already close by, don't bother.
Not to quote Toby Keith or anything but...I love this bar!  There is no cover which is definately a good thing.  I got here around 8:45 or so on a Friday night and it was pretty dead, a few people here and there at the bar but pretty empty.  The bartender and patrons were friendly though so I didn't mind.

My friends showed up a little bit later and we got a table so that we could have a good view of the band once they started playing.  Once it got closer to 9:30-ish it started getting busier and before I knew it the place was full and I had to squeeze through couples to get to the bathroom!

The live bands were awesome and it was nice that the people watching were actually enjoying it and you could tell.  It's always more fun when everyone around you is having a good time!

The best (well, one of the best) part of the night was when I went to close out my tab and found out that it was only $3.50 each for my Vodka Red Bulls!  This fact was extra astounding to me seeing as how a few nights before I had literally spent twice that on the exact same drink at a bar in Scottsdale! (insert Scottsdale joke here...)
YEAH! the YUCCA is the ULTIMATE in local DIVE bars. !!  shuffleboard , cheap drinks, local flavor, and no need for a JUKEBOX.  NO COVER, EVERY NIGHT,  live MUSIC!  come one, COME ALL!!
This place is the ultimate Tempe dive bar.  In my opinion this place is in one of the sketchiest strip malls in Tempe.  I could write a review on the parking lot alone, but that is for another day.  Anyway, enter the Yucca Tap and go to the right and you will see a depressing, dimly-lit bar.  To the left is a well-lit whiskey/beer bar.

My wife and I visited the Yucca on a random Saturday night at about 8:30ish.  The place wasn't too busy...yet.  We first went to the right.  We each got a beer and had a seat in one of their many booths.  There was a small band on stage.  There were only a handful of people there and most looked like they had been there all day drinking away their sorrows and/or hiding from the law.  The place was pretty depressing.  However, I like cheap drinks, friendly bar tenders and dive bars so I was ok with it.  Not exactly a place to bring your wife though.

Anyway, the other half of the bar (to the left when you enter) is a totally different story.  They have a great selection of beers and sort of reminds me of an older, grittier Taste of Tops.  We sat there for about an hour, sampled some more of their beers then took off.

I will definitely return when I feel the urge for some local dive bar action.  The entire place isn't as bad as it looks, has cheap drinks and everyone seemed pretty friendly.
love the yucca! Great selection of beers and music. the new lounge part is great and the bartenders are helpful when trying to choose from the large selection of beers! Great place.
Thursday nights go off! Bboy roundup with bboy/bgirl battles, fresh dj's, and live music! really cool crowd, great dancing, and good vibes! No cover
One of the oldest and coolest bars in Tempe. 

If you are looking for a traditional wooden wall, wooden bar, windowless dive-- look no further. Drink prices are reasonable, especially during the day. 

The owner has recently doubled the size of the bar, offering the traditional honky tonk one one side, and a fine ale and whiskey bar on the other. 

The Yucca now accepts credit cards for the first time since forever, which is a convenience most people take for granted these days. 

There is live music every night, some touring acts, some local acts, and some regular gigs that draw in locals. 

I've heard this bar referred to as "rough" or "tough" or "rowdy", and while that hasn't been my experience, what do you really expect from a place with this much character and everlasting style. This is the type of bar that separates the men from the boys, the alcoholics from the drunks, and coherent from the incoherent. 

The parking is in the back ,like any respectable dive bar should be, and the good ole boys that drink there during the day are a fine bunch a fellas.  I like their deep contempt for the youngsters that wreck the place every night.  But every night, those young and hip crowds create a culture that is truely Tempe--  Good and bad, and that ain't bad.
I love the Yucca! Great dive with no cover, good beer selection, friendly bartenders, and plenty of dancing room for the diverse bands that they have playing almost every night. There hasn't been a time yet that I've visited and left unhappy. 

My only complaint would be the sound. We were there last night to see a band, and the levels were off a bit. The singer was drowned out completely. Hasn't been a problem before though!
LOVE YUCCA!  Usually each night has a different theme ... and I am a sucker for loosely-based-theme nights, dancing, live music and reasonably priced drinks.  YUCCA HAS IT ALL! 

Sunday was Cowboy/Western music/theme but without the actual cowboys so it ended up being a lot of great un-western (less intimidating than the real thing) people swinging around on the dance floor :)  Everyone there seems to be down to have a good time and dance no matter the type of music/theme/crowd.  Fantastic. 

It is a great dive in Tempe and within walking distance from Time Out Lounge and Monkey Pants (two other GREAT bars).  So easy to do a little circuit comprised of the Tempe dive bar trifecta! 

It always seems to be perfectly crowded... never dead and never 45min to get a drink...you will find a seat at the bar or a nearby booth but you have to do a bit of legwork.  

The only complaint I have was that my martini extra dirty was too dirty.  It was quite green in fact.... and although it was drinkable it wasn't necessarily enjoyable.  

*Its right on Southern and Mill but you got to overshoot the bar quite a bit and continue W on Southern before turning into the parking area*
Come here quite a bit to meet friends for happy hour.  We had Dani as our bartender and she was really good, made us a bunch of shots we have never had before.  Also a good selection of beers on tap and in bottles.  Haven't checked it out yet but hear there is music on other side of the bar.
Now THIS is my kind of place! Secluded, hole in the wall with laid back locals and a band that no one would pay more than a few bucks to see but they were awesome! They were a little country blue grass rockabilly kind of sound. Lol Does that even sound good?? But people danced and everyone looked to be having a really fun time! I was surprised at how packed this place got! Parking lot is a little dark and shady but there are plenty of people around, so it's not that bad. I had a guy with me. The bartenders were friendly and the places was just real casual and dive but fun for something and somewhere different. There were definitely more dudes there than girls.  But could have been just that night. Went on a Saturday.
Went last Saturday night to watch a friends band play.  I wish this place was on the west side of town.. Live Music, No cover and super friendly people, nice casual dive bar.
great beer and whiskey selections, on the side of the bar i like to refer to as "baby yucca"!

The yucca is a cool place to catch a free show, and dance your ass off, or just chill and play pool and sip some whiskey!

For the most part the bartenders are really cool people, quick to take your order! There is one rude chick, I have no idea who she is, and I don't care, it doesn't bother me or ruin my night in any way that she is miserable!  All in all Yucca gets two thumbs up!
Great hole in the wall bar!
Dumpy dive bar with normal/nice bar prices.  WTF?  Scary location & parking, broken glass everywhere, homeless guy out front begging for spare change, graffiti in bathrooms, etc.  Beer selection nothing to get excited about either.
The best dive bar in Tempe that features Live Music with no cover charge.  All the employees here are nice and treat you with respect.  The beer is cheap and the service is good.  There is shuffle board and darts to keep you entertained between music sets.  

Even though the location is a little bit dumpy it adds to the dive bar factor and keeps the douschbags away.  If your not a douschbag and want to try something different, check out this place.
Visited this little local Craft Brew pub last Monday while bar hopping in Tempe. Funny place, two different bars in one location. A live music venue on one side, a small craft brew bar on the other. The craft beer bar is accessed through a door on the west wall in the Live Music bar. Had I not known I would have never found it! Perhaps this is done on purpose for people in the know, strange none the less. 
Once on the craft beer side I was surprised by the selection. Stone HWY78 Collaboration, Hop Knot, Epic Brewing beers, Belgian selections and many more. Of note, they also had an extensive selection of American Craft Whiskeys. Not to shabby! 
A great place for Monday day drinking as we found ourselves sat next to a couple we'd seen the previous day at Oak Creek Brewing in Sedona. Small World! The craft brew bar & tap handles were installed only recently(in the last year or so) so this place is not yet well known. We used to joke about the Yucca Tap Room, the only Tap Room w/o Taps. They have certainly remedied that problem with great a success. 
The place has a dive bar meets shabby sheik atmosphere feels quite comfortable. I'll be back. Don't be shy, give it a try!
Went to Yucca Tap Room again last night for a few pints. As usual, great draft selection.  As I said before, the place is really a bit odd. A live music venue on one side, a craft beer bar on the other. As you might guess I was in the craft beer room enjoying a Stone/Green Flash HWY78 scotch ale and hot wings. Great Pairing!  My favorite thing about this little hidden gem is that the Tap selection changes constantly. Every time I visit I try something new. Good people, great little place!
I really can't complain about a place that always has tall cans of PBR, the music here varies from night to night but the place never stops being so much fun.......it's a dive bar with plenty of interesting personalities but that's what makes this place so much fun, don't expect a mill type of crowd here much less a snobby scottsdale type of person here. You come to this place for good cold beer, cool live local music and fun times!
"Unpretentious" is the word that comes to mind when I think of Yucca Tap Room.  There's almost a refreshing quality to this stripped down dive bar--it's the polar opposite of places you'll find in Scottsdale [sigh of relief]. 

The bartenders are genuine and there's always live music to keep things interesting.  I love it because there's no cover.  Ever.  Plus, diverse musical talents bring equally unique people.  

The setup of the place is simple yet deliberate, with two separate "environments" to choose from (for lack of any other way to describe it).   There's a conventional 360-degree bar with stools lining the perimeter--the stage is on this side, making this the louder side of the place.  Thank goodness for the hooks lining the underside of the bar; this is the kind of place where you don't want your purse sitting on the ground.  There's a shuffle board on this side, and the door to the "patio."  By "patio", I mean a fenced-in strip of sidewalk along Southern Avenue where smokers can socialize.  

On the other side of the place there's another bar, backed with an expansive selection of bottled brews.  Yes, variety is what Yucca does best.  This side has a couple pool tables and some more seating.  Ladies, I highly recommend using the restroom on this side of the place. 

Don't be turned off by the first band that plays; the less talented musicians tend to play first.  Like any bar, it always gets more interesting as the night progresses.
I am biased, beware...but my love runs deep for Yucca!  Used to live walking distance so I frequented the spot.  Its a great dive bar to escape the "Mill Ave scene".  Bartenders are always super friendly and fun & I love the electronic jukebox.  There are always some interesting talents playing next door in the venue & sometimes I am really pleasantly surprised (Dry River Yacht Club was an interesting band who I ended up really liking).  

I really like the fact that it is split up so you don't HAVE to listen to the music in the next room, you can hang out in a booth, at the bar, or play some pool. Small outdoor patio space along Southern if you smoke & drinks are okay too.  The location might freak some people out if they're used to hanging out in Old Town or something but I promise it is quality fun without all the spray tans & hair gel.  So many memories. I miss the shit out of Yucca! Go here & get a peanut butter cup shot-don't forget the salt.
Total dive bar that I can ride my bike to and see great bands up close and drink dollar PBRs!! I love the Yucca!!
I really liked the wide selection of beers that they offered! However I do think they need more seating for busier nights!
Haven't been to  Yucca in about 8 years....HOLY CRAP!!! Freekin awesome!! Stopped in on a Saturday night, slam packed and a great SKA band on the stage...I had a blast. I just moved back to the area, so I will be stopping by more often!!! Great improvements!!
Very interesting local bar. Yucca sports two different "building" almost: one side is dedicated to draft and local beers on tap, with a small dining room. The other side of the building has a large bar and area for a band to play.

Yucca supports local bands so if you venture here to get a drink, know that you'll most likely happen upon a scene that involves loud music, lots of smoking, and hipsters in every corner. It's a young crowd that gets actively involved in the music playing.

But hey, wtih $2 PBRs, you can't beat the entertainment. Try it out!
Odd little dive bar. The nice young lady from Chicago helped make this a 4 star place.
Had a great time at the Yucca last night. Brought back tons of memories from the college days. *sigh*

I do believe the question "Are we that old?" came up more than once during the night though..... when did this getting old thing happen? ugh!

Anyway..... Yucca is still the great 'ol spot it always was. However I don't remember the giant beer selection from years past. It was great, I spotted a few Dog Fish Head beers, come local stuff, and some fancy stuff. Def a great place for a beer drinker!

We were there to check out a few live bands. They were great. The sound guy did a good job, and the set up was nice. The booths were a little cramped, but manageable. The smoking patio could use a few chairs maybe. The bathroom was clean and acceptable. 

Only thing that was irritating.... they need to manage the bands a little better, over 30 minutes between sets? After the second band, my favorite however, finished setting up then went out for a leisurely smoke for about 10 minutes. We had to leave before the third band got on. Please use time better. Would have liked to see more bands. 

Had an over all good time. We will be back more often for sure!
We're regulars here so obviously we love it! It's got a different vibe to it then the other Tempe bars. Has a GREAT beer selection.  Just watch out for the bands that are playing sometimes they bring in very interesting crowds.  I try to hang out in the second room, away from the live music.  Oh and try their pizza, delicious!
Alcoholic's Paradise!!!

I must say the first thing that caught my attention at this place was the hours. It opens at 6am and closes at 2am every day! The place also has no windows.

My roommate absolutely loves this place, but I'm not as much of a fan. It's a local hangout for bikers, hipsters, and people that don't appear to fit in with the traditional clientele that a bar has. From time to time, I see a group of young people stroll in, but this is mainly a hangout for people in their 30's and up.

The beer selection is pretty awesome and I think they have one of the best selections in town. The price of some drinks though is really expensive. Be careful what you order, the rarer the beer, the more it will dip into you funds.

They have a strict $10 minimum on all credit card tabs, so if you are only going for a drink you might want to bring cash. The service is ok considering the type of customers they cater to. I'm sure it has more positives and negatives that I have not mentioned, but overall, it's not a bar I would see myself going to.

In sum, it's like that house that sits on the market waiting for the right buyer: Are you ready to make an offer? Not me.
Cheap drinks, friendly service and absolutely fantastic people watching! This place has two sides, one has a live band; the other has pool and sometimes a DJ. They have different drinks/beers on each side. I've sat on both sides, and you'll see everything from a suite jacket to hardcore biker attire on the men...and t-shirts & jeans to those skimpy little skirts on skinny and not so skinny bodies for the ladies. Overall, a really good dive bar, good pizza, and a great place to hang-out.
Yucca is one of the best places to see local bands - no cover, cheap drinks and cool atmosphere. It gets a little crowded, but it only enhances a live performance experience if the band is good.
Best dive bar in town, one of the best places to catch live music. Venus is your friendly neighborhood bartender. Plenty of old locals as well as college hipsters. Great beer selection and strong cocktails, video poker as well as shuffleboard, booths and plenty of room to dance.
Yucca Isn't Yucky
By The Rue

Popped into Yucca Tap Room,
Thought I was gonig to meet my doom,
Outside it's filled with gloom,
Inside it's comfy like a mother's womb,
It doesn't have a lingering fume,
After sex I like to spoon,
It's dark inside like a tomb,
You can bring the bride and groom,
The I.P.A. makes my heart rate zoom,
Speedbuggy likes to say "varoom",
Great place for a small band to bloom,
Dropping bombs that go ka-boom,
Witches do it on their broom,
On Halloween wear a costume,
When you come here just don't assume,
There will be hot chicks wearing perfume,
If you're lucky maybe they'll consume,
Enough alcohol so you can presume,
To get it on in the bathroom.

Palo Verde!
Remember when the beauty of Yucca Tap was that there were no taps? Well times, they have a changed.

Im a fan of the redesigned stage area in the main room. The addition of a credit card machine is super as well. Kudos to the owners for opening the other side where the old italian sub shop was. Yucca has food! And its good! Love the craft beer fridges and taps on the new side as well.

I recommend going to the new side for beer, they really do have a great selection, and going to the old side or Yucca classic for a mixed drink.
If I had to choose between sex and another visit to Yucca Tap, women everywhere would be bracing themselves for disappointment.

While many bars aim to boast the LARGEST beer selection, Yucca keeps it cool, with a nice ratio of staples like PBR and Red Stripe for $3 to obscure drafts for as low as $6. Many of them come in 10-12 oz. glasses, and that's so they don't completely kick your ass. I had:

Deschutes Hop Henge Experimental IPA (8.5% ABV)
Mission Shipwrecked Double IPA (9.3%)
And some other ale from Goose Island Brewery I was too buzzed to bother noting details on. 

Also, the liquor selection. Just do it.

You don't even have to drink to enjoy this place. There's a good bar menu, a Foosball table, pool, some casino game I don't recognize, and A WHOLE OTHER BAR FOR MORE LIQUOR AND LIVE MUSIC. And they don't even charge a cover.

Just writing this review makes me wanna race out there right now, and it takes a lot to get this excited about a dive.
Cool place to see bands, never a cover, but there might be for the show on Oct. 2?
 21+over only, kids! Don't even TRY. Yeah I'm talking to YOU, baby face undercovers.
It can get rowdy in front of the band depending on the flavor, it's let go till it gets too much, at which point security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool. Pick your brother up off the floor if he's down. Stick your arm in the air and you'll be pulled up.
Sometimes they have some well-known bands play here - well known if you're up on your historic punk and HC.
******************************************************
OCTOBER 2, 2012 - The Queers ROCKED MY FACE!!!
******************************************************
Don't be a drunken idiot. 
Like I said, security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool.
They will be more than happy to wreck you if you misbehave.

OK so now on to the nitty gritty - The beer bar next door has KILLER beers at a fair price, they've just expanded the taps. The website doesn't necessarily have the most up to date list, but close. Loads of bottles to choose from as well. Look for the Firestone beers in boxes, they're hard to get. You can take that to go as well as far as I know. Beer snobs will be happy here, Yucca has the beers you've been known to expect - Sculpin IPA, Modus, and others from the likes of Left Hand, Firestone Walker, Ska, Oskar Blues, Odell, Epic, Deschutes, and more. If you see one from Goose Island, JUMP ON IT.

The food has definitely been ramped up, now they have chicken n waffles, the incredible Yucca Burger, and wings with a wide selection of flavors. Burger is ground IN-HOUSE and is a mix of rib eye and sirloin. SCRUMPTIOUS!
Generous pizza slices also on offer, and they hit the spot.
Also a selection of kosher hot dogs. Check out the website for details.
Den of AWESOMENESS!  Our server Caitlin(SP) was amazing and made sure that our beers were full and able to assist us with anything from our next IPA, Lager or anything Delish selection to food.  The bar gives good service and is quick to make sure that you're taken care of even if there are busy which I think is pinnacle to any bar and niche beer marketeteer.  The night was pretty calm for us so we only had a 6ish each of the selections but it's always a driving factor in making sure that you taste the world.  I totally love it for the atmosphere as well.  You can people watch, check out a gnarly band, play some pool (though get some cues) or get hammered de slammered on some wicked good brew.
I love me some Yucca.  I moved here from Chi City and this was one of the first bars I visited.  I really love it here!  There are great beers, good food, and one of the main reasons why I started going here was to visit with my favorite bartenders!  Truly a great atmosphere.  I love that Yucca always has a variety of shows and there is no scene here, except for the crowds that bands bring in.  Awesome place.
Yucca is a Tempe institution.  Family owned since Jesus was 2, This is a classic dive.  No cover for awesome bands.  Pool tables. Booths, barstools, hightops and a dance floor.  Excellent liqour selection, clean bathrooms, generous parking.  Plenty of seating, but its gonna get loud as the night progresses!  Not one complaint about this ultra casual bar.  Feels like Cheers to everyone, even those who are not regulars, such as myself.  The staff made me feel very welcome.  A wonderful, old school, comfortable dive.  Love it.
Yucca is a staple in my routine of dive-ish bars, and always entertaining for sure! Depending on the night the clientele can range from regulars, hip-hop heads, to metal heads and everything in between. 
Callan is one of two of my favorite bartenders there. Always so sweet, with a huge smile on her face and takes the time to make sure you get exactly what you want. My other favorite being Jared, what can i say, he makes a stiff drink and has more charm and charisma than the hoff.
Serves food until 2AM!

Saturday specials: $4 red headed slut shots... I think we are tempted. 

Too bad we didn't see the 3rd red head who walked by us as we all agreed to take it on the 3rd one that walks by. :(

I've been eyeing this place for the longest time since I've been seeing my two friends from Arizona checking into this place. Finally got to try it out and....

I only liked the drinks, atmosphere and the pool table. Totally did NOT like the food that night. On their menu, there is a bar snacks and entree section. I decided to eat something small since I know I cannot finish a burger or a taco by myself, so I got the chicken and beef kabobs. Some of you should know how a kabobs look like right? If you don't, they look like this http://yieatn.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/kabobs-719954.jpg and what yucca gave me was only meat and no veggies. Disappointed...I wished they at least listed on the menu somewhere 'just meat' When I got the kabobs, my chicken tasted fine, but my beef tasted like it got dipped into salt at least 5x... Ugh. I hope the food only tasted that yucks because of not having enough people in the kitchen. I mean... if you're going to serve bar snacks, it shouldn't take 40-50 mins. Gah....

Pool table entertained us the most throughout the night. $1 quarters a game. Plus there's a live band in the other room if you're interested in listening. By the way, there's also another bar in the same room where the band places but only a couple of tables to sit down. 

maybe it's a bad night that we went...I guess we'll have to find out the next time I visit! Until then...this place was OKAY.
Ok, so why does no one mention the "Food"??? Must admit I'm in the older crowd... I like it on the early side, before the music starts... This place has been here forever, perfect spot for Friday nite dinner stop and CRAZY GOOD FOOD! Bacon Waffle Patty Melt w/ Tots and all dipped in Syrup! I love it! Definitely on the divey side, but shout out to ERIC in Security.. He will make you feel special and welcome! Check it out!!
Now with cover? i think i am going to some place better if i have to pay for it.... was a cool place before they started charging a cover charge.
this is a great location in Tempe away from Mill street, has a large selection of beers on tap and bottled, and the menu  has something for everyone, the bar splits in two one is for live music and they regularly have live bans playing and the other side has a poll table and has all the beers on tap.
3.5 stars.

I liked how the bar is split into two, separated by a door. One that was more of a hangout bar, and the other was for live bands. They have a good selection of beer on tap, at good prices, and the wings were okay. The bartender wasn't bad, a bit oblivious to customers at times, but she was nice.
They had some free live music going on Tuesday night and the first band was pretty good. Two rooms and a patio make this place unique. Large selection of craft beers in the dining room area of the place. I tried the fried chicken breast and waffle sandwich. I brought it home, but fell asleep. Some of the waffle was already soaked in syrup (two kinds, but both regular and chipotle tasted similiar) and the breast was big and seasoned well. I chopped it up the following day and it was ok, minus a few fatty segments. Large menu, but small kitchen with one guy working. Good place to get drinks and see new bands. Middle of shopping mall.
I live in the neighborhood and come here often. There's always live music, been to a lot of great shows there. I wish they would bring back the Disney movie marathons on Sundays, that was always awesome. The one side is the main area with the stage and a bar offering liquor and crappy drafts. The other side has like 20 taps with great micro brews and a beer fridge with more goodies. 

The service is usually crappy but the food is AMAZING. Recently they redid the menu. Hands down the BEST HOT WINGS ever. I also would recommend their chicken and waffles and the french fry platter with the kimchee and Koren BBQ is great. I love chili cheese fries but their chili is like lame can chili and its nacho cheese. While the food is awesome I always get sick the next day. Not sure if its the crappy bar food quality, grease, or poor cleanliness standards. Im addicted to their wings so I will keep going back. Bottom line is: Eat their hot wings and drink good beer.
Fries were fried perfectly,  Crisp and not at all greasy.  The chipotle mayo was very good.  I don't like the seasoning on the fries though, just salt for me please.

The steak burger comes with a nice brioche (I think) bun.  The burger was well cooked but it was over seasoned with some kind of mixture I didn't care for.

The bartender was great, the right amount of sarcastic surliness and pleasant friendliness.  

If the seasoning on the burger would have been more to my liking the place would have been a 3-4 for me.  There are some other things I may like to try so if I find myself in the neighborhood again I may hit it up.
Dive bar / casual atmosphere but the bartenders are so awesome and friendly! (Shoutout to Jared and Leah who I just met recently).
The parking lot is hard to find if you've never been.
Delicious drinks, food, and great music...I'm definitely a fan.
It's a fun dive bar with an amazing selection of brews. Plus, the kitchen cooks up some pretty good dishes. Service is pretty good, we didn't wait long for anything and there was definately a crowd. They have live music regularly, which is really nice. But my biggest qualm with the place is that they had live music playing in one room and a DJ playing in another. I'd rather just have one or the other.
Huge expansion. Decent selection of foods! Huge selection of craft beers to add to their pre-tap days offerings. And plenty of live music without a cover (usually). All without sacrificing the dive bar atmosphere.
I am all about Yucca Tap Room. (Except your parking lot. It sucks. I feel like I almost always scrape my undercarriage of my car on those speed bumps because I forget they are there).
Anyway...fun, live music, awesome service, and the ambiance, while dive bar-ish, is inviting. It's a cozy environment with two rooms to separate the bar/restaurant from the live entertainment. Let me tell you why I LOVE places that do this.

I am a music fanatic. However, there are sometimes those days where you go somewhere, like Yucca, or any other food-serving bar for that matter, and you just want to eat. It's AWESOME that I can still watch the live entertainment on the televisions they have propped on the walls while still being able to hear my friends speak. Sometimes you just have to separate the ones who came for the show and the ones who came for the food.

Speaking of the food. Bar food. I mean...how good is it going to actually get? At Yucca, I have the pleasure of saying, it actually gets pretty good. 

But it's still a bar... right? Yes. So the drink specials are quite comparable to other bars as well. I have to say, I do enjoy me some Yucca Tap Room. It is a place that I will continue to frequent providing I am in the area, or if I have a friend's band playing there and whatnot.
According to the bartender, I sat on the non-divey half of the bar because I was a little confused that many of the reviews called this a dive bar. Either that or my definition of a dive bar involves more hobos and dilapidated captain's chairs with the not so faint smell of old cigarette smoke and moldy wood paneling.  
At any rate...the beer selection is GREAT.  As an almost exclusive imbiber of the IPA , it was pretty great having several good beers to choose from.  And the kimchi bulgogi fries were stupendous.  Stupidly delicious.  My Korean mom is probably shaking her fist at the mere thought of the gluttonous, fatassery of a huge plate of fries covered in meat and kimchi.  You can also choose to get tots over fries.  Why I didn't notice that before I placed my order...I'll just have to live with myself until next time.  I would totally come back here, maybe next time I'll come at an hour where there are other patrons.  I bet this place gets a lot of cool people milling about.
Most critical fact: they have fernet branca. Se sirve fernet branca! Aguante Argentina!

Review is tricky because depending on your checklist for a bar it's either three stars or five, thus the 4 star rating. More on that in the next paragraph but here's the second most critical fact: beer is ridiculously cheap and food portions are ridiculously large. Oh and third most critical point: the friendliest bartenders I've ever met work here, 

Ok now the real review. You will give this place five stars if any of the following describes you:
*you are a hipster
*you enjoy motorcycles
*you enjoy small bands live
*you enjoy a good deal, regardless of atmosphere
*portions matter more than the product served
*you are looking for fernet (caution, the mix is strong)
*service matters to you

Now who would give it three stars?
*People looking for the hip bar, this place is not very crowded
*People looking for trendy or original mixed drinks
*People looking for smaller portions with less grease
*People looking for great food (it's good for a bar, but besides the portions, unremarkable)

All in all I had a solid experience and I will be back. A great place to start your evening. Maybe that would have just been the best way to write this review.
Despite not getting the plate I ordered, I was extremely pleased with my experience here. 

The live music was surprisingly awesome and the service was good.
Not a typical date night spot, but my fiance & I enjoyed it tremendously! 

(missing one star because I didn't get what I ordered)
My only complaint:  The bands that play here kinda suck.  Other than that (which isn't the Yucca Tap Room's fault entirely) this is a great place for people to make new friends and grab some drinks.  It's not too crowded.  When I went here, they couldn't take credit cards--but that's unusual.  Something happened of course, so I won't deduct a star for it being CASH ONLY (my greatest pet peeve) because obviously THEY DO TAKE CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS here.
This bar really has two distinct personalities. There is the original bar which has a few taps, but mostly bottles & cans. It is more of a traditional dive bar and has the major label beers (plus some of the forgotten brews that are more nostalgic now such as Hamm's & PBR). I was impressed that I checked in and received a Yelp coupon for 50% off of my first drink. I had a tall Red Stripe, a Hamm's, and a PBR for a grand total of $6. 

Next door, or through the door in inside the bar, is a second version of the bar. This has a whole different feel. It is more of a craft beer, newer bar. Unlike the chalk board menu next door, this section of the bar has electronic menus with a good assortment of micro-brews. Each of the ones I had on this side were $6 each. 

A huge highlight for me was the menu. I ordered a Sonoran hot dog for $3.95. Being engaged to a lady from Sonora I have had several from various places. The Sonoran hot dog here was probably the best I have ever had. And it was cheap! 

I like this place because it does have two different personalities and depending on your mood, one of them will be right for you. I like the newer side with a good selection of draughts and bottles. Not to mention the hot dog!
I am definitely biased towards Yucca because all of my friends have played this venue at some point.  But what I can enjoy from an unbiased perspective is the fact that it is free to see music on Fridays (I believe, if this is still their policy).  It is a good way to get out, go to a friendly dive bar, listen to local music, and drink with some good friends.  Bar tenders are always friendly, they usually have a great selection of beers (I love their digital beer menu), and their food ain't so bad, either! You have to park in the back of the strip mall to go in, and there are usually two places to walk into: one room has the stage where local bands play, the other room has the large list of beers and has an interesting movie playing on the tvs as well as music blasting over the speakers.  Yucca is always a good time.
I'm not too sure of what Yucca Tap was like before the added the billiards room. I'd imagine it smelled bad and was cramped all the time. That is not the case any more!

The food here is American-style bar food that is better than most of the similarly themed food on Mill Avenue, and cheaper to boot. They have a load of TVs if sports are your thing, and a sizable collection of rotating taps.

The older part, where they have free live shows almost nightly is great for people who enjoy intimate venues. Bad for cigarette smokers because the patio is small, or you'll have to go out front.
Loving this place. Great music, perfect hot wings, and a good drink list. If beer is your thing they've got plenty. There are probably at least 30 whiskeys too.
I didn't know what to think when we pulled up the the bar, but I'm glad we went in. Very small but very good! Many beers and other drinks to choose from.
Great food and a good place to unwind, there is a pool table thats usually not being used but there is only one. Other than that they have incredible drinks, music, shows, and are really reasonably priced. Don't forget to grab a bite either, their food is surprisingly good.
This dive bar is awesome! I loved that there are 30 beers on tap to choose from and many more bottled. Any bar that carried lambic is a bar for me! The food was delicious and affordable. Everyone in my party enjoyed the food they ordered.
They've got live music every night. Great food and beer to choose from. 
Definitely must try out the Yucca Burger.
Was recently visiting family and my brother found this cool little bar! I can't discuss it's location because, frankly, I don't know my way around. But the inside was cool, slightly divey, but still nice and relaxed.

It was a Saturday night so the beats were bumpin'!! The DJ was a bit loud, but service was good. And the rock band on the other side was pretty killer too!! I like the split between the bars to allow a little bit of diversity but sound proofing between the two sides. My only complaint? Bathroom cleanliness could have been a bit better.

Overall, great experience! Enjoyed it, would recommend it, WILL RETURN next time I'm in town!!
I stand corrected....they do have quite a few beers on tap and a nice digital menu board, however, I was just sitting at the bar in the little section where the bands play, and a bartender literally threw a glass at the bar where patrons were crowded around, breaking it on the edge of the bar and sticking a customer with a shard of glass.  I will not return.  at the barest minimum he didn't charge us for our drinks after that.  free alcohol is one way to avoid a lawsuit.
The only thing that made this worth while was seeing Pulley perform, other then that its nothing to gloat about.
I've been going to the Yucca since I moved to AZ in 2007. In fact, it's the very first bar I ever went to when I first moved to Tempe!  They have great prices, good drinks, friendly staff and awesome live local bands.  There are two bars here, and each is really different.  One side is your classic "dive bar", and the other side is a little more upscale with micro brews and other fine spirits.  The food is also very good and they have great hot wings.  On Friday and Saturday nights there are a lot of ASU students there, but there are also locals too so the crowd is always pretty diverse.  This is an awesome place to get out of the heat and put a few back anytime day or night!
Came in late at night while driving through and were surprised that they had delicious food options. Music was loud. Crowd was relatively diverse. Bouncers at the door look intimidating but they were friendly chatting us up about the fact that they had pretty tasty eats for a bar. Our servers were quick and nice even if they may have looked kinda intimidating with their tattoos and shaved heads. An unexpected find for late night eats! Thanks for leading us here Yelp.
I have had intentions to come here for a long time. The reviews have been suspiciously good, and I felt that I needed to know why. But, it isn't all good so I will try provide the lay of the land. 

The good
It's a two room bar that has both room and potential. It's a classic dive that gives a homey feel to regulars. They have a happy hour, but it is not needed due to the very reasonable prices on a normal night. Ex. I ordered a Captain and coke, and the lady asked me if I wanted a tall or a short. I ordered a tall and that was 5 bucks. Now you might ask, how much rum can there be in a $5 cptncoke, and I claim 'enough'. This impressed me so much that I stayed for another one. 

The other part of the bar have craft beers and I need to check that out on my next visit, because there will be a next visit for sure. The bartender lady was nice and clearly the caretaker of the regular day-drinkers. 

The bad
I knew where this place was, and when I parked in the back I wasn't sure I wanted to go in. I didn't know if I wanted to park my car here. The people that roam this plaza is of the seedy type and that is not something I like. But this bar has been around for a long time, and I am sure that the area has changed during that time. I will give it the benefit of the doubt. 

The unknown
I haven't been here late at night. I need to. I want to check out the true clientele of this place, and not just the time-passers. They have bands that play here, I don't know how good they are or how wild it gets. This is another thing I have to figure out.
This place is awesome! One side has a DJ and a pool table with specialty beers you can order by name or number. The other side has a stage and live bands so you are just a door away from choosing which kind of atmosphere you would like. A mixed crowd of people but everyone for the most part seem to enjoy themselves. In the few times I have been there I have not seen any incidents there.The place has character for sure and drinks are reasonable. Well worth the look. My only gripe is the bathroom is single toilet and not so nice but I still give it 5 stars because everything else is so good.
Great local Tempe bar and venue! The Yucca is a few steps above a dive, with a great beer and liquor selection, and fair prices. Great place to start or end your night, or to catch a gig. Also, lots of craft beers on tap in the east room, great place to try new brews if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg at World of Beers on Mill.
I'm not in AZ very often, but when I am - this is THE place to meet friends and family (leave the kids at home)! Try one of the local brews after you've had your fill of PBR!  Yucca has it all - good music, good food, good prices, good location and best of all - sans a cover charge!  I'll be back when I'm back in town!
The food is very good! Service can be terrible. Like trying to eat or drink at a record store. Stop talking to the regulars, earn some tips and money for your owner.
This bar is my guilty pleasure; without feeling so guilty. To summarize, I have a connection to this bar as Jerry Sienfield had a connection to his coffee shop. Not a fancy place but it works.
 Now for newcomers, this place offers great bands almost everyday of the week.
-onThursdays they have a small weekly event of painting and rap shows called blunt club; ten years and running. 
-On Mondays they have small games where you can win beer gift cards for 20-50$! This place has pool tables and in the next room they have bands playing. The days range from punks to "hipsters" to rockers, rappers, no yuppies, older crowd to younger crowds; this bar has rare sightings of your typical ASU student. 
I enjoy meeting some weird people here and it gets to be quite weird at times! All in all 
It's just an easy place to get comfortable...
Music atmosphere was cool I'll give them that. Definitely not a very friendly place though. I go in late to watch a friend of my play a show and felt like I could have been stabbed anytime. You feel like an outsider if you don't go every night. The staff wasn't very professional and let random customers step behind the bar to do what they wish. Random music being playing in the off room by a loud DJ with no one dancing or even in the bar with Harry Potter movies being played on all the TVs. What kind of place is this? If they didn't have decent live music, I wouldn't see any women feeling convertible in here.
Plain and simple this place kicks butt! Great food and great music with a fun staff. This is a staple in this community!
I like Failtes. It's smaller than the other pubs in the area and unlike the other university student filled pubs on the King St. strip this pub tends to attract the locals. It has a small courtyard in the back and the staff are really friendly.  Tuesdays and Wednesdays there's live music.

They also have specials on food and beer most nights:

Tuesday - Half Price Wings
Wednesday - $3.00 shots or bottles of Keiths $3.50 burgers
Friday - Buy one get one free fish dinner (4-6pm) & Two pints of Irish Beer for $10.00 (Guiness, Harp, Kilkenny)
Sunday - $2.49 Caesars & Domestic Pitcher & 2lbs wings for $20.00
Failtes is part of the Molly Blooms Chain (I think they're up to 8 pubs now).

They use to have quiz night, but I guess they weren't getting enough of a turn out? If it's something you're really into, call them though, I'm sure they'll bring it back at some point.

In my opinion, this cute little house turned pub is a great place to put a couple back.
We went on a fairly slow Tuesday night, early-ish, for half-price wings and a couple of pints. The waiter was friendly when he was actually around, but after taking our order for wings he disappeared and served the patio crowd, despite the fact that we were the only sit-down table in the pub. We didn't see him again until well into our time there; I had to go up to the bar and ask for blue cheese dip and celery/carrots to go with our wings.

Failtes is also known as being a very authentic Irish pub with a great atmosphere, but the music piped into the place was awful. Nickelback and something that sounded like heavy metal. At one point it seemed to switch onto some loud spoken-word Dave Chapelle comedy bit, replete with gross language ("you m------f---- b----! f--- you, n-----!") that went on forever. Who wants to hear that in a pub? 

The wings themselves were pretty good; nothing to write home about and certainly not on par with any wings chain in town. The veggies were limp, a bit spongy and cut very thin, while the blue cheese dip had no actual cheese in it and tasted like bottled salad dressing. The real kicker? Despite the dip and veggie sticks being on the menu as included with all wing orders, we were charged $2 for them on the bill. When I asked a staff member why we were charged for something that was to be "served with" the wings, according to the menu, he said that since it was half-price wings night they charge for it as an extra. This little "extra" wasn't mentioned anywhere on the menu or on any wings-related signage in the pub. What a gouge! 

I hope my $2 was worth it - after that experience I won't be back, nor will my husband or any of the people I've told about it.
This is a great spot for pub food and good beers! 
Live music is often accompanying the night and the ambience is really cool. 
Lots of locals, not too many students..
It is a bit small but this is helping to create a warm atmosphere too!
I like Failte in uptown Waterloo!
Wow, nobody has reviewed this place yet? So this was the former Mamacita's Cantina and a few other names before that, but it's still the old Dos Gringos to anyone who's lived here for a while.

All I have to say is the place is a total dump, but Thursdays are 50 cent beer day (they use Coors for the special). They're not huge serving sizes,  8 ounce cups I think, but 5 or 6 bucks should do you pretty good.
I would first like to comment on my general experiences at Barney's. I essentially live at ASU spending nearly my last four years chained to my studies. The location of Barney's seemingly changes once a semester from Dos Gringos to Mamacitas and now in its current iteration, Barney's Boathouse.

The daily specials bring hoards of students in with 50cent draft days and a spinning wheel of alcoholic death. I've had both burgers and their famous chicken wings and both remain on par with typical bar fare quality with spectacularity available on in the social scene.

The location sits just one crosswalk North of my day to day location so it represents a great opportunity to break from the keyboard and sit down for a good cheap drink and a decently affordable lunch. For the past 4 months, I have been a continuously loyal customer with the incredible service and again amazing drink specials.

The biggest deterrent to the business really beginning to set a seed of a quality establishment is their slightly maniacal owner. Turnover exists at too great a frequency. While noone considers bartending as a career settling endeavor, a once a week staff change disallows a genuine pub atmosphere to begin developing. I have become close to different waitstaff yet they disappear the following week.

From what I understand, the ownership cares nothing about the customers and treats employees with harsh reprimands over every little mistake. Nickel and dimeing represent the managerial personal rather than customer service.

Recanting, I do enjoy Barney's and the down south theme of the restaurant, but I can only hope the owner realizes the compulsory path that may lead to a failed business model. The customers are what pay the bills and happy customers lead to a loyal following.
Deals are the same here as anywhere else.  What matters is the service.  And I can say for the table waitressing that they are pretty attentive.  But when it comes time to actually park your vehicle before entering Barney's you are going to have a hard time- mostly because the lot between Barney's and Pita Pit is undefined.  Parking in the back lot risks your car being towed and then neither owner of either establishment claiming responsibility for it.  I was the vicitim of a shady property/tow agreement and Barney's, despite my patronage, made no effort to reconcile the situation.  Beware that parking in their back lot is at extreme owner risk and that no support even with a reasonable argument will be given to the patron.
Blech, blech, and more blech.  Actually, I'll take one 'blech' back because the drinks are pretty decent here.  That's about it.  If you're planning on getting food, I'd recommend the REALLY huge onion rings or the alligator appetizer.  Otherwise, steer clear of the food.  

You might also want to steer clear of the bathroom because at least on the girl's side, the place was like a scene out of a horror movie...or a bar where one too many people have probably thrown up.  The waitress we had was nice, but the guy who greeted us at the door appeared to be drunk.  I wasn't even sure if he worked there.  The place is packed with ASU undergrads, as it's located right across the street from campus, and some other random people (like the guy who greeted us at the door).  My other complaint is that parking sucks, so if you're planning on going to Barney's, you might want to walk.  

Overall, IF I were to return here, I'd probably only go for drinks...or after I'd already had a few and didn't know any better.
I was saddened to find that the Dos Gringos trailer park was gone, not that it was anything special but it was a Tempe staple. Barneys seemed like it was thrown together in a day as far as decor goes. None of the tables or chairs match, the signs are painted by what looks like a 4th grade class and the main attraction is a spin wheel that too looks like it was found in a junkyard. The food wasn't very good, in fact my girl found an eyelash in her fish tacos which were deep fried and mostly tasteless. I ordered the sliders for some reason and they were about as thin as a sheet of paper and had even less taste. We got a few buckets of Coors for 10$ each which was acceptable. I wouldn't make a point to stop here again. The service seemed to be ok. Oh yeah, parking is in back where the trailer park used to be just fyi.
Their specials menu is extremely misleading -- I went there on a Wednesday, and according to the menu you get "50 cent drafts with any entree."  So I ordered an entree and asked what they had on draft.  Apparently that wasn't specific enough, because my beers were $5 a pop.  The waitress played dumb, and when I spoke to a manager he treated me like an idiot for not asking for the "draft specials" rather than the drafts.  That language is nowhere on the menu.  He told me if I didn't want to pay that much, "we were going to have a problem."  He didn't even offer any sort of discount or anything, claiming that "he didn't write the menu."  I paid and left, and I'll never go back, simply because they're purposefully misleading and expect their drunk customers not to ask questions at the end of the night. 

Also, the stalls in the women's restroom have no locks.  Charging five bucks for a plastic cup of beer, they should be able to afford to get that fixed.
Four stars for Thursday night only.  I have never been otherwise.  I have never had their food... unless you count tasting their pizza after copious amounts of 50 cent beer.  Yes, 50 cent beer.  Minimum order of three glasses.  This is why I go.  Don't judge.

Although, after drinking 50 cent beer all night (intermixed with shots, of course) you might do things you'll later regret (and by regret I mean think back on longingly when you're old, settled and married) .  I'm just saying, you will get drunk, you will end up bar hoping around Mill, and then you might end up in the arms of some hot British soldier in town for training... or maybe that's only me.  Either way, if you like being able to get pissed (using the British term for drunk seems only appropriate here) on less than 5 dollars, Barney's Thursday nights are for you.  Hey, I thought I said no judging.
The food is crap.  I'm not trying to be mean, but it really is horrible.  I'd rather eat one of those Tornado things from Circle K for dinner.  Also, I don't appreciate the waitress telling me everything is great when everything is absolutely not great.  What kind of disgusting excuse for food must she live off of if the nachos get her stamp of approval?  They were probably the worst nachos I've ever had.  Taco Bell's nachos are like manna from heaven compared to the sad mess Barney's serves.  She should have just been honest and told me to order fries a la carte, because that was the only thing my friend and I enjoyed.

We ended up just going back to her place and lying on the floor for a while because our stomachs were so upset. 

Only drink at Barney's.  If you eat, stick to fries.  The pizza is a safe bet too.  Whatever you do, don't order the nachos, onion rings, or the grilled chicken wrap.  Hell, just go on Thursday and drink until it all tastes good.  Problem solved.

Obviously, Thursday night gets to keep the four star rating.  I can't help it.  I will never get too old for Barney's Thursday nights.  Well, I probably will eventually, but not today.  Not today.
The only reason I'm giving this place three stars is because this place WAS awesome! The food is still good but the service has gone way down hill! This place used to be an awesome place to come day drink but now, not so much. What happened?! I want the old Barney's back, the place I came to and Chris (Barney) was always here to say what's up.
This place did nothing for me.  Concept sucks, building is old.  Specials are like everywhere else.  Only bright spot is that have a good outside area in Univ Ave.
I've been to Barney's a couple of times and really I'm not sure why. The food is really not very good. Less than mediocre if I'm being honest. The drinks are meh and the service is terrible when they get a little bit busy. This place is a classic example of a business not being able to fail, no matter how hard they try, if they serve booze on a major college campus. Seriously, if you're anywhere near this place walk the extra 100 yards to someplace better, you'll be grateful you did.
Not impressed. I was there one evening on a weekday with some friends. Service was slow despite the fact that the place was empty. I went to the ladies room to find a gentleman plunging the toilet; he suggested that if I needed to use the bathroom I was allowed to go out back and pee. Hmmm, no thanks. I'd prefer a bar that doesn't allow patrons to urinate behind the building.
The place is closed for good. Health code violations up the ying yang.
Blue Dog's is near the NE corner of Trop and Pecos. They underwent a massive renovation several months ago and the inside is quite nice and very clean. Like most bars, they've got gaming machines at the bar, but they've also got pool, darts and the frat boy's favorite, Golden Tee. There's a nice lounge area that might be nice at night. We went during the day and there wasn't much going on. Their happy hour runs 2-6pm and that made our draft beers $2.50 each. Charlotte the bar tender was very friendly.
Blue Dogs is a great place to unwind at night. It is quiet, clean, cheap, and good on beer selection for a neighborhood bar. The space inside is surprisingly clean for a "dive" bar type of feel. I love the booths. Food is very good, considering that the prices are extremely cheap. Drinks are also amazingly inexpensive, and there are happy hours available. Beer, fries, and chicken tenders are good. Darts and pool and some other games are present. It is usually not crowded, and pretty empty, which is always a big plus for me, as I hate crowds. Let me drink, talk, eat and play in peace! Great bartenders, too!
I was meeting a friend at Geri's Old Philadelphia (next door) and had a 1/2 hour to kill since I got there early....so, I wandered in this joint to have a couple of Beers while I burned some time.

The place is really, really dark.  It took my eyes a few minutes to adjust to the darkness.  After I got my bearings, I saddled up to the bar and asked the bartender what they had on tap.  He said they had no domestics on tap and mumbled off a short list....all I remember hearing was Alaskan Ale, so I said let's go for that.  Wait, isn't that domestic?  Ha, ok....

He brought me a pint and I sat back and watched Sports Center while a handful of guys played Video Poker at the bar.  They serve food here as I saw a patron get a Burger & Fries.....the weird thing is that they allow smoking at the Bar...hmmm, you're not suppose to be able to eat and smoke in the same place.  They must not care about getting fined.  Whatever....the place smells like a smoker's den, so I guess it attracts smokers.  I don't think the regulars care.

The bartender was friendly but quiet....not much of a talker.

I had my 2 Beers and left to meet my buddy for lunch @ Geri's.

Will I return?  Probably not...this was a one-hitter quitter, not really my style of bar.
We looked up on Yelp for some bar food that was close to our home.  We have seen Blue Dogs Pub many times going up and down Pecos.  So we thought, why not?  We walked in and we're greeted very friendly by the bartender named Pam, we asked about the happy hour and for a menu, we were starving!  

The menu was exactly what we wanted.  The food, well let's just say, was incredible!  We ordered the ribs, which came with, half rack, cole slaw (actually the best cole slaw I have ever had) and roasted corn on the cob.  It was so good that my husband ordered a second meal!  Now for the best part,  it was only $5.00!  Wow!  I am looking forward to going back and to have my husband order the 1/2 pound hamburger which is only $5.00 as well.  

To sum it up, great great food, cold beer and awesome service, now that's a place that we will go to often!  When
 you go, definitely ask for Pam, she'll take great care of you!  Now I'm getting hungry...
Great food, good drinks and service was amazing.   The bar is a little smoky, but most bars in Las Vegas are.
When in doubt of what to do for the night, we usually head to Dogs. This has been our local haunt for years and will probably remain so for years to come. Pam is the best and if you order food, get the chicken tenders with the special sauce!
Very clean pub, the friendliest crew I've see in a long time !! The best chicken strips and garlic fries !! Must try !!
This is a somewhat dive-y place, but it's clean. There's video poker. There's beer on ice with the labels peeling off. There's some cheap, ok food. There's some TVs. It's cash only. The bartenders are friendly and will always remember your name. There's also pool and darts too. And bonus, it's never crowded. So yeah, it's a nice, relatively quiet place to grab a beer and a cheap bite to eat. I dig it.
OMG. This is the Palo Verde lounge but clean!! I came here tonight and the gin and tonics were only $2.50 each and it's a Friday night!! They also have bar food which is decent ( we got the french fries,served with ketchup and mayonnaise). There's also a veggie burger. I didn't try it but I will the next time I come. When I first walked up they were playing Alanis Morissette. Nothing but 90s throughout the night. I also met a nice dog named Molly which should be the mascot for the bar.The only complaint I have is that there is only one stall in the ladies room. There needs to be at least 2 people come on.. I also just want to point out that they had bubblegum vodka. BUBBLEGUM. Enough said. The service was great and there so many seating options. I moved three times because I wanted to take advantage of every seat. There's no stupid college kids in town so it was really enjoyable. There's also Modern World next door so if you meet some guy for a one night stand, you can gear up next door to make sure it's a pleasurable night. The bar is DIRECTLY across the street from the lightrail so there's no excuse for you not to go.. Go now...What are you waiting for???
Why am I on Apache, enjoying a G&T, petting a bulldog, listening to Tori Amos and watching people trying to be nonchalant while they wait for the light rail?

I am enjoying the shit outta Tempe Tavern, that is what I am doin!

From the iconic sign on the side of the building, to the beautifully designed patio with rusted steel components, an actual Palo Verde tree planted inside the stone grounds with actually enjoyable to sit at high tables, the first impression is casual but surprisingly classy.

My friends were already cozied up along with 20 other people laughing and enjoying themselves in the front patio, and the security guy was extremely nice and told me there was even a patio in the front when I entered. I ordered my delicious and strong $2.50 G&T from Casey, a fantastic bartender. When back at the table, other people were laughing on the benches around us and we got to play with Molly, the rescued 80 pound bull dog and throw her crushed ice. 

When my 3rd G&T drained and singing along to all my high school 90s songs, I decided to try the food. I went for $4 fries with side of mayo and they were amazing- hand cut, def probz not veggie but my god. We had to order another round of fries (which I did with the bartender but you could opt for table service as well). They had veggie options for only $7 bucks.  Their other drink specials included 90 Shilling in the bottle for $2 bucks. 

The single stall womens bathroom was IMMACULATE. Let me stress this next statement: IT SMELLED AMAZING. Like a clean, fresh, vanilla scent with modern fixtures and a nice expensive metal trash can (when you have a snooping trash eating dog you notice these things, ok?).

A live band was playing to a packed back room and they were actually enjoyable- but you can still enjoy the throwback on the front patio.

The security guards were really diligent about any potential issues with passer-bys and the people watching was premium. The crowd was a true mix, actually diverse with an age range, genre bending, and everyone was relaxed and enjoying themselves.

I can't believe they have coffee??? I may have to come back in the morning just to get a cup o joe with the latest Barely Legal to relax on the patio before boarding the light rail!
For many months I watched and waited as Tempe Tavern came to be.  I wanted a good local watering hole that wasn't a sports bar or one of those Mill Ave joints that turns into a dance club at 10pm.  Tempe Tavern is neither.  It's a classic local watering hole.  The beer selection is impressive for a place it's size and they offer a good menu.  They serve some of the best hot wings I've had since moving to metro Phoenix.  Service is friendly and the beer is cheap.  On top of it all this is the only place I know of around here that serves Schlitz.  When you sit at the bar make sure to try the hot 'n' spicy peanuts in the carafe's.  

The place has never been too crowded either but I've heard they do have some busy shifts.  I assume these are Friday and Saturday nights.  I typically hit up Tempe Tavern on Sunday or Monday.

My only complaint is petty: there's not jukebox.  Maybe that will come along with time.   They do pump in music from somewhere.  Mostly alternative stuff.

There's a little stage for bands to perform and I have hopes of checking out some of the local music soon.

Tempe Tavern is a fantastic place.  If you're looking for a neighborhood bar and want to get away from the college kid hell that is Mill Ave then this is the place for you.  The crowd is still mostly college age but it's not the same cast of Jersey Shore casting call rejects that haunt Mill Ave.
I got wasted, man, and I was well under my allotted budget for alcohol for the evening.  The drinks are made stiff and they're inexpensive so if you're looking to tie one on, this is really the place you should be going to.

Usually, when I'm tying one on at a bar and I find out that a band is going to start playing, that's like a death-sentence for my evening.  The band will play terrible music so loud that any attempt at conversation will be futile and we'll have to lean in and scream in each other's ears.  "WHAT?!" "I SAID I HAVE TO TAKE A SHIT!" "WHAT?!"  While we were here, a band played inside and, sitting outside, we could still hear the radio music piped out through the speakers.  It was perfect.  The band played and I still hung out and shot the shit with my buds.  I went inside for a bit and the band wasn't bad, either.  

This place, compared to other dives, is a class ACT.  There were no penises scrawled into the wall ejaculating onto a mangled vagina.  As much as I love my juvenile coital scribbles, it's kind of nice to drink without having a veiny cock penned somewhere within my field of vision.

Aaaand everyone was really nice here.  No one treated me like a dick.  I paid my tab and jumped onto the lightrail which is approximately fifty feet away.
Its awesome.  For so many reasons. Below is my attempt to adequately detail all these reasons...

There is tons of parking which doesn't totally matter to me because I can walk here and stumble home.  Its also right next to the Apache/McClintock lightrail station... and this is why Tempe Tavern is the start of my birthday lightrail pub crawl! Perfection.  

There is outside seating... in a particularly good locale for people watching.  The inside seating is really perfect too.  There is ample amounts for one thing and the entire place is just really comfortable. Makes you want to stay and hang out.  There is a stage... so apparently there must be music sometimes.  There is also a random and empty phone booth.  Rad. Not to mention the bathroom (only one stall but o well) was very clean.  

The bar itself is smack dab in the center of the place and has seating on THREE sides... it makes the bar itself feel like the most important part of the place rather than just a counter shoved against a wall... like most bars.  The bartender that night was wonderful. Really friendly and talkative (not in an annoying way at all) and suggested drinks/made up drinks for us... always something I love at bars.  

Drinks are crazy cheap.  2.50 wells I believe. This wasn't happy hour.  This is considered normal at Tempe Tavern.  They also have these really spicy hot peanuts out as bar food... pretty good.. especially with my cold cheap bottle of Stella

*I feel weird giving only four stars but I wish this place had a pool table or two*  central Tempe needs more places to play cheap pool and this place totally has the vibe for it.
I heard heard HORRIBLE things about this place. I had head drinks were watered down, over priced and you got service with an attitude and the door guys were dicks, and that everything felt dirty there. AND YET.. i still went to see for myself.
They seem to have all male bartenders all the time, who kinda know what they are doing..waitresses on the other hand seem unfriendly and lay. I was actually asked to take a tray of drinks outside to my table cause the waitress had had a long day and was tired... no joke
 Either way- things did seem a little high priced.. like i asked for 5 of the cheapest shots and that totalled 29 bucks?.... 
I do like it tho- cute boys- dark inside.. ill be back
I went here on a Saturday night for the first time and had a blast.  The bar was moderately crowded and there was a live band playing.  There was an interesting mix of people and our server was very friendly.  The building is one a kind in Tempe and the menus have the story behind it.  The interior is new inside and the outdoor seating is nice as well.  I will be back as this place is fun, clean, reasonably priced, and in a great location.
Dive bar...I think not.

Bar that people have tended to forget...I think so.

20 years ago, this was the midpoint between my residence and ASU.  Back in the day, the drinks were strong, the food was from the restaurant on the corner or across the street at Arco.

Today, I walked in hoping to find football, food and beer.  I found a bartender and 2 other patrons.  11:15 AM, games are already on...and there are several posters touting cheap beer during games.  I ordered a PBR and asked about ordering food only to be told that the cook has not yet arrived nor called in.  

11:30 AM, I have finished my first beer and asked for a second.  Still no word about a cook.  

11:45 AM, I have finished my second beer and I am ready to pick up and go when someone breezes through the front door and announces they have arrived.  Looking quizically at the bartender, he says she's the cook.  She proceeds to take her coffee behind the bar, fix it with cream and sugar and chat with the bartender for a few minutes...then she's off to the kitchen where I presume she is getting everything turned on.

12 PM...the bartender returns and asks me if I need another beer.  Another $2 PBR is set in front of me.  The cook comes out and asks what I would like to order.  I let her know I want a pound of wings, as hot as she can make them.  She asks if I want the wings grilled and I reply that I don't care how they are cooked, as long as they are physically hot and spicy when they are put in front of me.

12:15 PM...I've polished off the latest PBR and wings have not been put in front of me.  I ask for another PBR and state that if the wings are not done before I am done with the beer, I am going to head out.  

12:24 PM...I am presented with wings.  I take a taste and ask for tabasco.  The cook asks if they are not spicy enough, and I reply that if they were, why would I ask for tabasco?  She scuttles back to the kitchen.

I've been careful to pay for each round and the wings when they are presented.  I've also been careful to tip exactly 10%, as this is not the service I would want and certainly not what I remember.

You want football, wings and beer?  You can do better than this.
After reading several glowing reviews on this site, I decided to sate my curiosity and check out this hidden gem.  

It's located on the northeast corner of McClintock and Apache, wedged between a gas station and an adult book store.  There is substantial parking in the back.  As of this writing, you can't reach the rear parking lot from McClintock, so you're best bet is to head west on Apache and use the parking lot entrance.  If you're going at night, be careful entering as the driveway is somewhat narrow.

The building is quite quaint and fun to admire.  The back page of their folded, paper menu tells the brief history of the architecture.  The bar is somewhat small and seats probably about 20 people.  There are numerous tables throughout and seating outside.  If you came to watch TV at the bar, there are few TVs that have a clear line of sight.  I usually sit at the south side of the bar and the TV over the bar is obscured by the keg draft handles.

Ambiance and location aside, the real reason to come here is for the drinks and food.  The food is ultra cheap and the drinks doubly so.  As of this writing, they have $2 specials on draft Coors and 1810 (Genesee Cream Ale).  If you're so inclined, they have PBR in the can for $2.  As of yesterday, the bartender (Cory) informed me that they have a happy hour, between 5PM and 8PM -- two for one well drinks and domestic drafts.

I've tried several things on their menu.  I'm not crazy about their wings; they're just not spicy enough.  They have some deep-fried jalapenos that they call "bottlecaps".  They give you a huge portion and they are pretty spicy, so keep that beer handy.  Their nachos are OK, especially considering the price of $4.  Their chicken strips are pretty good.  They do have some amazing hot dogs with lots of toppings.  I believe the most expensive item on their menu is $8.  Most items are somewhere around $6.  Keep in mind that they don't have the hot pretzel basket, even though it is listed on their menu and web-site.

The action picks up at night and the place can get crowded.  In the afternoons, the place is a cemetery...which is perfect if you're just looking to have a few drinks and some cheap food without any fuss.

Service-wise, I have no complaints.  I've rarely had to wait for a drink and the food comes out fast.  I had chicken strips earlier this week and they were so hot that I had to wait ten minutes to eat them.

Sometimes, they can get busy at unexpected times and you might have to wait a bit longer (especially if you're at a table), but that's to be expected.

Overall, I enjoy Tempe Tavern and have recommended it to several friends.  I think it's a great value and a cool setting.
Nice little chill place! Went for an art showing, so that's pretty awesome. Happened to be 2 for 1 night, double awesome!  With tip, I got 4 beers for $8!  Tempe Tavern, our future looks bright!
pretty cool dive...good drinks,food and if the mood strikes a BJ next door at the bookstore...
Cool Tempe "dive" bar.

Good sound for a band, very cool decor.

My only complaint would be our waitress. She brought us the wrong drinks twice, from then on it was straight to the bar.
I love hole in the wall bars, and Tempe Tavern is a decent place.  Service is slow, but they have some pretty good drink specials.  There are lots of TVs if you want to watch a game.  I tried the Honey BBQ wings and ordered them grilled.  They were sticky and oh so good.  The menu is a typical bar menu.  

I left happy, but wasn't like, "OMG I can't wait to come back here".  I don't know what it was.  I'll try anything twice though so maybe if I do ever go again, I will like it more.
Surprised to discover this little gem with my buddy.  And loooong happy hour on Tuesday nights so that's great!  Love the Rogue Hazelnut Brown ale and the two for one "1810" cream ale is the bomb. Marsha was awesome and very helpful suggesting all the best drinks.  Love it
I like the place, in general. Very low-key, hole-in-the-wall-type place. When I went there was a cool art exhibit, but I gotta say...... the wait staff is horrible! The waitress acted like everything was on her time despite the fact that the bar was mostly empty. Ans who was she so busy gabbing with to bring our drinks? Why, the bartender of course. And even if we went to the bar to order, we had to wait just as long to get our next drink.
On a plus side, there's a sweet phone booth inside that's perfect for changing into your superhero outfit and round housing the bar staff.
Good little bar with Rogue - one of my favorite beers - on tap. Good bar food too. Check out the weekday specials and bring a friend because there's always a 2 for 1 special.
Beers seemed to be a little higher priced than this lizard is used too. They do a have a pretty good tap. Lots of craft beers. Bit of a rocker bar. They we're blasting foo fighters. Nothing against foo and those that fight it but this is a bit of a sign. Also got the stare down from the regulars when I walked in. It's like they've never seen a 50 million year old lizard of death before.
Great little dive bar.  Food is pretty decent for bar food. Fun place to hang out while waiting for the light rail.
I went here on Monday with a couple friends to use a deal I had bought. I thought this bar was just ok. When we entered we noticed it was really warm in the bar, like warmer than it was outside...which is pretty bad considering we live in Phoenix....We had a decent amount of money to spend, so we got a lot of food. The waitress (and bartender) was nice enough, but seemed a little upset that we were using a deal. Also, it was kind of strange because while we were there she spilled something on herself so her solution was to take her shirt off and walk around in her bra....and she kept talking about how naked she felt....it was pretty awkward. We tried: The hot chick, fried zuc, chicken fingers and fries, cheese crisp, and a grilled cheese. It was a lot of fried food. Anyway, the hot chick was recommended by the waitress, but in all of our opinions, it was straight up bad.... it had a really weird flavor that I can't explain. Also, I asked for mine with mayo on the side, but it was slathered all over it. All of the food was pretty meh, nothing special, especially considering they claim to use a lot of fresh and local ingredients. The cheese crisp was probably the best item of the night. I probably would not come back here to eat, but I might come back to drink! They had a lot of beers and their happy hour specials looked good.
Tempe Tavern is by far my favorite bar in Tempe.  The staff is phenomenal the owner hilarious and the specials blow any competition out of the water on monday/tuesday.  

You like Burgers?  They got buy one get one's on monday.  Are they all half a pound and placed delicately on a locally baked bun?  You bet your sweet ass they are. Happy Hour on Tuesday lasts from 4 p.m. till midnight.  Any other day it's 4-7.  

Let's discuss music.  There's never a cover and it's always diverse.  

If you like football.  Sunday ticket should suffice.  All you have to do is ask and you can get whatever game you fancy on one of the numerous tvs.  They have everything.

To conclude this dive is fantastic.  If you find a problem it more than likely is you.  If you feel like complaining the owner is almost always there.  The staff is top knotch the burgers superb.  I go there almost everyday.  And don't see anything wrong with that.
they just got Snow Day New Belgium on tap for the Season.  are you kidding me?
This bar has 3 faces. Each very different.
The first is that of any bar, tvs, bar games and dim lights.
The second is of a hole in the wall bar with a stage. 
The third is a nice patio facing a park. 
One of the nice things here is they do have a few craft brews on tap, however this is not enough to hide the fact that this place is in the dive bar category.
Dim, gritty dive bar that ain't half bad for getting sloshed and catching a small live act. The space feels cramped, sandwiched between a difficult parking lot and the light rail. The back patio is oh-so tiny, with patrons crammed like sardines to have a smoke or take a break from loud music. PROTIP: There's seating out front. 

This tavern has an impressive beer selection...but it's all canned! Canned!? They seem to recycle them all which is super cool. On the negative, paying $4 a pop really justifies bottles of local brews like SanTan. 

So it's a decent little venue. It has a decent beer selection. The rockabilly atmosphere will make you feel cool. So while it doesn't exceed in acoustics or value, I wouldn't mind coming back to shotgun a cold one.
Great place to stop for a cold one after a hard day at the office
My expectation for a dive bar:
1) cheap drinks
2) those drinks staying full
3)people watching.

Tempe Tavern fits the bill.  I like the patio out front.  The bathroom is neato.  I never have trouble ordering another drink from the bar.

I have simple needs.  Tempe Tavern meets them.
As I sat and made small talk with a blonde waitress, the bartender took her order. He proceeded to make what I believe was a martini, a dirty martini. I only say a dirty  martini as I nerver had one but since he was adding olive juice by holding his bare hand over the olive  and fruit tray (BARE) just nasty.
Juice pouring through his fingers like an added boost of flavor.

Then I ordered a shot, and it was double the price of one in a  downtown Chicago night club. Makers Mark. A double in one  shot glass wtf. 

Waitress was rude, and I mean nasty. So  nasty I wrote as a tip, learn to be less rude.
This place is a dive. Or in better terms a dark Dungeness shit hole with bitter servers and bands that can't even play the wedding circuit. 

I swear the stench of drunk nasty is still on me from sitting on the stools. 

If you plan on going here, slam your  in a discount cab door first. Its as much fun and three times cheaper.
By the way this was my second time here. I always go twice
I wanted to try out a new place when meeting up with friends and my choice became this oddly located place. This night they had an open mic night and anyone and everyone is welcome to take the mic - I find this pretty cool. As I wouldn't necessarily go here if I was a talent scout, I sure would if I wanted to show off my awesome banjo talent for peers and perhaps get a beer out of it. 

The prices are right. The service is right. The atmosphere is friendly (to my surprise, I expected a more institutionalized mentality where the grace only fall on the locals but I was wrong) and welcoming, both from patrons as from the staff.

There isn't much to this place - but I can't find one thing that I disliked with it. Well, the only thing (and I doubt this is a common sight) was that when I came in there was 5-6 kids under the age of 10 in there. I have no idea why they were there, nor did they stay.. but the patrons treated them with respect and they didn't bother anyone in return. As I said, if this is common I wouldn't like it, but if it's not - I couldn't care less.
I'd love it if the a/c was on. Great bar. What's up with a 100o day and no a/c. We Would've stayed and spent more & had food, but too hot. Bummer. Not cool.
The Bar is OK..the food looks better than it taste. I just want to warn anyone who goes to the T. Tavern not to make any jokes or comments about the Adult book store located just east of the establishment. 

I must have struck a nerve or something. I made, what I considered an innocent comment/joke about the bar being right next door to a Porn shop. The snotty, little, freak bartender went berserk !  She really got her panties in a bunch and probably disfigured the ugly-ass tattoo on her butt. She immediately had me escorted out. 

If you go there..Just watch what you say..I know at least one bartender there that has absolutely no sense of humor.. what-so-ever.
Stopped in after Black Sabbath concert. great selection of canned beers the beers were cold and served by a very efficient crew of bartenders. The live music on the night we were there was not usual for the place , I know this because at least 5 of the regulars told me so as I was obviously trying to figure out way there was Old rap music playing that seemed out of place for a bar in Tempe.
Cheese fries!!! Get these for sure. The rest of the food is pretty good too. Friendly service, fun environment. It reminds me of my favorite dive bars from Minneapolis.
Great little dive bar! It has really good bar food. We tried the wings and fries and they were both good. It's a little too loud for my taste but I should have said something. Our waitress was so nice and drop dead gorgeous!
Tempe Tavern is definitely a dive bar, but it also serves way better food than you'd expect from a spot that also serves Mike's Hard Lemonade on tap and looks more like a rock club than a restaurant.

My favorite thing to order there is the grilled cheese sandwich, a really simple sandwich (I get pepperjack cheese instead of American), with a side salad with ranch. The portion is large (the same is true for the fries if you order those), and the food is good - greasy, but good.

I'm a fan of Mike's Hard Lemonade, so I'm thrilled it's on tap here. There are also TVs throughout the bar that make it a great place to watch a game, while live music fans can enjoy concerts every night of the week after 9 p.m.

Tempe Tavern is located right across the street from a light rail stop (and next door to a sex shop.) The cheap prices and laid-back atmosphere make it a good spot for watching a game, or before heading to one on the light rail.
Excellent dive bar. Wide selection of beer - tap and otherwise - and good food, inexpensive.

The bar is open early so an early lunch is possible. It has a friendly staff (especially the female day bartender and the male evening bartender), who actively engage all patrons not just the regulars (even though we've become regulars since discovering the place).

Cleanliness and an open floor plan make this a very inviting place. While I'm not an active fan of sports (unless it's baseball or hockey season), they do promote sports and have many TVs, all tuned to different games, so everyone is covered. Some nights there is live music - sometimes well-organized and other times more-or-less like an open-mic event - in a wide variety of styles.

The smoking areas in the front and back offers comfortable seating, although it is a bit cramped on Friday and Saturday with people trying to smoke and talk.

During non-football season, the bar offers drink specials like two-for-one etc that are pretty spectacular for an evening out. They also offer raffles,with decent packages, not just the usual bar swag items seen in many places, on some days if food is purchased.

This is a bar I frequent and highly recommend - casual, comfortable, and lively.
My nice neighbor hood dive bar. Can always find T there and get lucky! Always great beer on tap and a,good supply of Jameson.
Great milk stout!  Awesome food.  Perfect dive bar environment.  I tried their burger, fried zucchini, and some fries and all were surprisingly good.  Those not in the know may mistake this place for a seedy dive bar, and there are definite elements of that here.  But don't judge a book by its cover.  The Beer is cold, the food is good, and they are also known for their local music scene.
Never want to go back, no matter who's playing. 

First of all the stage is shitty and the room is so small my ears are ringing for what I can tell is gonna last for days.  

Food was poor and overpriced. 

Our waitress was nice but I spent $10 on a double whiskey something and didn't even feel a buzz.  That's saying a lot for the huge lightweight I am, and my drink was at least 24 ounces. 

Lastly there's barely any parking, and we got towed for parking in an adjacent parking spot where the towing sign was almost on the ground so we didn't see it when we first parked there.
this is the perfect dive bar. it's right off the light rail so if you've had too much you don't have to worry about driving. 

the service can be slow, but whenever i go it's with a bunch of friends so we're in no hurry anyway. the food is OK. it can be greasy. but honestly, i don't go there because of the food. it's a great location to hang with friends and have a great time. you never know what's going to happen while you're there. Something out of the ordinary always seems to happen. And it's next to an adult bookstore. what could be better? ;) 

as for parking, park across Apache in the parking structure underneath the apartments. make sure you park in the metro/light rail spaces. it's free.
My new neighborhood bar.  Good beer, food (especially the Burgers), great service & live music.
Yummy!!!! This dive bar is pretty cool! Very low key, good place to go to grab a bite or a beer. I enjoyed their Juan Pablo burger and onion rings. I couldn't believe how delicious the burger was, coming from this dive bar! I didn't expect much and was blown away! It was a 1/2 lb burger with pepper jack cheese, pablano pepper and chipotle mayo. The combination of all that together was awesomeness in my mouth! The onion rings, were not as crispy as I usually like them, but my friend downed them in about 5 seconds, so I think they were pretty tasty to him.

Cheap drinks, good food, laid back atmosphere...... fun place to go to!
Good divey vibe. Good band playing. Shut their kitchen down an hour early, which sucks if you're like me - drunk and in need if food.
Best chicken strips and BBQ sauce around! I was quite impressed! Always the best drink prices around. I love grabbing a $5 Bloody Mary in the evening or on Sundays. And they are dog friendly which is a huge plus in my book! Tempe Tavern is a great neighborhood spot to frequent throughout the week and on the weekends.
Great dive with cheap drinks and next to the light rail.
I was here for literally 3 minutes. Loud, jiving spot right next to the light rail. When we arrived they had a local band playing. There were also a lot of college-aged kids there, which is due to the fact that it's surrounded by apartments meant for university students. Definitely a dive bar, but seemed to have lots of character.
Extremely disappointed. Started off with a wonderful experience with our bartender 'cherie'... Whom introduced us to the honey hot wings, $3 bloody Mary's, $2beermosas and $5 margaritas. Our new waitress Frannie, who was more focused on bar backing than serving, came on the clock and decided to switch up the pour and pricing to $6 bloody Marys. My original bartender was still there and actually backed us and called out the new bartender on shift out and she insisted on fighting us about the pour and pour count. Sorry honey but I've grew up in this industry and I'm not ignorant. Frannie came over with the bottle and just poured alcohol on top of the drink to shut us up/make us happy but it was the principle. I'd been there for 5hrs just watching soccer and making conversation with our bartender and leisurely drinking on the $3 special blood Mary's they do on Saturdays. Sadly I will not be back. I have my thirtieth birthday next week and was planning on bringing a large crowd and making a huge function out of it after Cherie told me to contact the owner but I've got a sour taste in my mouth. Way to flip my my pov in a matter of minutes Frannie. I've never been so insulted by a bartender. Your co worker called you out and you insisted on fighting me and throwing my money back at me bc you didn't want to apologize or claim you were at fault. Smh. Shame on you.
Don't let the outside for you great bar, great food, great ambiance. The chicken wings are to die for, salads are great, burgers are great.
Karlas sports puts the "F" in FUN...its just F'n FUN! the staff is great! and the customers are awesome! lunch specials,happy hour specials,and a good vibe all around...job well done Karla!!!.P/s,im writing this review as i enjoy a cold modelo and some calamari with some friends.