Grade: C

Loud. Cheap. Okay overall.
They have an acoustics problem here.  It's horribly loud in there, and everything feels rushed and crushed together.  I had some vegetarian sandwich, it was mediocre and gave me heartburn supreme.  Blah.  

Also there was an article on MSNBC that revealed that Panera uses additives in their bakery items that cause hyper activity in young children.  

So if you are looking for a place that's crowded, loud, has mediocre food and pocked with spastic, hyper active children who will gnaw on your leg, go here.
Good food but odd that they lost my lunch order. Thanks to those manning the counter who realized I was waiting and filled the order on the spot.
saw a fly dancing on my sandwich when waiting for my order, they don't bother to pay attention anyway since there are quite a lot customers , awful awful place even though i have very good experience with other panera bread
This Panera would have gotten 5 stars a few years ago when I practically lived there the month I was finishing up my grad school portfolio. But those lovely leather armchairs that I so loved so sit with a drink and a pastry are now gone. Lounging around all day is no longer encouraged, it would seem.

That being said, this Panera is still a pretty great one. Quick service, friendly faces, always clean. You really can't go wrong with soup in a bread bowl.
Love the sour dough bread...they make great grilled cheese. The bagels aren't too bad......they will make due until the next time you get to New York. My favorite bagel is a fresh asiago cheese with tons of cream cheese. Yum!  The broccoli cheese soup is also very tasty.  I love that they have cage free eggs and antibac free chicken. I appreciate that they are starting to care more about the products they are serving. The only question I have is this...are the chickens free range? 

This Panera is rather loud and always busy.
Good food
I called to order my lunch, the lady put me on 'hold' or mute for 5 minutes... she was kinda sassy but besides that the people there are really nice and the food is excellent. Not too loud or busy after 1 ish
I came here with my girlfriend for breakfast, I had a bagel with cream cheese and she had a breakfast sandwich and we both got coffee drinks. The food was made  quickly but we had to wait almost ten minutes for our drinks to be made  but the staff was friendly and the food was really good
Come to this location Monday thru Friday between 9am and 11am and it's dead, my favorite time to go.
Just had a supplier bring us lunch today from here...some of the freshest seafood authentic mexican dishes you can get...4 locations throughout the valley...haven't been inside but our supplier says it's just like you were in Mexico..little hole in the wall and people coming in trying to sell you stuff like wallets, buckles and more...will definetly try to dine in some time in the near future...loved it..
Sorry about the length but thought all was pertinent for an accurate review.

GREAT FRESH MEXICAN SEAFOOD!! We got a tip from my husbands coworker to try this place out. We went the same day because we were very excited to try some fresh seafood. It is in a location that could make some get a little uneasy... I will explain.
We walked in & immediately saw that EVERYONE had a large abundance of shrimp on their plates in all different styles. One of the waitresses signaled for us to find a seat. They brought chips & salsa as soon as we sat down. We started off with drinks... my husband had the margarita which was large & tasty, and I had a pina colada which was good. When we looked over the menu we wanted to order everything! They had pictures & it all looked delicious! He ordered a fish plate with rice & salad. It was a large piece of flounder covered with a cream sauce filled with shrimp & octopus... Wow! Very good! I decided on the shrimp salad with avocado. I have this thing with wanting my salads chopped for easier eating & I was happy to see it came chopped!! except the shrimp of course - those were whole, fresh & cooked perfectly. It had what seemed like an endless amount of avocado - impressive! I also got a fish taco a la carte - it was deep fried (all right by me) and then they give you your own squeeze bottles full of sauces to top it off yourself which I thought was ideal. It was all great!
Did I mention our food came out lightening fast? It was only a matter of minutes- less than 5 for sure!

I don't want to sugar coat the atmosphere... there was a guy who came in to get some relief from the hot concrete he apparently called home. There was a nice patron who bought him a beer & maybe some food - didn't stick around long enough to see that- but that patrons brother got up to stop him because he said the restaurant didn't want him there! It caused a minor scene, but the brother did not win... the guy sat drinking his cold beer - that made us feel good to know there were good people willing to step out & do a good deed!! The situation didn't really bother us at all. Then there was a young (young!) boy who came in that was peddling for money & who you could tell was sadly hooked on serious drugs. He did score a small donation before he was asked to leave & did so without incident. My husband wanted to kidnap him & get him some help because he was very young & it was a hard truth to ignore, but we ended up just hoping the best for him. Very sad. Bottom line- those were minor occurrences in a room full of ordinary people.
That is my story about my trip to Restaurant Sinaloa! All in all, we left there saying we can't wait to return!!! This place is about food & if you can overlook the location & some peoples battle with life, it is a must try!
If you're not Hispanic or look Hispanic you might turn some heads going into this place. Speaking or at least understanding Spanish would also be a plus as the menu is mostly in Spanish with a little English to help out the Anglos a bit. 

They have a juke box with Mexican music that was playing very loud , so loud that I was tempted to leave when I first walked in but I'm glad I stayed. 

Very authentic Mexican food and the portions are huge. Service was fast and friendly even after the waitress found out I don't speak Spanish?
ok, the area was a little scary, but I heard the food was good.  Well, it was authentic mexico, and not in a good way.  The service was poor and some of the food came out wrong and they did not care.  The food mosty tasted good...  The place needed a good cleaning as well.  Found much better places to be for this type of food here in Mesa...places where they actually care about the customer!  I think one of the best palces used to be one of these, but sold and cleaned up....I go there...
The food was delicious and I'm from Sinaloa Mexico! I would add more stars but the service was not too good. It does help if you know a bit of Spanish but the menu does come in English. The shrimp ceviche is awesome and one tostada can be shared. The fish filet in garlic sauce is huge and really tasty.
Me and my family go here all the time.  It is authentic Mexican Seafood for sure.  I've had several different items and all are great.  Sometimes the service is a little slow (depends on which waitress you get and how busy they are) but the food makes up for it.  
Don't worry about not speaking english, go enjoy and you won't regret it.
Yes the music is loud and it's always super crowded on Friday and Saturday nights.  If your not from this part of Mesa yes you would think the neighborhood bad but we have never had a problem.
Again the food makes up for it all!
I'm not a fan of sea food, but this place is a must. I call it "the best spot to recover from a hang over", no kidding. This was my 3rd time and I was as pleased as the last 2. 

Try the toritos (peppers filled with shrimp and wrapped in bacon, on a soy-like sauce). Three of those plus a "michelada" (beer with lime juice, clamato and salt) and you'll be better than with an IV. You can also try the shrimp broth, it takes you back from the grave (the booze grave).

The shrimp cocktail is great, with fresh cucumber. Pour some lime juice and ask for ketchup and you'll be thrilled. 

My brother had the shrimp wrapped in bacon, there were pretty good.

The service was pretty good and friendly. Actually I went there with a friend who has several restaurants and restaurant experience and he pointed out that the service was better than average. 

One note. If you're white supremasist, a mexican hater, kkk, confederated, Arpaio lover and so on, this might not be your place. Most of the patrons are hispanic and also all the waitresses. 

I almost forgot it, they play "banda" music which I find hideous but the food worth the music pain, specially if you're hung over.

This is as close as you can get to the real mexican seafood restaurant that could be found in Cancun, Puerto Vallarta, Ixtapa, etc.
I've been to this restaurant numerous times and I strongly recommend it! I love the ceviche and shrimp cocktails, both are absolutely EXCELLENT! If you are looking for a great lunch spot, it's a must!
If you like authentic mexican seafood - than this is the place. The seafood tastes fresh, I haven't had anything I did not like. The food is really good, definitely a place I recommend.

However, the area is questionable - I've never had an issue, but you do get an uneasy feeling. Also, the service is not great, this might be because the place is always so busy - it seems like your waiter/waitress is running all over the place. Definitely be  prepared to wait for a table on the weekends, sometimes for 30 minutes +
Seafood rocked! Good portions, service, and fast delivery. If loud music is not your thing, you won't like this place. I found it fun and mood lifting.
This is one of my favorite Mexican food restaurant, I just love this place. I love their breaded fish tacos combination, it's to die for, I seriously love it. My husband and I almost always get the same thing, it is just delicious. Their Carne ASAda burritos, nachos, enchiladas, and quesadillas are really good too.
The service is horrible!!!! The waitress acted like she didn't care for our business and made the entire experience horrible!! It was like it was a bother to her if we asked for anything! I am normally a really chill person since I used to be a waitress but this was terrible! The food is good but I wouldn't go back just because of the service!!!
You can always tell a good restaurant by the crowds the place draws. And there is always a crowd here all the way until closing time!
If you are looking for a good Mexican sea food restaurant , restaurant Sinaloa is the place to go! Delicious!!!
My mother and I came here for lunch. When we walked in there were only 2 tables  with parties of about 6 or 8 and 2 tables of 2. Seemed like that they had already been served their meal. It took a long time for us to receive our meal. While we were waiting the restaurant filled up. A couple of times we waited quite a while for our iced teas to be refilled. I ordered the Molcajetes. My octopus was charred. I had a bite but it made me gag. However, I did like everything else that was served in the bowl. Just make sure you have something cold to drink because it is very spicy hot. The refried beans were excellent. Not sure if we will come back. Average experience.
This food is straight up taste less, idk what style of seafood this is but it is not very appetizing..food here is boring, i find the plates more amusing to see while eating, and maybe choking since the service here is so slow, it does get busy on the weekends which is understandable but having to be a small restaurant I'am sure they can check up on every cust real quick. the time to cook is ridiculous seeing others arriving later than you and receiving their food a lot sooner is really frustrating to see. Now maybe this attracts the type that grew up to this boring style of seafood, but never again will i ever waste time and money for sea...actually LAKE FOOD

note: oysters here are farm raised not from the ocean...they will admit to that ;)
Awesome Vietnamese place. It was recommended to me by the Vietnamese owner of a gelato shop (random, huh). The pho is really good and the spring rolls are excellent as well. 

Good place to go if you are looking for good, cheap vietnamese food. A bowl of Pho is under $5!
Best Vietnamese restaurant in the area. It's a slightly run-down restaurant in an unassuming strip mall, but the food is fantastic.

The menu ranges from traditional pho to rice or noodle dishes to crustry bread sandwiches. Some hot pot, family-style dishes are also available. I've never had the pho, but my father raves that it's the best soup he's ever had.

My favorite dish is Bun Thit Nuong (#34). It's a bed of fresh lettuce, bean sprouts and rice vermicelli with about 10 oz. of barbequed pork, topped with minced green onions and crushed peanuts. It's served with with Nuoc Cham, a traditional sweet/sour/salty dressing with grated carrots. Cost: $4.75.

I also recommend the roll appetizers. Two dollars will get you two shrimp and pork spring rolls in rice paper, or two fried pork and vegetable egg rolls with all the typical trimmings (wrap the eggroll in lettuce and mint leaves before dipping in the Nuoc Cham).
Being a huge fan of Vietnamese food and how healthy it is I tried this place with a friends recommendation. He had pointed this place out since it had the very same menu as my favorite place Da Vang. Knowing this I thought this place was maybe a family relative or something and might have a very similar food, which should be very good. 

Boy was I wrong! So wrong that I would almost have thought that my friend was playing a horrible joke on me. Had he not been sitting next to me I would have thought that he was not serious about this place. Almost so bad to the point that I had to question our friendship for a brief short period we were sitting there. 

To start, the spring roll. One of the most popular Vietnamese creations that everyone knows. When done right it can cause overloading emotions of happiness and satisfaction. We all know that a good spring roll is a sign of a good beginning to a meal, almost like that first real good kiss you get. 
Well this one is not it, small, skinny and filled with nothing but lost hope and broken dream. Small portions of shrimp and meat, if there was any meat in it at all. Most of all the they even cheaped out on the vermicelli noodles, lettuce and mint. More like the worst kiss you ever got , bad enough to break up over. 

Then the pho, the staple of Vietnamese cuisine, the first thing that anyone thinks about when they hear Vietnamese food. Well upon ordering the food I expected a delicious and heart warming soup. Well the broth was flavorless, I could have made a better one with water and  a bouillon cube. The dish was beautiful though. So simple, and the onions and jalapeno cut thin as they can get it and the cilantro chopped roughly. The taste was just not there. 

The service like any Vietnamese place was lacking. This place was the worst of them all. The server, a kid who spoke no English paying no attention to anyone and not caring at all.  He must have gotten suckered into free labor by his father or someone who equally didn't care about their patrons.

All in all the visual appeal of the pho was amazing in that the small details of the ingredients were executed nicely. The  spring roll was done poorly and you can get a better one from Trader Joe's. The flavors of the food lacking in all aspects, please someone give them some salt and pepper to cook with. Pho in it's greatness can be enjoyed with out all the sriracha or hoison we all love to ruin the natural flavor of the broth with, but this place it is needed to bring the brown water of a broth to life.
After going to and trying many different Vietnamese restaurants, this hands down is my favorite.  Please note that the good stuff is located at the back of the menu under family meals.  Once there, try the Tamarind soup.  It is like nothing you have every tasted and will keep you coming back.
The pho is good but I had one BIG problem. I ordered Spring Rolls and they never brought the peanut sauce. I've never been to a place where peanut sauce did not come with my spring rolls.

Also, the three bean desert was a bit disappointing.

I will agree, the place is authentic, but I guess I'm just spoiled by Pho restaurants in OC (Little Saigon)
chaaayp!  this place is a well kept secret.  we ordered the pho and bun.  as good as anyplace we've eaten and the prices range from $2.00 (for the  banh mi) and $4.75 for a decent sized bowl of pho.

the place is a nice little dive with courteous and cordial staff.  on a saturday afternoon the place was steadily busy.

great find.
On a cold winter day, the craving for hot comfort in a bowl makes a person do strange things. It found me driving to a kind of shady part of Mesa, while braving the cold winds in search of a perfect bowl of phò.

My new holy grail of Vietnamese restaurants is Phú Thành, located in a rundown strip mall on Southern and Extension. A good Vietnamese restaurant is usually kind of old, slightly dingy and super cheap, and in this case all the basics were met and exceeded.

Phú Thành is a no-frills kind of place. Inside it screams for a makeover. Though clearly from another era, it is clean and functional. The service is friendly and the kitchen is fast.

There might be a slight familiarity here the owners of Phú Thành and my favorite central Vietnamese joint Da Vàng are brothers. The menus of the two places are almost identical, and they offer a lot.

The No. 50 Chà Giò ($2) is what good Vietnamese cooking is all about. Two golden-brown, crunchy egg rolls filled with shrimp and pork are hands on and interactive. Served with a plate of lettuce leaves and herbs, you wrap the egg roll in lettuce and garnish with mint and cilantro, then dunk them into the house-made n?òc châm, a sweet and spicy dipping sauce. The fresh lettuce and herbs cut through the richness of the egg roll, which on its own might be slightly oily.

Applying the same hands-on approach, the No. 54 Bánh Xèo ($3.95) replaces the rolls with a pan-fried rice flour crepe. The exterior is slightly crispy, while the soft interior is filled with shrimp and bean sprouts. Of all the Bánh Xèo I've tried, this version is by far my favorite. It's full of flavor and texture.

Phó (pronounced like the bad word) is not only fun to say, but fun to eat. Eight versions of the noodle soup are offered, from traditional beef to chicken. Pay attention to the menu description when ordering since you might wind up with unfamiliar cuts of meat.

I'm adventurous and love the textures of beef tendon and tripe, so I was in heaven when my steaming bowl of No. 1 Phò Phú Thành ($4.95) arrived. The broth was incredibly fragrant with clove and star anise. This really should be made into an air freshener.

Along with the condiments at the table, the soup comes with a plateful of basil and bean sprouts. But also include limes and chilis to add texture, flavor and depth to your pho experience.

For something hearty and comforting, the No. 7 Mì Bò Kho ($4.75) is a bowl of chewy egg noodles filled with a beef stew. Tender pieces of stewed carrots and beef grace the rich and complex flavors of the dark and tasty brew.

If you're carbohydrate loading, order a slab of French bread to absorb all of the bone-warming elixir at the bottom of the bowl.

For food like this, a little shady is worth the drive.
My fave place for Vietnamese...  also being Chinese myself, I adore won ton and I can combine my love for noodle soup and won ton here.  #22 is my fave for pork/shrimp won ton and noodle soup (#23 is more won tons, no noodles... might be a new tactic for the 3 of us, get 2 bowls of #22 and 1 bowl of #23 and divvy the noodles and won tons accordingly).  Their broth is very good, not oily and greasy on top, and something I'm willing to sup down with edible ingredients (I tend to leave broth in the bowl at pho shops).

In the summer, I always get one of the refreshing "desserts" which I really treat like cooling drinks... the seaweed or longon versions.
Moving the review to Phu Thanh... this one is a misspelling.
My fave place for Vietnamese...  being Chinese myself, I adore won ton and I can combine my love for noodle soup and won ton here.  #22 is my fave for pork/shrimp won ton and noodle soup (#23 is more won tons, no noodles... might be a new tactic for the 3 of us, get 2 bowls of #22 and 1 bowl of #23 and divvy the noodles and won tons accordingly).  Their broth is very good, not oily and greasy on top, and something I'm willing to sup down with edible ingredients (I tend to leave broth in the bowl at pho shops).

In the summer, I always get one of the refreshing "desserts" which I really treat like cooling drinks... the seaweed or longon versions.
Love it here. I like Thit Nuong, the best. The staff is slow because there are only one guy. The other guy is the owner. Think they should hire more people. Otherwise, anything else is good.
My first impression was not good already. The food does not have good quality and NOT fresh. But we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is VERY cheap. Appertizers for $2 is a good deal I admit. The second time we came, the customer service was BAD. We ordered a vietnamese sandwich and it never came, we had to tell the server to ask when our order came. And still we had to wait 10 minutes, my husband waited for his sandwich the whole time I was eating my food. Recommended if you want cheap food and dont really care about the quality and the customer service.
tho inconsistant at times, i always come back when i am staying on the East Valley.. perfect hangover food =)

for dinner i reccomend wehre you get the grill on your table and make your own spring rolls. it is gooood, but be aware you will smell like it for the rest of the evening
They have the best pho tai. The broth is home made and not from a can. The egg rolls and spring rolls are really good. Bahn xeo is also the best I have had.. bahn xeo is a rice crepe filled with sauted bean sprouts, pork, and shrimp. You wrap it in romaine lettuce and dip it in the fish sauce. It looks kinda of like an omelette but there is no egg in it. The service is a little slow but it is well worth it, the two guy waiters kinda just float around, just holla at them if ya need anything. The fried rice and roasted chicken is also really good. Very affordable and so yum o!
From the outside, Phu Thanh looks different from any other Vietnamese restaurant in town. It's larger, has a huge presence outside of the typical hidden strip mall, and looks promising. 

Rest assured, Phu Thanh is different from most Vietnamese restaurants on the east side... it's very very bad. During a one-hour dinner in their dining room, I noticed three tables that were covered in dirty dishes upon my arrival, and still covered in the same dirty dishes upon my departure. Not to say this ruined my experience, but it sure was disgusting to look at. The waiter service here was actually nicer and more helpful than most, a which is the saving grace here. They offered a refill of my water (rare) and even came back to see if I needed anything else (very rare.) The clientele here seemed like predominately young married couples and young families of non-asian descent. 

I had been craving a bowl of Bun all day, a rice noodle dish served with julienned veggies, your choice of meat, and a nuoc mam (fish sauce) to give it a nice flavor. I also ordered spring rolls  prior to my meal, and was a tad surprised when, having ordered in Vietnamese, the server asked me questions that made no sense. My order of Goi Cuon garnered a respose of "fried or not fried" which definitely threw me off since fried would be Gha Gio, an entirely different dish... did you ask this because I'm white? He then asked "you need fork right?" No, I just gave you my entire order and said hello in conversational Vietnamese... this wasn't a tip off that I know how to eat your food? The spring rolls were very small and contained little filling. I'm used to Goi Cuon bursting with veggies pork and shrimp, not little tiny thunb sized things. When the Bun came, the noodles were all broken, which made it almost impossible to eat in anything other than tiny bites. The Nuoc Mam had an overwhelming fish sauce smell and flavor and was easily the worst I've ever had, and completely lacked chili, garlic, or anything to mask the fish sauce. Utterly awful. I also felt like the Bun portion was incredibly small compared to other Viet restaurants in town.

I would hesitate to give this place any sort of recommendation, given it's proximity to some of the best Vietnamese restaurants in town. The quality seemed to be on par, and service was somewhat decent, but the combination of small portions, bad tasting food, and lack of ability to clean a table earns this restaurant a solid two-star review. Also, eating Vietnamese more than three times a week, I've had a good run of over two years and haven't become sick from a place. This one has had me burping for the past 12 hours and feeling kind of queasy... nothing major, but definitely something didn't sit well. I'm honstly not sure what the appeal of this restaurant is. Two miles away is Pho Ao Sen, one of the premier spots in the valley.
This place is your standard hole in the wall pho. They've got good tasting pho and spring rolls for cheap. :D The cleanliness is definitely lacking but more flavor fo' yo' noodlee!
I figured this place was doing things right when all the parking spots within a 200 foot radius were taken.

The fam and I were visiting from SoCal and had a hankering for some cheap Viet grub. Y'see, you don't drop a lot of money to get filled up at places like these. For around 35 bucks the whole family can eat their hearts out. Here, you get all the top entrees, phos, bobas and appetizers. Our good friends who lived in the area recommended this joint. The restaurant's locale is dusty and isolated at the end of a semi-deserted strip mall, near a busy intersection. 

The place felt a little worn down and needed some refreshing. But that won't stop folks from frequenting this place. The food came fast, in larger than average portions and service was attentive. It was tricky finding the bathroom though. The quality of food was pedestrian, nothing ground breaking or causing everyone at the table to say, "Oooooh....!" Yes, I've had better at other Viet places but this place did the job without making me puke or emptying my wallet. 

All in all, it was a decent experience.
Love this place even though it looks ghetto on the outside and inside ha. Authentic Vietnamese food. Problem is they will never give u the tab, u literally have to chase them down to pay. But all their menu items are sooo good and super cheap ranging from five to seven dollars for a large portion of food. Favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Arizona!
This is my old review so I thought I'd update it since this place is now closed due to a tragic incident that happened back in March 2013 -  an employee was shot by her husband then he shot himself inside the restaurant. It was on the news: (http://www.abc15.com/dpp/news/region_southeast_valley/mesa/fd-shots-fired-at-mesa-business)


Anyways, they have a new location that's owned by one of the brothers. Its located on Dobson & S. of Broadway, behind Domino's Pizza: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-thuan-thanh-mesa

Be sure to order their Pho #22 with rice noodle. They use quality meat and you wont find anything weird like fish eyeballs in your soup.  It consists of quality thin beef strips, fish meatball (don't let this freak you out...its good), pork wonton, shrimp, crab & squid. 

My other favorite is their fresh spring rolls (not fried) that come with Hoisen & Peanut sauce...super cheap & healthy. 

They also have another location owned by their sister. It's located on 19th Ave & Camelback (http://www.yelp.com/biz/da-v%C3%A0ng-phoenix-2)
Phu Thanh is one of the better and cheaper pho places to eat in Tempe/Mesa. 
 
THE GOOD:
Their food tastes good and it won't burn a whole in your wallet. 
They are quick with seating you, taking your order, and giving you food.  

THE BAD:
Don't expect for great service. The waiters are nice but will not come around to refill your water or give you a check in a timely manner. You have to ask for it.  

THE UGLY:
The whole restaurant is soo ugly. I was skeptical to go eat here at first because it looks like some dirty jailhouse. It's really old and it looks scary but you get used to it.
Great food and great prices! Although I haven't ventured far from what I'm comfortable with. The 2A is my favorite soup and noodles ever!
Love at first taste! My buddy at work asked me if I have had lunch already cuz she's getting a Vietnamese food - I thought it was a good idea so I'm like, forget my brown bag and go for the Chow Mein! And boy was it so damn good - I always love it when the portion is enormous that I couldn't eat it all at one meal! :D The Chow Mein is packed with veggies and lotsa seafoods! For $6, what a deal! Looking forward to another Phu Thanh lunch soon, and looking forward to eat in their restaurant so I can try other menu they have.
$5.00 Pho.....need I say more!?!
This place has the best prices on Vietnamese food in town.  The barbecue rice is where its at.  Flavorful, juicy meat grilled to perfection, laid over a bed of rice that soaks up all that meaty goodness.  

Also, ask for fried egg on top to crown the meal in golden glory.  It's a meal for champions.
Pho done right in this joint people. Don't really like much else on the menu at this locale.
Love this place. It's yummy, cheap and the portion sizes are huge. I usually get the same thing even though I tell myself to try something new, but I can't help myself lol. I forget the number, but it's the one with noodles, pork, egg roll with veggies :P I tend to get the same meal every time I try a new Vietnamese place to try and gauge how I like it before I stray to something new. I failed to do so a few times and I ended up unsatisfied lol. Yes, the place looks sketchy, but it's yummy!
I haven't had the Pho here, yet. I actually had the bun (vermicelli) with lemongrass beef. I love lemongrass so I specifically came here to get this. I also ordered a side of eggrolls (2 in an order accompanied with lettuce, mint and fish sauce for dipping). My total was $8 something which I liked. Very affordable.

Lemon Grass Beef Bun was okay. I expected a stronger lemongrass flavor but it was very mild. There was a nice grill flavor though which I did enjoy. The fish sauce that it came with was mild, also. But I've noticed that with all the viet places I've been to in AZ, why is that? 

The eggrolls were eh. Mostly shredded carrots than anything else. Wouldn't order it again. 

I will go back and try their Pho and maybe some other items, and if it's amazing as all these reviews state I will update my rating, but for now based on the eggrolls and bun dish... 3 stars. Just A-OK. To me a 4 or 5 star vietnamese restaurant has to have good bun & com tam (broken rice dishes) as well as Pho. My favorite viet place is still Pho Thanh in PHX (which has a similar name but I don't think has the same owners).
Pretty good viet food for the price.  Usually get the bun (vermicelli) bowls, which are pretty good and have a decent amount.  The pho/mi are ok...wife order noodle bowl with duck and requested it prepared with no bone (wouldn't do it after a few request).  No biggie, but other places had no issue with it.  Her bowl was a bit bland, but the pho were good.  Egg/spring rolls were average.  Great affordable viet food, service is ok... Would avoid during special days (father's/mother's day, etc.)...takes forever.  Better to come any other time.
My second home. Love the cheap, hearty and tasty eats here. Owner and crew are very efficient and it's just the right amount of grunge to make it feel authentic. Favorites here are banh xeo, bunh rieu, hu thieu, com suon. YUM!!!!
My girlfriend was a bit scared, but she is now a regular. This place doesn't disappoint!! I order the 1b like all the time, love the spring rolls, egg rolls, lo me in, and the bun xiao. I NEVER go anywhere else but here!!

The Goods: FOOD, PRICE

The Bad: most vietnamese places that serves good food, are too busy for you, so get used to it, they dont care, and know youll come back anyways. But the service isnt bad, they are VERY friendly, just busy.

Overall:
My girlfriend and i have tried other places, NO ONE BEATS This place as far as TASTE and PRICE! Great combo!
My meal here turned out to be a very odd experience.

The good: 
I was greeted and seated right away, a glass of water and menu were provided immediately.  The water was refilled expeditiously.

While it didn't smell as fragrant as Pho Nhan did when I entered, it did smell good.  

I saw a mix of Asians and others (including one not-too-polite redneck farmer who talked way too loud on his cell phone at the table) but enough of the former to feel this was a popular place for Vietnamese.  I wouldn't trust a pho place full of only white people.  Scary thought.

The eggrolls were delicious!  They were more garlicky than ones I've had in the past and it was that kind of garlic that you keep taking bites of and wanting more of.  The veggies were fresh and crisp, the shell was crisp and delicately flaky, the dipping sauce was perfect.  I could have eaten a whole meal of just these.  

The bad:
After being seated and provided water and menu I was summarily ignored for at least 15 minutes.  THIS I'm not used to.  Someone else would have left.  The waiter was sitting a a table in full view of me about four tables away and purposely did not make eye contact or walk by, much less come to my table.  What's the problem, Dude??

Well, you know what, I can usually out-stubborn anybody, though thankfully don't often need to, so I decided to sit there till Hell froze over.  Eventually an older man came out to bring another table their food.  He saw me sitting there, hands politely folded on menu, smile on my face, obviously ready to order, snapped some orders at the younger guy, who then came over to take my order at long last.  I got the aforementioned eggrolls and a bowl of soup that included duck leg and bamboo.  My phone died before I could take a photo of the menu as I sometimes do to remember the name of the dish.  The guy checked with me if I wanted the one with bamboo and I said yes, but my antennae went up.  As he was leaving the table he hesitated and asked, "You work over there?" Pointing to the west.  I told him no, I was visiting from San Diego because I had a new granddaughter.  He brightened up at that and was perfectly nice after, so I can only guess he thought I was someone else initially, someone not worthy of his attention.  Working where?

After eating the delectable egg rolls and being extremely impressed, the large bowl of soup arrived and emitted such a putrid smell I didn't know if it was from the person serving it or the dish itself.  It honestly smelled like someone had pooped in it, or in their pants nearby.  I told myself not to let my imagination run wild, thinking of stories describing slaves who defecated in their owners food, ewww. I had gone through so much to get it that I didn't want to send it back.  As I took bites and spoonfuls I pretty much narrowed it down to the bamboo being the culprit causing the bad smell and taste.  And it was not inedible, just took some getting used to.  I kept telling myself I probably had just never eaten bamboo before and maybe it's an acquired taste like Limburger(sp?) cheese, or liver.  Whatever, I ate it and while I barely made it to my motel bathroom after leaving the restaurant (don't ask), I had no further  gastronomic problems from the food, and that could have been caused by eating exotic food after having nothing to eat all day.  If the food had been "bad" I'm sure I would have reacted to it during the night or next day.

I'm trying to talk myself into giving them three stars because those egg rolls were so good but the more I remember sitting there being purposely ignored, the more I acknowledge how impolite and unprofessional that was so I'm going to make it two stars.  Sorry guys, next time tend to your customers.  I eat out every day and this place is very near my motel so I would have loved to add it into my rotation of eateries.
I have been coming here for about 7 Years and even show up in February when they shut down for a month for their vacation time.. This place is about the same as Da Vang in Phoenix, which I believe is their sister company.. 

We go to Phu Thanh about 1 - 2 times a week. Use to be 2 times a week minimum when i worked by the Bank of America tower... Anyways..

This by far is the best Vietnamese place in town and definitely the best value. When you go inside, here and Da Vang, it almost looks more like a gutted house. They keep the environment cheap but clean, which keeps their prices down, -- come on, do you go for the food or social atmosphere? Me the Food....

My Faves and recommendations are listed in order of my preference
Combo Fried Rice..
Pho #1 on the menu
Seafood Fat Noodle #29
BBQ Pork Short Ribs Served with Rice
Spring Rolls
Seafood Hot Pot
The pho broth here is consistently phenomenal, and this place is open on Sundays as well. The food comes out fast and hot.  If they weren't a little stingy with the veggies (even when you ask for more), I would have given it 5 stars.  Otherwise, it is a must try for Pho lovers.
After having a terrible experience elsewhere, I feel obligated to write a review for my go-to pho place.  This is pretty close to what I would consider authentic Vietnamese food, certainly the closest in this area.  The broth is flavorful, and the meat is cooked exactly right.  Other dishes on the menu are just as delicious, but for me, when I go to a pho place, it's all about the pho.  Yes, the service could be better, but this is pretty typical for a Vietnamese restaurant.  They are never rude, but be prepared to have to flag down your server for the check.  Other than that, I have no complaints.
I am a PHO-addict and the pho here is VERY good.  I also love their spring rolls both the fried and fresh.  Also, if you are in the mood for fried rice, that is tasty as well.  The service is ok, there are times when we have had to hunt someone down to get our check.  The restaurant is a hole in the wall and it has a "unique" smell.  It's bad, but it is different.  If you want some good PHO then try this place out, it's good and priced very well to meet the budget.
Service is usually bad! But, today it was great and food like always was excellent. Me and wifey are always there. App #52 & #54 Main is #4 for wife and I get #22 I drink Coconut soda wife drinks Salted Lemonade with sugar...YUM!!!!!
Such a tragedy. I am SO SO sorry to see this place close! I have been going there for years and will without a doubt miss them :-(
NOW CLOSED. This was due to a deadly shooting. We will miss you.
My second favorite Pho place (Saigon Pho being the first).
Always good food here. Only problem is getting the bill when you are done eating. Not the most attentive servers.
You are missed Phu Thahn :'(  A loyal customer
Looks like I spoke too soon. It's back to going to 19th Ave and Camelback to get my pho/bbq pork fix.

For those who ask, the owner closed and moved because of what went down. If you want the same menu and food, go to Da Vang because it's within the same family. Phu Thanh moved to the West Valley and just opened inside of Lee Lee's on Cactus Rd.

So for those in Glendale, yay for you! For those who are stuck on the East side, you are welcome to come cry with me in a corner.
closed, but reopened in Lee Lee's Peoria.
7575 W Cactus Rd
Peoria, AZ 85381
We still go there, maybe once a month rather than every week. =(
This place looks like my grandma's kitchen! If you seat down ordering is confusing and the people taking your order make you feel like you have already done something wrong! Food was sad!
This restaurant was recommended to me by my boss. So myself and a friend, stopped in today. I had their B Special, which they called santa monica. It had ham & Turkey, Cheese, Veggies and Mayo. I especially loved the avocado on it. It was all very fresh and delicous. It came with fruit, which were peaches, they came out of a can, but they tasted great. The soup was a bean and sausage soup, just awesome. My friend had a light lunch with broccoli soup and salad and a croissant. The salad was fresh and crispy and she raved about the soup. I read the previous comments, don't see any problems myself. Maybe they had a bad day.
I have been going to this restaurant for years.  The food is great.  The restraunt decor is simple - no frills, but what they lack in decor, they make up with a great menu...with lots of options!    It is a family owned restaurant, they deliver, and they offer salad, fresh soups with their sandwiches.  Enjoy!
This is not the same salads n such that I went to as recent as one month ago. They have raised their prices and changed their menu and a big way. I can understand raising the prices but what they did to the menu I think was a bad idea. They took my favorite sandwich off, got rid of sprouts completely, and the biggest problem is that you no longer get to choose two side items but only one. This place no longer stands out to me. There are too many other sandwich shops that I can go to. The decor is not good, I've been going to this place for many years and it never changes. At the end of my dining experience I tried to redeem my 10% discount for checking in on yelp but they said that that coupon shouldn't be on there. They did go ahead and give me the 10% discount though so that was nice. That will be my last time at salads n such because really they offer nothing different than any other place and now their prices are higher. Just not worth it.
I'm not really sure why people care about the decor for a place like this... I suppose its a bit dated, but it certainly wasn't dirty.  

Anyway.. I've ordered from this place a three or four times in the past year or so and I like it.  The sandwiches are huge and they have a pretty nice selection.. 23 on the menu, including the wraps (not including the burgers).  I can't say I've had a bad one yet.  The latest was the "Club" Ranch Wrap and I thought it was quite good.  

They have made a few changes in the past year or so.. The old menu used to have the option to have a whole sandwich or a half sandwich, both of which included the 2 sides.  You could have ordered just the sandwich and taken $2.50 off of the price at that time which would have made the sandwiches about $5 and change.  The new menu has the option for just the sandwich or the combo.  The combo includes 1 side and a 32oz drink.  (old menu the drink was extra)  So the price for the new menu (combo) has gone up a bit, but the price for the sandwiches alone ranges from $4.50 - $6.. not that much of a difference, and pretty reasonable.  

Anyway.. they deliver pretty quickly.. they've always been friendly on the phone and when I've ordered in person.  

One thing to note.. if ordering on their website, I would not recommend entering your credit card information as the site is not secured by SSL.
Great Local Hang out hole in the wall with the best french dips i have ever had! the food and staff are great! who cares about the decor! the food is what matters and this place has been here for year and years and years.....thats got to say something.
This is an awful place for lunch. You would never guess it was a sit down restaurant and the service was sooo slooow. We were there for 45+ minutes for lunch, maybe 5 minutes spent eating. I got the club ranch wrap which was less than impressive looking for $9. The outside felt a little warm but the inside was scolding hot! Grease dripped from the bottom and landed on my finger leaving it bright red with a blister. Seriously?? Took a few more bites and I was burned a second time on the side of my lip. Mind you I had already eaten my potato salad (which tasted like it was from Walmart) and chips so the wrap had plenty of time to cool down. This was a joke, and the check was just the cherry on top. $23 for two sandwhiches I could have made at home without being burned. There are way better sandwhich shops with actual homemade sides for half the money. Try Z-Cafe at Alma School and Baseline!!!
I really like this place alot the food is good, BUT, we got a delivery and it took 2 + hours. REALLY.  I dont care how busy you are, first rule, you never say I am soooo busy, everyone is busy.  I dont know that we will ever order from there again, if it is going to take that long to deliver food.
R.I.P. Salads N' Such... if you're looking for the Salads N' Such that you used to know and love, this ain't it.

This used to be a lot of peoples' favorite sandwich shop in Mesa.  New owners recently moved in and unfortunately the only thing that has carried over is the name and a fraction of the menu--most of which tastes nothing like it used to!

For starters, the service has been really bad.  On my first trip to the newly managed place my order was at first lost, then I was overcharged (which they thankfully fixed, but took almost 5 minutes), and then my sandwich was made incorrectly (a take out, so I got to drive 15 minutes back to correct it, with nothing more than a "sorry" to boot).

On my most recent trip I got the same thing I had been getting for years and the bread was stale--this from a place that was famous for its fresh toasted rolls--the potato salad was mostly clumps of mayonnaise, the lettuce and tomato were both soggy and aged, and the cookies--which also used to be fresh made--tasted like something from a prepackaged box from the 99 cent store next store.  

I took the sandwich back, no refund needed.  The new owners claim to have attempted to update the restaurant and learn from the "old guard" that was here, but it's a pale reproduction.  They can follow a menu all they want, but if they're using old vegetables and pre-fab baked goods, they'll never come close to what this place used to be.

This was my last trip to a place my coworkers and I used to love.
Nice place, very clean looking. Nice sized, well stocked drinks wide selection of drinks, sandwiches and soups as well as sweets and coffee

Had the pick two special, if it wasn't so tasty i would have took off two stars for unarmed robbery. 

Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich
+ the bread isn't toasted so it's oil free making it more fat free then your fat free  
+tasty 
-menu said it used roasted bell peppers when i read that i assumed strips of roasted red bell pepper it's more like chopped up cubes of bell pepper didn't provide much flavor
-wasn't a lot of feta cheese
- a dust of garlic powder would have improved flavor a bit but that's cause i dust all my sandwiches with it

Cream of Tomato Soup
+ very very nice with the sandwich
+ sweet and tangy
- some unknown flavor i couldn't identify

Overall
Be careful what you buy here, if you're drawn by their advertisements of fat free or low calorie or what ever order something you know is low in fat and this defeats the purpose but ask them to not grill or press the sandwich they lube with oil and that's fat.
What caught my attention to this place was the Health food aspect. So I bit.
The theme is like Starbucks if they only served food. Also There was deal for 7.99 to get half of the signature items. I thought i was ordering that but instead got the full which was good I got the chipotle chicken sandwich with an apple. The bread bowls are huge.

The lady behind the counter was rude, but the service beyond her was great and a little spot to relaz and eat good food. I love it.
So sue me...I like a chain once in a while.  I mean c'mon, decent coffee, comfy seating, free wifi and more than passable lunches.

Would you hate me if I told you I knew where pretty much every Panera was from Connecticut to Maine?

Seriously.  Can I write one generic review and just post it for all of them?  I mean chains go for consistent theme and product, shouldn't consistent reviews with a certain sameness be bestowed upon them if they succeed?

Is the Panera just off the Maine turnpike in Augusta where I ate dinner and worked late one evening that different than the Panera in between the Connecticut turnpike and the Merritt Parkway or the Panera just off of Fort Eddy Road in Concord, New Hampshire?  Frankly, no it's not.
This place made me so cranky! 

I came in hungover, hankering for their potato and egg quiche. Alas, I came in too late for breakfast. That sucks, but the insult to injury came in the form of the cashier's over perky suggestion of a Cobb salad because "it has an egg in it". Ug. Minor infraction, but as I mentioned I was hungover, so she must die!

Cheese danish was good (nice breads all together), but my  annoyance was renewed when the same perky cashier attempted to correct me "you mean cheese pastry?" DIE IN A FIRE!! 

Shit poor latte, served in a cappuccino cup.
It kind of pains me to give Panera Bread a good rating, mainly because I didn't want to go here for lunch this weekend but was talked into it. I have never been a huge fan of Panera because as many have mentioned its basically the Starbucks of the sandwich and soup market. Overcharging for something I can get cheaper elsewhere but if I want to be "cool" I have to eat at Panera. Ugh!
So, with that said, I gave Panera 4 stars. They lose 1 star for price. Thats about it from this trip that I can really knock. The service was fine, the food was delicious (I ordered a chicken sandwich that had chipotle mayo I don't remember the name), and the place is really well kept. I even had a cinnamon bun to go that was great in the morning. I really wish they would lower the prices a bit or throw in the drink with a sandwich at the least. I mean really, fountain drinks cost them a few cents. Would it really kill them to include it? For $7 although my sandwich was good it was small and I ended up eating some of my moms and my girlfriends meals too.

Not sure if I will be back but I won't be as likely to fight it next time.
Ok, I know Panera is a chain restaurant, but I still like it. Especially on a hot day like today, a "You Pick Two" seems like a winner. I'm a HUGE fan of the You Pick Two and since I am pretty mundane when it comes to sandwiches....I always order the Sierra Turkey with no Onions and possibly the Mac and Cheese, Broccoli Cheddar Soup or the Chicken Noodle Soup. The bread is always soft and there is plenty of turkey in the sandwich to make me feel like I'm fully satisfied. Overall, Panera is one of my favorite lunch joints to go to.
Panera catering is wonderful! When you have to feed an office and don't have time to do a lavish menu, Panera is perfect with their delicious lunch boxes. 

I tried the Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich with chips and cookie.  Very yummy and bread is soft and fresh!
I guess the irony would be that I've never actually ordered  from the bakery menu here, because of course Panera specializes in Artisan breads and speciality breads, and all kinds of baked goods from bagels to pastries, cookies, cakes and muffins.  

They also serve sandwiches, soups, and salads, and while I've heard the sandwiches and hot paninis are good, all I've ever ordered, in my health-oriented way, have been the salads -- which means that I actually have enjoyed their bread, because a slice of freshly baked french bread comes with every salad, and it is very good.

But the salads are what I really know and love about Panera.  I've had the Fuji Apple Chicken, the Asian Sesame Chicken, the Grilled Chicken Caesar, and most recently the Strawberry Poppyseed Chicken.  All of these are excellent, but my new favorite is definitely the Strawberry Poppyseed Chicken.  

Aside from the wonderful taste of their salads, the great thing about them is that they use all natural, antibiotic-free chicken.  That is a major plus!

The price of their salads does seem a little high to me, but there's a remedy for that.  I always go with a friend who enjoys their salad as much as I do.  We order one salad and tell the cashier we're going to split it.  They bring it to our table in two bowls -- with a slice of french bread for each of us.  That's a good deal, because half an order is plenty for light, satisfying meal.  

One of these days, maybe I'll try a sandwich or a panini, because I will definitely be back.
It's been a while since I've been to Panera bread - however after visiting today, now I know why I used to go there quite a bit.

Being more health conscious these days, it is not just about where you eat, but WHAT you eat.  I find that Panera bread has a lot of tasteful selections that still allow you to meat your health/nutritional goals.

What I opted in today for was the "You Choose two" menu:

- Half Asian Sesame Chicken Salad (200 cals,10g fat)
- Half Smoked Turkey Breast on Country Sandwich (280 cals, 7g fat)

My third item I got on the side was an apple.

The salad was very good.  Fresh, off-the-grill chicken with: the romaine lettuce, almonds, crispy wonton strips and sesame vinaigrette was very flavorful and did not disappoint.

The Smoked Turkey Sandwich was equally satisfying.  This half sandwich was more like a full one portion-wise.  The sandwich was put together with some good slices of turkey breast, leaf lettuce, tomatoes and red onions with mayonnaise, spicy mustard, salt and pepper.

The experience from walking into the door, ordering our food and having it on our table was a very quick experience and we enjoyed a nice clean atmosphere to eat our lunch.

I was expecting the place to be much more busy, however since we arrived at 1pm for lunch it had all its booths filled up, but not very tables - which is where we sat.

Again, I can see why I came here a lot in the past. I am glad my wife suggested this place to try.  This one is definitely going on my work lunch rotation. :)
I came early before a CMYE started and was starving. I didn't want to get something heavy so I got a small Mac N Cheese. I normally don't like Mac, but for whatever reason I was feeling it today. It was fairly good, really white cheddar. It did it's job, but I like their sandwiches/salads better. 

Is it the best sandwich/salad/etc at that pricepoint? No, but it's a quick, fairly healthy stop. 3.5 stars
When we're sick and tired of the same old thing and want to have something reasonably healthy, we come here! They have the best soups and sandwiches. The soups are what my husband craves when he's a sickling. The sandwiches have great flavors. It's a pretty healthy spot if that's what you're going for. I always get the pick 2, bread with Broccoli and Cheddar Soup. That soup is great, nice and thick and real creamy but, once it cools down, it tends to thin out and tends to not taste as yummy. My husband has the Turkey Sandwich, YUM! They use spicy greens so it adds a little more flavor than what you're expecting.

I see a lot of people coming here for business meetings and/or something like I do, a change of scenery from the coffee shops.

The staff is great. They're so nice and friendly.
One of our favorite "go to" places after a long day at work and we're too tired to cook.  Love the Mac and Cheese and the Asian Chicken Salad.  I feel like there's enough choices that I can indulge, if I choose, or pick healthier options. 

My only irritation:  I prefer to eat sitting in a booth and the tables are usually filled with people sitting by themselves with their laptops with maybe an espresso drink and no food. 

While it may be Panera *Bread*, I've actually never tried their bread.
Fast and friendly service, good food and reasonably priced.
Excellent food to devour here!  Everything from their sandwiches to their salads to their soups.  They offer a lot of healthy options here on the menu.  But unlike a lot of other places, their healthy is actually tasty.

The bread here is very good!  I'm a big fan of their wheat baguette.  There are also some pretty tasty treats in the bakery area.  Good bagels, muffins, cookies, etc.  The cinnamon roll is one of my personal favs!  The coffee is quite tasty too, especially the hazelnut mix.

The staff are all nice and courteous.  And if you come here often, sign up for their Panera rewards card.  You'll rack up things like free drinks, free pastries, discounted meals, etc in no time!
My go to place for a quick and healthy lunch. I usually always get the pick 2 special with your choice of half of their sandwich/panini, soup, or salad. My favorite would have to be the Tomato and Mozzarella panini and I pair it with the creamy tomato soup. This soup is by far the best creamy tomato soup I have ever had. Its thick, creamy, rich, and very savory. I've never had any of their bread or pastry items but all of them look hot and fresh... of course why else would they call it Panera BREAD! This place is perfect for getting some school work done since they have free wi-fi or if you need a place for a quick, healthy business lunch.
Everything here tastes great and is overall very healthy. Their new menu boards even have their calories for their items posted - extremely helpful if you're on a diet/counting calories!

I love their seasonal Strawberry Poppyseed and Chicken salad [All-natural, antibiotic-free chicken, romaine, fresh strawberries, fresh blueberries, fresh pineapple, Mandarin oranges, pecans & fat-free poppyseed dressing] - the dressing is sweet but not overpowering.

For lunch their You Pick 2 is always great because you get your choice of 1/2 a salad, cup of soup, or 1/2 sandwich - which is great portion sizing for lunch.

The only down side is that their "breakfast menu" is only available until 1030a during the week and until 11am on weekends. But their bakery items (bagels and pastries) are available around the clock if you're in desperate need of a breakfast fix.
Panera is a cozy and friendly place to eat a meal on the run or to relax and enjoy coffee with your friends.  I frequently study here because the coffee refills are free and the booths have outlets for my computer.  Highly recommend it!
They are pretty awesome. First of all they lay out all their desserts behind the counter with a glass case so you can admire or salivate like I did while waiting to order. I think I waited in line longer than what it took to get my food. They brought right to my table too. But the tricky part was to get a table!! The place was poppin'. Good sandwiches and amazing soups. Try the cheddar broccoli. Also try a brownie before you head out. Amazing.
Stopped by for lunch and ordered the Sierra Turkey 1/2 sandwich on asiago foccacia bread & broccoli cheddar soup in a bread bowl :) Amazing, and filling. No wonder its packed at lunch time. I'd eat here a few times a week if it was closer. Yum!
Panera Bread is great! The employees are energetic and full of life. This location was huge and spaced out well. I ordered the smoked turkey sandwich on asiago focaccia bread. Sandwich was made to perfection I must say. Fresh green lettuce and tomatoes, melted swiss cheese, and came with a broccoli and cheese bread bowl.

Everything wad made fresh to order. They even have you seat yourself then bring the food out to you when its ready. The seating is a bit crowded if you don't have a booth or you're not sitting outside. They offer free WiFi as well.

Overall, the food is inexpensive and Panera Bread is a great place to enjoy your lunch break on. I'll definitely be back!
Had my local Panera turn a VERY frustrating situation into an amazing one. Drove halfway across town to get some chicken noodle soup for my sick boyfriend, then got home and the soup was missing!!  Drove all the way back where the very friendly manager refunded my entire meal,  gave me a giant bucket of chicken noodle, and even carried it out to my car. This Panera definitely won me back!
I have always enjoyed Panera.  Food is fresh and usually very good.  Every so often you get something not as good as you expected, but that can happen almost anywhere.  One thing I really enjoy is their fresh brewed iced tea. Always refreshing on the hot summer days in Las Vegas.  I wish they would serve a traditional style breakfast (eggs, meat, potato's) with one of their fresh baked breads.
Love the Roasted Turkey Artichoke Panini and Tomato soup!!

Employees very nice and great customer service.
Delicious. This place is always clean. My order is usually done correctly.
Can't go wrong with Panera Bread!

This location is very clean with friendly staff. Last time I went I just had a bowl of Broccoli Cheddar soup and Don had a tuna salad sandwich. Our orders came out right away. The Broccoli Cheddar soup was a little thick, but still very tasty with the bread that came with it. I'm glad they serve it daily because it's my favorite soup. The tuna salad sandwich tasted SO fresh and the red onion and lettuce gave it a very nice crunch. Our meals were very simple, so there's not much else to say, but pleasant service + clean restaurant + good food makes me a fan!
This is my favorite morning spot to relax, drink coffee and/or get work done.  It's quiet, clean and has big tables to spread out.  Also, the staff is always pleasant, even at the ungodly hour of 6:00 a.m.

Foodwise, their soup, bagels and salads are pretty good -- even for a chain. I particularly like the tomato soup, it tastes nothing like Campbells!  I'm fairly certain, however, that a regular Panera diet will give you diabetes-- those pastries are calorific!
I have only made one stop here, and that was to buy some bagels.  I had a sesame bagel this morning and it was OK.  Service was quick and the person who took my order was very pleasant and courteous.

My only complaint about the place is the same for any storefront in this area.  The parking can be a bear.
I want to start off by saying that the restaurant is well put. The sandwhiches and smoothies are good, but apart from the pastry, there isn't really anything too special about it.
Panera Bread used to one of my favorite places. I used to come in here a-lot to buy bagels and other goodies that I enjoy eating. However, things has changed due to my new visit here on sunday may 6 2012. I stopped there tonight wanting a sandwich and a salad. Well guess what -they closed early due to a meeting/training( this meeting should have been held some other time without closing or they could have made it aware to customers on a website or somethings). Its ok because not only did i waste my time & gas, but I came across a new deli that will be getting my business. So thanks vey much- and yes i will miss my fiji apple chicken salad,  but o- well.
My favorite place to take the kids to lunch. Also great for quick "to-go" work lunches. Sign up for Panera Rewards. I always end up getting a surprise treat from the rewards I have collected.
They are so nice. My boyfriend and I came here early in the morning for breakfast.  We came a bit early and they still served us our food before opening time.
I normally love love love Panera. Today they ruined It for me. First off, they failed to prepare our office's phone in order. When our runner got there....no food. Couldn't even find that we had placed, and paid for! Our order...then they left out two items when they did fill the order. 

All that was really just an inconvenience. It was the getting violently ill after eating my lunch that ruined it for me. Dunno what they did to my broccoli cheddar soup but I thought I was going to die!  Obviously I didn't and now I'm probably never going to be able to enjoy Panera again....bummer!
I tried to buy a loaf of cinnamon raison bread.  And go denied to buy it.  I will never come back to panera again!!!  Bad service employees
I've been frequenting Panera Bread locations around Vegas for YEARS. In my opinion, this location stands out as the cleanest and most consistently delicious with the most friendly staff! The staff are always smiling and eager to take your order, speaking to you like you're an old friend! 

I stopped in here this morning to grab a quick bagel and coffee before work. I rarely eat bagels, but have been craving one for weeks. I ordered Asiago Cheese, toasted, with cream cheese and a large coffee. Coffee is self serve (unless you order a latte) and I really enjoy their Hazelnut brew! I also ordered a pumpkin spice latte for my girlfriend. 

Bagels were ready in just a few minutes and always taste fresh and delicious. My only complaint is that the cream cheese comes in a small container and you have to put it on your bagel yourself. This is a bit inconvenient for me as I prefer the grab and go style quickie breakfast. 

When I drop in for a quick lunch/dinner, I always go for the "you pick two" option because I can never decide between soup or sandwich/panini. I don't think I've ever not enjoyed a sandwich from here. Everything is always made fresh with quality ingredients (meats, cheese, veggies). Also, you CANNOT go wrong w/ the broccoli cheese soup - yummy!!!!

ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS order a side of french baguette. Trust me, it tastes like heaven!
Small portions for the price you pay...still hungry :(
If I had to study, have a coffee or tea with a friend to talk or get light breakfast, Panera would be my go to spot. 

First, if you have not tried their breakfast soufflés, you are missing out. These flakey, savory breakfast quiches are sitting on a warmer so it comes out warm. The cheese, egg and base are so well put together, it doesn't matter which one you order. They are all amazing.  Salads are good too. 

Next about Panera, they have comfy booths for 2-4 people to sit in. These are good to have good conversation with friends and to study. Some of them have outlets on the wall so you can plug your devices in. I'm also pretty sure they have free wifi.
I have to say some of their sandwiches are good but it can turn out expensive for a panini and small bag of chips. They should let you order sodas for free. I can't complain too much but for these prices I want something little more
When this place first opened the customer service was horrendous. I stopped going there. Stayed away for years. I recently started going again as it is on my way to work. And I have to say the customer service has been outstanding my emails of complaints helped.
The bagels are good. The breakfast sandwiches are also pretty good. But the 4 cheese souffle, now that is the shining star.It is so flaky and soft, the flavor incredible. I think 4.00 for 1 is a bit much. But for that occasional treat well worth the price. 
Bravo to the staff, always very friendly.
Service is hit or miss. There are times where the cashiers are fantastic, today was not one of those times. Panera, please don't hire people who don't want to be here. Our lives are stressful enough. When we come to Panera to relax or do work, we expect pleasant customer service. I asked for my bagel lightly toasted, which apparently was the most inconvenient, unrealistic request to my cashier. After visibly acting annoyed, I watched him put it in there just like any other bagel and it came out brown and crunchy and exactly the opposite of what I asked for. Disgusting. Additionally, the Internet is slow and spotty and we could use more outlets for devices. Today, I really wish I had chosen a different venue for my Sunday hangout spot :/
It was ok to me - the bagel was a little tough & didn't really care for their coffee.
This is my first time at Panera's. I went there for lunch. I'm not familiar with the menu so I was lost. The cashier was very patient with me while I took my time to order. I ordered a full sandwich w/ French bread-like bread on the side, a cup of soup w/ apple on the side and a regular drink. The side came with each item I ordered.  I thought it was like a fast food type of environment but they handed me a number so I sat down. The cashier recommended that I get a REWARDS card with Panera so I can start receiving deals. I didn't hesitate because I enjoy collecting reward cards from different stores I go to. The server brought my food to the table. I started off by dipping my bread into my cup of soup. The bread was very fresh and soft that it practically melted in my mouth. It was that GOOOOD! I was full by the time I was done with half my sandwich, cup of soup and the bread on the side. Next time I'll know to order a half a sandwich, soup and bread on the side. NOW while I was waiting for my food to be served, I went on my phone and registered my rewards card. At the end, it indicated that I can claim my FREE cookies or pastry. I waited until I was done eating before I went back to the cash register. When I showed my card, the cashier swiped it and she said that I can pick anything from the cookie/pastry area. I chose a Cinnamon Roll. This Cinnamon Roll was huge. It was like approx. 5-6 inches. If I were to just buy the Cinnamon Roll by itself, it would cost over $3.00 each. Man, don't get me started on the Cinnamon Roll!!! My goodness!!!!! I think I just found myself a new sandwich shop to go to thanks to my boyfriend who introduced me to this place. 

Too bad they don't make SQUAW BREAD. I love that bread. I used to get it back home in Cali at the Old World Deli. It must be a West Coast thang.. Lol. Not too many people are familar with the Squaw Bread. 

OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Excellent!
PROs: excellent service, quiet, plenty of parking, free WiFi, each booth has an outlet for your phone charger, laptop charger, etc., outside seating area
CONs: not enough seating area, not really kid friendly, somewhat on the pricey side (but it's worth it!)
Very good spot to grab a quick bite. The food is delicious and the bread they use is amazing. Overall it is a good value for your money. It tends to be a little more expensive than other sandwich places, but the quality is much higher.
Nice friendly staff and very efficient as well.
You choose your food at the counter but they bring it to your table.
I am probably the biggest fan of Panera. I have had lunch here many times and every time we are met with a smile and how can we help you.

If you come in to study, meet a friend, or just a quick bite to eat, this is certainly the place to be.

I do want to highly recommend the mac & cheese, this will certainly become your biggest addiction! It is AMAZING...and I am a brewed iced tea snob and the regular brewed iced tea is always great.
Great for soup and sandwich combos, pastries, smoothies, coffee, salads,etc.
Great place for meeting up with a small group of friends or a if you are in need of a quiet place to study and grab a bite. Service with a smile. Though the dining room/drink station was a bit messy, it was rush hour however and an employee was quick to take care of it.
I have always been a fan of Panera. Whenever I want a tasty sandwich or a meal that will make me full without feeling guilty, I come here. The You Pick 2 option is great! I usually order the Chicken Caesar Sandwich. The chicken is cut into good sized pieces and the three cheese bread is awesome. A very tasty sandwich, although it can get a bit messy. The Mac and Cheese is my other choice. There is an extra charge for this, but I don't mind because it is so delicious, hot and creamy! My husband likes the Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich. I have also tried the Roasted Turkey & Avocado BLT in the past, but did not like it. For some reason, it was very bland, even though it had bacon in it. The sweet tea here is also pretty good. Its not overly sweet like the one from Mcdonalds, 

You may have to wait a while for your food, but the good thing is, they don't make it until you order it. Customer service is usually pretty good and friendly. Recently, one of the cashiers charged me for a cookie that I did not order. I didn't notice that on my receipt until I got home. I mean, it was only 99 cents, but still, they need to pay attention to these things! I sent a complaint through the company's website, and got a email from one of the managers who apologized and told me to print out this email and bring it in on my next visit for a free pastry. I still have not had a chance to use this, but what I don't understand is that I have their MyPanera card. So, why couldn't they just add the free pastry to my card? Wouldn't that be easier than me bringing a printout of my email, explaining it to the cashier, the cashier calling a manager over, causing confusion.....geez, it will take me 10 minutes just to get one pastry that I already paid for! Ridiculous! 

Speaking of the MyPanera card, I really don't understand this program, LOL. Its free and the cashier swipes this card whenever you purchase something. But, it doesn't keep track of any "points" or how much you spend. Apparently, you will get "surprise rewards" according to what you like to eat, and the more you visit, the more "rewards" you shall receive. Very vague! I come here at least twice a month, and the only thing I got was a free pastry on my birthday. 

However, I do like the food here, so I will definitely be back. 
Current hours are 6:30 am - 9:00 pm daily.
Amazing sandwiches and soups, a good deal with the soup and 1/2 sandwich and premium sandwiches only a dollar more!
So far, I'm pleased!
Panera Bread is a great place for the most important meal of the day~(breakfast!) and lunch!
Friendly service, and a fair amount of items on the menu to choose from. You can do combos or just pick one thing to your fancy. Bread, soups, pasta, sandwiches, and panini's, all cozy wholesome foods. 
I ordered the cuban chicken panini with baked chips on the side, my friend ordered soup in a bread bowl with a side of apples. Both were decently sized and tasty!
This place gets very busy on the weekend, lots of families come here after their games for lunch. Lot's of seating available, booths and tables, and some couches too. So its a good place to hang out with friends and even study.
It would be nice if the seating area could be maintained better though. Having to sit on  breadcrumbs and on the table wasn't that great, but its a small fault.
Definitely coming back!
The good - The meal was good, the service was pretty fast.
The bad - most of the empty tables were dirty or were never cleaned well after the previous customers had left. And the apple that came as a side with one of the orders had seen better days.
Love this place. Great food and even if you walk in just before closing, they still serve you and seat you. They will wait untill you are done, no pressure. Great Staff, Great Prices, Great Food.
Love the iced green tea, so refreshing. Get a pecan sticky bun while your at it & you won't be disappointed.
Love this place.  The food was very good an the service was great an fast. Love the pastries too. Would have lunch with my mom a lot at the one in Ca. Will def be back.
There portions are too small for me...I need to order two meals to not be hungry by 5pm.

The food is good, but for the cost to not be hungry after the meal at this place I would rather go somewhere nicer.

I like the greek sandwich and you cannot go wrong with most of the soups.
Love P.B., to bad eventually on a long enough time frame you're going to get bad service.  It's been a 45 min. since I ordered and I've asked twice about my meal.  Several groups have shown up after me, have eaten, and left.  Didn't know a bowl of soup and a sandwich was to tall of an order.

Update, nice lady came by with my meal and offered a refund.  Her genuine concern and my belief you should pay what you owe were more than enough to understand the mistake. I refused the refund.Will return.
I love this place. The potato soup is amazing. They have wonderful customer service as well. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
As far as Paneras go, this one is a-okay. As with most restaurants it can be hit or miss depending on the day, time and employees when you are there. I find that in the evenings, the "C-crew" is usually on duty. That means SLOW service, small portions, and an unwillingness to make the customer happy. On several occasions when I've dined here after 6 pm I've been told that they were "out" of different soups, whole grain bread, etc. with no offer to fix something else. Call me crazy but I think a restaurant with "Bread" in its name ought to have whole grain and plain baguettes, which come as standard sides with every meal, cooking up fresh. If the kitchen is out, then they need to bake more! What the heck? 

At lunch time the "A-crew" is usually working so you get better food and service. This place gets insanely crowded during the lunch rush so get there early if you want a seat and you want to avoid lines. The staff tries hard to keep the tables clean but there are always some jackass businessmen who get there at 9 am, order coffee, and then sit and hog boots or tables made for 4 people all day long. So rude. 

The interior could use a little TLC and renovation; the place is usually pretty clean but the furnishings are falling apart (note the photo I took of one of their chairs with a huge hole it in fixed with tape). 

The salads here are really good and they use good ingredients. I do agree that the portion sizes can be very small, especially if you don't eat bread or carbs. I usually have the cobb salad here since I'm a low-carber. Check out my photo of the salad they actually served me recently -- the chicken portion on top was SO SKIMPY, even by Panera's standards. 

This location has a good selection of fountain sodas (Pepsi brand) and they even have caffeine free Diet Pepsi. Their fresh brewed ice tea is great.
My fiance and I just moved to Vegas and this place was awesome for a quick lunch. The broccoli cheddar soup was amazing and we both got frozen lemonades which we to die for. I highly recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a quick sit down lunch or for a quick pick up!
Wow, I highly suggest not going at lunch time and if you do be prepared. Parking was a pain not to mention everyone was driving wayyy too fast. Before entering I already saw a huge line but I went in anyways! 

I saw on their menu that they have a 2 for 6.99 deal going on. So I got the broccoli cheddar, Caesar salad, and baguette. As for a drink I just got a cup of water since its free and it doesn't taste like sink water lol.

Wondering why I only gave three stars? Not because of the line and not because of the parking lot. I knocked off two stars all because of their CRAPPY Caesar Salad! The lettuce was BROWN! & the good colored lettuce is that part that taste like water. Not to mention was barely any dressing so I was basically chewing water =\ oh oh and I cannot forget the croutons..wow that thing was STALE.  

The soup on the other hand was SO GOOD. I wish I had gone with my initial thought which was to get a bread bowl. The cherry on top was the baguette though! I just love dipping bread into soup and eating it! 

Overall I'll be back for soup and skip on their salad..
Great soups and sandwiches.  My usual favorite is the grilled cheese pannini with turkey in it and a cup of broccoli cheese soups.  (love to dip my sand. into the soup) They have fresh ingredients and several teas for a healthy washing down of your food.  You might be tempted by their full-fledged bakery there where they have something for everyone.  Join their club and get good offers regularly...
I wish they had a drive thru but you can't have it all I suppose. The food is fresh and tasty according to my 3 year old daughter who is a discerning foodie. (Nothing pleases her more than a steak & a crisp Caesar Salad) All kids meals must have a good toy to meet her expectations. I like this location but prefer the one in Boca Park. This one is closer so we shall return.

Get the Panera Card for free drinks, pastries, etc.
Been here many times, this is the closest one to work so my co-workers and I tend to come to this location when we want a filling, healthy meal.

I've tried various combos between their pastas, soup, salad & sandwiches. My favorite is as simple as it gets: Grilled Cheese Sandwich, Tomato Soup, Green Tea & Chocolate Pastry. You have a choice if you'd like chips or a side of bread with your combo too. 

The price isn't the best and meals are hit-or-miss but it hasn't stopped me from coming here. Soup is always piping hot, sandwich is toasted, drink is delicious. When I've slurped my Green Tea to the last drop, I refill with their Acai Berry Tea, which is equally delicious as well. 

I'm definitely a fan. :)
First of all, I'd like to start off with the fact that I love Panera Bread. Soups, salads, breads, and pastas are my ultimate comfort food and this location is conveniently less than five minutes away, so it does sadden me quite a bit to be giving them a three-star rating. For that, I will start with the good stuff:

The food is fresh, filling, and of great taste. The ingredients always deliver quality! The atmosphere includes cozy tungsten lighting and several booths amongst the (kind of) crowded tables and chairs; however, I am knocking off points for this location's service. The time of day definitely matters. I've been here enough to know that sometimes there's a bit of a wait for even the simplest of orders. There was even a circumstance in which someone in my party was told they were out of one of his orders and this would have been completely fine if he was told immediately, but he was told after a twenty-minute wait which meant he had to wait even longer. We were forced to eat ahead of him to avoid dining on cold soup. *tear*

Other than that, Panera's a pretty decent spot to have a healthy meal! I would have given them a four-star rating if it weren't for the service... I do love all of their soups and the Iced Green Tea is a must for those who like a refreshingly sweet beverage! The "You Pick 2" is also perfect for numerous combinations!
I hadn't been to a Panara Bread in years, but I decided to give it a shot because I was in the area.  The restaurant is gorgeous, very peaceful, lots of seating,  and clean, but I was kind of underwhelmed. While my ham & swiss sandwich was fine, it was definitely not worth $6.80.  Maybe $4.00 at best. I'm sure that I was paying for the overhead, not for the food.  I know it is a step up from fast food, but I felt like I could have easily made this in my kitchen.  Luckily I came right before the lunchtime rush, so I didn't have to wait in the long line.

I'm sticking to Firehouse for my sandwiches. Oh well, Panara.
We stopped in Panera for a late evening snack. The staff was very pleasant as we have come to expect and the soup and half sandwich selection suited us well. The cream of chicken with wild rice soup was very good, and my wife also enjoyed her chicken noodle soup. We each had the ham and swiss cheese sandwiches. 

The table staff person was friendly and attentive without being overly so. We just don't think to go to Panera often enough.
I love this location, the wifi is fast and easy, all the employees are super friendly and I dont get any problems when I make off the menu requests :)
Free Wi-Fi, Unlimited Coffee Refills of surprisingly decent quality, a handful of individually bagged hot teas, and now with 3-4 varieties of iced tea plus iced coffee - sure I'm not going to pay what they charge for a sandwich I could make for 1/3 the price using better ingredients at home, but for beverages and simply killing time or getting some work done there aren't too many places I prefer.
This location is closest to my place in Spring Valley.  

Food is always fresh, and the service is always friendly and quick.  

Fuji apple salad is my favorite!
Perfect combo of sweet and tangy, and the fruits/veggie combo is really refreshing.

Tomato soup is always perfect.

My favorite location is the Boca Park just because of seating, but this one is suffice!
I don't think I'm imagining this, however, I've been a fan of Panera for years and I've noticed the sandwiches are getting smaller and they're getting pretty stingy with what goes in it. I just bought a $9 "Premium Signature Sandwich" and it's literally about the size of my iPhone, and just twice as thick! I'll post a picture for those who think I'm exaggerating. Aside from the now overpriced food, the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant. 

This was the first time I actually thought my girlfriend got a better deal with her salad than I did with my sandwich.
This Panera is excellent. The staff have always been friendly and extra courteous.  They bring your food to you and clean up after you as well. It's more like a restaurant than a fast food joint.
Now that cooler temps are here, I have found myself hooked on soup from Panera... And this is my favorite Panera location in town. 

The staff is always very friendly and helpful, and I even when I go during the lunch rush there is rarely a long wait. The eating area is kept clean, the only thing that could make this panera better is the parking area can get a little crazy at times. 

I don't particularly care for the "soup schedule" (soups that are available one day aren't necessarily available the following day), but it is very rare that Panera doesn't have a soup that appeals to me every time I go in. And I really love that the employees will let you sample the soups if you are having a hard time deciding which to get!

Nine times out of ten, I go with the 'Pick 2', which allows you to select soup and half a sandwich, or soup and salad, or 2 soups, or a sandwich and salad... you get the idea. I've never been disappointed with what I ordered in terms of flavor or portion size. 

I typically get my food to go from Panera, but every so often I eat in and this is a pretty cozy spot to do so. I always see people working away on their laptops. 

I am definitely a fan of Panera, and this specific location in particular.
I have no shame in saying how much I love Panera!  I have always preferred Panera's coffee over Starbucks & I only wish they would open smaller stores so I could have it more often.  I love their rewards card too - I usually get a free item of sorts every couple of months.  Not only is the food high quality but they also have delicious baked goods, smoothies, etc - something for everyone.  The employees are always super friendly too!
Absolutely horrible service, food, iced chai tea latte, and cinnamon roll. My 9 year old son compared the cinnamon roll to the one at school. Come on panera. Clark county school district cinnamon rolls taste the same as yours? Time to change. 
Also on my steak and white cheddar sandwich the steak was undercooked, and cold in the center. I sent it back and it was as if they put the whole sandwich in the toaster twice. This time the bread was super hard and the steak was tasteless. The manager said "what do you want me to do, replace it"? In a question.  Utterly dissatisfied.  I will never be back.
Love it!..small gourmet proportioned sandwiches! Great place to also bring out the laptop and do some work. I usually get the Italian with chips and their special made ice teas. Can't go wrong here!
I'm @ panera 5 days a week and its always five stars. All the staff and management are great. Nick, Luke and Angela are always more than helpful. When it comes to food it's hard finding a place that's consistent. I highly recommend the bagels they are soft and fresh and perfect to start the day.
I love eating here. My boyfriend used to work at this location and first introduced me to the food here and honestly, I LOVE IT! I would eat here everyday if I could afford it lol. ALWAYS satisfied. And nice customer service(:
I find Panera to be a pretty consistent place to get a good lunch no matter where you are, but this is the location closest to me, so the one I frequent most often. 

I find the staff can be hit or miss, but most of the time they are very friendly and knowledgeable. The girls working the register today were very nice and could easily answer questions about what was in this or that item. Meals are generally pretty quick here too, so you can easily be in and out in 30 minutes, which for a sit down meal is pretty good I think. 

I love their soups here and today I got the broccoli soup in a bread bowl, with a side of more bread. Craving carbs, lol, and while both breads were good, the side of bread was much tastier than the bowl I think. The broccoli soup is always yummy. 

As far as food, I have never had a bad meal here. My hubby is so-so on it but I think that is because he is more of a burger guy. If you like soups, salads, and sandwiches, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. We have also come for bagels in the morning which are great and I have taken bread home (asiago loaf) which is delicious. 

All in all, a great place  to eat that feels much healthier than a fast food alternative in about the same amount of time and price.
Ordered a family sized chicken noodle soup with three Frontega paninis. While walking out, I checked the bag to make sure the order was right. I noticed the chips were missing. Not a problem, it happens. Walked back and was given back the chips with an apology. 

By the time I get home I noticed the bag was wet and dripping. The soup cap wasn't secured all the way and soup spilled all over the carpet in my car. And to top it all off, of course I was given the wrong soup. Wish I would of checked more thoroughly the first time to see if my order was right. I didn't check the soup because it was in the bottom of the bag under the sandwiches. I just assumed it was right. 

So furiously, I drive all the way back and ask for the manager. I give him my receipt to prove my order was wrong and asked to replace the soup and be compensated. He had a dirty look on his face and didn't even sincerely apologize about the whole situation. All he said was "oh sorry about that" with an uncaring attitude. 

He was acting as if I'm one of those free loaders who complains all the time and tries to score free food. I'm not that kind of person, it takes A LOT for me to get upset and complain to a manager.  I was given my money back with a new soup, but honestly I could care less about the money. I just want to pay for excellent customer service and good food and that be the end of it. 

All in all, terrible customer service today. Not sure if I'll never come back because my previous visits were smooth. I guess it's just a hit or miss coming to this location.
This is one of my favorite places.  Everything so fresh. 
The service is top notch feeling like 5 star restaurant   
You will not be disappointed.
I have always loved Pantera and this location is awesome! It is so clean and always has fast service! Their coffee is always hot and most of all I love that they have so many outlets and free wifi so I can work on my computer while I have coffee! They also have the best tomato soup ever! Love this place!
I live out of town. My 84 year old dad comes here and he is picky about is latte (extra hot to the degree) and double toasted bread on his sandwiches. Cashier Ashley Love knows what he wants, how to make it, his account and always does it cheerfully no matter what what - even if he gets confused. I'd go nuts myself. She even makes sure she helps him since he can really fluster someone who doesn't know him. Thanks Ashley for taking care of dad.
I live near the Panera on rampart but try this location as I was in the area. Three stars because the staff was very sweet. I ordered a half and half. I didn't specify what type of cheese and my grilled cheese came with American that wasn't good quality.  The soup was lukewarm and that wouldn't have been so bad if my hot chocolate wasn't piping hot -not a good combination. I went in for Wi-Fi and before I ordered I asked if they had Wi-Fi. The girl that took my order asked another girl and she said "yes" they did. When I went to use the Wi-Fi it wouldn't work.  There are plenty of other places in the area with Wi-FI.  I needed to get online. After my meal I ended up parking near Starbucks- which is in the same shopping center-  and getting on their Wi-Fi.
***Highlights***: GREAT CHAIN COMPANY, FREE WIFI, Consistent Menu, great place to meet up casually with some friends. Starbucks style.

Negatives: Didn't LOVE this location (Experienced way better locations), particular location was too busy, dirty, no effort in food preparation. 

I find the Panera Bead Chain to be AWESOME. Great place to casually meet up with friends for a light lunch. Great place to meet up with someone you just met. Unfortunately I didn't have a great experience with this location. The lady who brought me my lunch also was sweeping the floors. Dishes were stacked high at the trash cans. Lines to order were 7 people deep, food took a while to get to me considering I only ordered a half a sandwich and some soup. Crazy how busy this location was for a Tuesday afternoon.

Price/Food: $10-15 Lunch. Food is always really light and refreshing at Panera Bread. Its basic safe ground for your picky eaters. In my opinion the food is a little bit pricey for the quantity, type of food, and preparation effort you are getting. I paid $12 for a half a sandwich, a bowl of french onion soup, and a soda. Was not so impressed with this particular location. Spoon was not very clean and had water spots, sandwich was very tiny and falling apart (3 big bites for a guy), and soup was just warm. I asked for the soup croutons on the side and they gave me about 4 croutons in a soup container. They didn't even bother to cut my bread in half. They just ripped a chunk off the loaf. I do however like how Panera Bread uses real cuts of turkey, and not the thin sliced pressed stuff.

Service/Ambiance: I like how the cashiers are separate from food preparation area. As busy as this location was, the cashier took the time to answer my questions and offer and explain to me about their rewards card. The customer service was spot on and everyone was friendly, but the food took forever to come out. This location cannot keep up with the amount of people that are coming through. Tables were dirty, floors had trash, trash cans were over flowing. Parking lot was packed. But on a positive note; there is a burger place next door, and a Panda express next door to that, with tables all outside, for those times when each person is in the mood for something different.
This is hands down the best Panera location in town, and that I have ever been to. They have extremely friendly staff who don't turn over constantly, so you are greeted by familiar faces that learn your order, and always take care of any issues you may have.

The general manager Luke strikes up conversation with me every morning, asks how things are going with me, and is genuinely interested in me as a person. The same goes for Ashley, a bubbly ray of sunshine even at 630AM. Maddy, Natalie, and Bianca who work the front register are all phenomenal as well. The assistant/catering managers are all wonderful. I've only had a handful of not-so-good experiences, but that is to be expected.

I will say that the morning crew is leaps and bounds better than the afternoon crew. That may be because of different staff, or because there is so much more going on at lunch and dinner time that makes it hard to manage. Either way, I love this Panera!
Paige and Nick at Panera Bread at the Fort Apache location were amazing! I had a very specific order and was worried that some of the details would be missed. Both of them were patient and very careful to ensure that everything was correct. I really appreciate the level of detail and the care they took to make sure the product was correct, fresh and ready on time. Our company owner was extremely happy and we will very likely order from Panera and this location again. Congratulations and Thank you! Carmen Gigar-
I have been here a few times but the customer service is absolutely fantastic. They have one employee is very helpful and happy every time I go there. She always has a smile on her face and she genuinely seems to be very happy to be working there. I don't know her name but she's the one with the red hair and gauges in her ears. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. They are quick even during their very busy lunch. Monday through Friday, the line is always to the door but taking that into consideration, the wait isn't too bad. Their Mac and cheese is absolutely amazing! The options when ordering are never ending.
This is one of my favorite places for lunch. The food is always good and fresh, they have lots of healthy options, and the staff members are super friendly.
Great staff, terrible sandwich... I did make the whole sandwich into a decent half of a sandwich... Not enough turkey.... It's a sandwich it's not that hard
Why does it always take so long? Even when they're not busy they take forever to get the order out, I don't get it?
The freshest fuji apple salad ever, Panera never disappoints, is consistent and delicious. The cashier was the friendliest yet down to earth and they should give her a raise for being such a good representation of customer service.
After hearing so many good things about this place, I finally got a chance to go there and I was so disappointed.  The girl who took my order, Natalie. was so busy trying to sell me extras that she didn't listen to what I ordered so when I got my order it was wrong. 

Another girl took my sandwich back and, instead of making me a fresh one, just had them put that same one in the panini press, lettuce and all. When I got it back it looked like it had been practically thrown in the box. 

I went back in and spoke to the manager who was lovely and left without buying anything even though she offered to make another panini for me. Also, two other people came in after me and the girl who served them asked if it was their first time there and when they said it was they got a free pastry! Natalie didn't hook me up like that.
I love Luke and Ashley and the rest of the staff at this location. Been going for 5 years and will continue. Thanks for always doing a good job
This Panera is like all the others, free wifi, a good place to study, and free refills on coffee.  However, this one closes early at 8p every day except Sunday, when they close at 7p.  Usually they are nice and won't kick you out right at closing.  There are also only a few good tables to get power if you are using a laptop, and they aren't the best for spreading out your studying material.  But it's free, so I don't want to complain.  

Overall, the food is good.  If you are l looking for something healthy, get the "You Pick Two" with a turkey sandwich and black bean soup.
It's funny that they have BREAD in the title because bread is hardly what this place makes me think of.   Instead I think of it as Panera Sandwich Company.  Nothing exciting about the bread.  We used to eat here quite a bit.  The sandwich quality has gone downhill.  The value for the dollar we think is a bit out of proportion.  We don't like the "wait your own table" set up.  We have never had a good cup of coffee here.  The bakery has always been just so-so.   Recently they were somewhat disorganized and weren't able to fill some of our order at the time. 
Their patio is nice with a nice view but rather small.  They need to really improve their food all the way around.   
We can pay the same price at the Great Dane next door for way way better food and we are more than happy to pay 20% tip for a better dining experience.
Went here recently to see if anything had changed and ordered the turkey artichoke sandwich.  I used to order this one in past years.   What a got was a similar sandwich with spinach and turkey.  No artichoke.  I took it back to the counter and they said the artichoke is in there it is just in the sauce!   I should have refused it and ordered something else but I ate it and it was ok.   Very skimpy turkey portions in sandwich and mostly bread.   Way way overpriced for what I got.   This is really pathetic.
The interior is pretty clean and pleasant.  Many people like it for it's internet and coffee shop atmosphere I think and miss how crumby their actual food and service is.
I now lower them to 1 star.

update:  I stopped going to this place some time ago but returned because a friend insisted (above visit) and I won a 5 dollar gift card so I went there to use it up.
When I got there a manager was about to explain to a customer why her receipt was rung up the way it was and she said she didn't care to know.   But the manager insisted on explaining the bill to which she reluctantly allowed him to finish.  
Now when I am ordering at this place I am invariably asked again and again if I am ready to order.  Don't they see that I am looking at the menu which is hung behind them?  So I won't be ordering until I decide and when I decide I will know to walk up to the register to order.
I decided to try the Ham and Turkey Panini because it was a little more expensive and one I had not tried in the past.  I think it was 8.25.  So with my card I spent  three and a quarter.   The sandwich came with a bag of chips.  It was a pretty large sandwich and the bread was good.  The ham was of somewhat ample portions but the turkey was skimpy and the cheese was almost non-existent.   What they do is shave the cheese paper thin and put two slices on the sandwich.   This is not what I call a good panini.  I give it about a 6 as it was fresh and tasted ok.  But it was nothing to rave about nor come back for.  It should have cost around 5 bucks for its simplicity and skimpiness.   
Look at it this way.   I can buy a frozen dinner for 4 bucks which will have a protein, carb and vegetable and weigh in at about the same weight as the sandwiches I get from Panera.   But I have to pay double at this joint. 
Sadly, Panera didn't used to be like this.   They used to have a turkey artichoke sandwich that was loaded with artichoke, turkey and cheese and the bread was delicious.   So someone came in and revamped all the food and wrecked the place.
Amazingly this has not dampened the number of patrons.  What I think is happening here is that Panera has a type of coffeshop feel and people meet there for it's casual atmosphere without paying a lot of attention to the quality of their food.   They sit, they talk with friends and eat their food and just have a good time not realizing that they just got ripped off and made to wait on their own table!  I gotta hand it to them.  They sure pulled off a good scam when they came up with the idea for this place.
Now please.   No more gift certificates.   They are more "insult certificates" than anything.
Well I have been going to this particular location for a while, it was fantastic when it came about. It is in a fantastic location for a couple of reason 1. It is a great place to grab a quick lunch that isn't flash heated and during work, 2. For the same reasons, it is a great place to stop afterwork for some nice soup or sandwiches. Their coffee is pretty good as well add their lemonade. You really can't go wrong with Panera and finally the Fitchburg Location is a great addition to the arsenal.
I had an awful experience here.  It took the cashier 5 minute to punch my order into the cash register, then wasted another couple of minutes explaining to me that they changed their menu and its all "screwed up".  After waiting another 10 minutes for my latte, I finally asked the lady behind the counter if the coffee was going to take much longer because I was in a hurry.  She looked at me with a snare , didn't say a word, then instructed the cashier to refund my money...which I didn't ask for.  As the cashier handed me my refund I said "I didn't ask for a refund, I just wanted to know how long it was going to take".  They both just stared at me without a word, so I said, "fine.  I find coffee elsewhere".  As I was walking out she declared to the customers in line with a giggle "she DID ask for her money back!'  I will not be going back here.
Close to work, I prefer their coffee over bucks.  Nice selection of soups, salads, and sandwiches for lunch.  The service is usually pretty quick but, can be backed up if you go right at noon...best to arrive 15 minutes early for lunch.
Update - I do like Panera, and this one is typical of the many different ones I have been to.

One thing I just can't get over is how inefficient they are during busy mornings - cashiers get called away from ringing people to make a custom drink and the lines just back up, longer and longer.  Numerous times, I've waited longer (sometimes MUCH longer) to get a simple latte, while my breakfast sandwich was already ready and getting cold.  Really?  Not good.

Hint:  Avoid the busy times on weekend mornings - get their EARLY before the morning rush, or expect to wait at least 10 minutes for a breakfast order.  If you're in a rush, and the parking lot is full...you might want to consider other options.
It's not in Hawaii yet, so it is one of the more popular chains on the US mainland that I needed to go to, just to get my fix. Panera Bread is a part coffee / breakfast place, along with it being a different experience to Starbucks and other similar eateries. Maybe they do copy Starbucks on some aspects, but clearly Panera Bread is something pretty awesome. Too bad they're not in Hawaii just yet, but I wish they would be so that they can compete with Starbucks

Part bakery as well, Panera Bread prides itself on good customer service and lots of its delicious products freshly made and handcrafted to its clientele each day. This particular Panera Bread location I have visited is part of the Hatchery Hill shopping complex, located in Fitchburg WI. I really liked their restaurant layout, which is part restaurant and part cafe, with some power outlets to recharge portable handheld devices while on the go.

Not a lot of things else to say about Panera Bread other than they have good food products. While I do not drink coffee anymore, I ordered their hot chocolate, oatmeal, and their breakfast smash sandwich recently and it was col
cool. The prices can be pricey, but it can be your alternative to daily grind of fast food. I'm sure Panera Bread draws all sorts of clientele, so they can give Starbucks a run for their money - at least. Prices here are kinda jacked up there for the meals and sandwiches they serve. While Panera Bread I imagine is a national chain, it does have its benefits. 

There is plenty of parking here within the shopping center, with some parts of these spaces are dedicated to just Panera Bread. That's pretty awesome anyway. Many people - just like Starbucks - come here to chat, hang out, read, do whatever while enjoying Panera Bread's food and beverages. Like Starbucks, they won't kick you out for anything, as long as you aren't loud or doing anything obnoxious that will get your ass kicked out of the store. It can get busy during the morning and other peak times, so plan accordingly.

Support local!

B
This Panera is very close to my home. My husband and I go once a week for a coffee date. Sometimes I stop in to grab a smoothie. The food is very good quality. It is also pretty family friendly. I can often be found in a booth blogging and enjoying one of their great frozen mochas. There are a couple of negatives that keep this from being 5 stars. First, sometimes the counter service is just not that good. Lines can get long on the weekend. Also I wish they would come around and wipe down tables more. I always feel like I have to clean my own table.
Panera is great. Food is spectacular. However this location is horrible. Customer service is non-existant here. You are made to feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order or providing your food. go to another location or restaurant. This one is BAD!
Counter service was quick, but the sandwich delivery was a bit slow. Coffee and bagels were excellent and that why I go here. Those cinnamon crunch bagels with honey walnut cream cheese are crack! Yum!
I had a few hours to waste so I ended up here so I could enjoy some iced coffee while doing some work on my computer.  The iced coffee is pretty good here and I was impressed.  I like it more than the Starbuck's version.

I had my computer so I wanted to find a table with a accessible plug-in, but I tried two different areas and couldn't find any outlets.  What the heck? 

I did end up ordering lunch here too and that was just okay.  I had the Thai Chopped Chicken salad and just wasn't a huge fan of the dressing.
It's been a while since I've updated this review.  Morning service has definitely improved and been much more efficient...very nice!

Morning's and lunch are still quite busy.  If you're in a hurry, get here early...before 7 in mornings, or 11:45, at the latest, for lunch.  If you come during peak, you might find it difficult to get a place to sit.
I work fairly close to Panera and at first, I was excited to be so nearby, but after all the mediocre experiences and the last nail in the coffin, I won't be returning here.
I've always felt that the customer service here has been sub-par to the service I have received at most other Panera locations. Most associates have either seemed bored or snarky. But I can overlook this most times as long as I receive tasty food and drinks at a timely fashion.
This certainly did not happen on Valentines day, when I decided to use the very last bit of money I had to treat myself and get a Cappuccino. I had thought about stopping off at the McDonalds near my house, but I dislike Mickey Ds and wanted to use my money on something that I would enjoy.
When I walked in.....there was one cashier and many many customers. And about 5 employees scrambling around behind the cashier to get pastries for people (strange logic).
After waiting patiently for my turn for 10 minutes, I ordered a cappuccino with some sugar free vanilla syrup from a guy who acted a little short with me. Then I waited another 5 minutes for my drink and when the guy handed me my drink, I knew immediately that something was wrong because the cup had no weight to it.
I looked inside, stirred around trying to find espresso, but the cup was PURE FOAM.
I wasted almost $5 on a cup of milk foam. At this time, I was needing to hurry and get to work, so I tried to fix it and put some coffee in my cup, but all of the coffees were out except for the hazelnut. I didn't want the hazelnut, but there was no choice.
And that's it. I will never be back again. 

It pains me to say this, but I probably would have received a better drink (or at least a full one) and better customer service at Mc Donalds.
This is for service as this is my first experience at a Panera...visited this location at 730 AM as it's next to the hotel I was staying at.  Looked up the menu the night before  because I wanted something to eat before my flight out.  Wanted the "Pick 2" deal so ordered a panini and a broccoli cheese soup.  Response from cashier was, "Ee don't have soup right now."  Ok, would be nice if u explained why.  I can only assume soup isn't served until later.  Soup nazi?  Lol.  
As for the chipotle chicken panini it tasted good.  Nice amount of spice and still warm when I ate it back in my hotel room.
Oh Panera's....I always feel virtuous and healthy when I eat here, but in reality the breads are probably just as bad for me as a buger.  Oh well, the food is terrific and I always find a new soup to try.  Chocolate croissants and baguettes in the bakery are fantastic.  I hit this place up for lunch a couple times a month.  Yum. 5 stars.
Staff is very friendly. The place is clean and the food is good.
Staff was very friendly.  Food and coffee --- good as always.....
Food is good but the WiFi is HORRIBLE. Don't expect to get anything done at 56k.
Nice to see that Panera is the same here in Madison WI. Good quality food, very nice employees. This is a fairly busy location but they move people through rather quickly.
I'm giving this place 4 stars just cause I'm usually a fan of Panera bread. Especially their pecan rolls. 

Only downside though is this one does not have enough outlets! :( More outlets please.
I just starting really enjoy going to Panera Breads. I was originally not a fan of their food but thanks to my co workers, I really like dropping by for a nice lunch.

They have a large variety of foods to select from for all meals if the day and even snack. I am a fan of their strawberry chicken salad and Asian chicken salad. However, the only salad dressing I care for is the dressing that comes with the Asian chicken salad. I think the other dressings are far too tangy. 

This specific location is great because it's easy access for people who do not drive but leave in the area. There are plenty of buses that makes stops directly in front of the restaurant . One thing that I do wish for is them adding more outlets. I like to sometime  bring work and my laptop with me when I dine inside. However, thy have hardly any outlets for charging electronics.  Because of that, I often leave earlier than I would like because my battery starts to run low. This could be done on purpose from Paneras end because they don't want people to overstay their visit as finding seats can be problematic. They do offer free 2 hour service wifi. If too many people are connected, you may get booted or have extremely slow service.


I really would give them a 3 stars. I reserve  4 & 5 stars to high end restaurants only but I really do enjoy their food and beverages. Good spot!
I would give this place one more star if they didn't discontinue the IC Spice drinks. Grr. They were good.

This is a good place to get a cup of soup or a sandwich. Nothing fancy, but tasty none the less. I like being able to do a combo with basically whatever. It's nice to have options! Decent bagels, although it's best to go early in the morning to snatch those up. Good spreads to take along, too.
I work near this particular Panera, and as such, use them quite often to cater team meetings, lunches, and so on.  I've only dined inside at this location once, and it's just like any other Panera in the United States... tiled floor, beige walls, flurry of activity, noisy, and small, wobbly tables.

The food, like the atmosphere, is the same as you'll find at any other Panera.

The service and staff, however, are excellent - especially the catering folks.  I've quite honestly ordered from them more than 50-times in 2 years and have had nothing but positive experiences.  When I ask for delivery, the items are on-time, fresh, and perfect.  When I schedule a pick-up, my order is ready without fail.  To me, that's a huge, HUGE, benefit.  

The online ordering is simple, and when I feel like calling-in, they handle the order with efficiency and complete professionalism.  I can't share how refreshing this is... aside from a few of the area pizza chains, it seems as if no one else can handle a phone-in/online order for pick-up or delivery as well as Panera does.

So... if you're looking for exciting, unique, local food, look elsewhere.  But, if you're looking for some decent bagels, good sandwiches, solid coffee, and excellent catering/delivery/pick-up service, look no further.  Panera is your place.

Panera (on Junction Road) = WIN

Service = 5 stars
Food = 3.5 stars
Value = 3.5 stars
MISC = 5 stars (painless process)

Thanks to the fine folks at Panera - I really appreciate all that you do for me and the company I work for.  I know several dozen people from our group who use your services on a regular basis, and they are all grateful for the reliable help/service.
If you have any experience with Panera, this one is a nice example. No problems with the service or the food, and it's easy to get the nutritional information. I have had a few issues trying to get the wifi to work.
One time I left something behind there, and they kept it safe until I returned an hour later. So praise for them on that rare but valued service.
I'm here frequently for lunch because I work nearby. This location is mixed in with a bunch of other "quick eat" places nearby. Panera is always good but the different locations can be hit or miss. I will say that this place is in an extremely busy area. There are a lot of professionals who work in the area and it can get outrageously busy. I usually order for pick-up for lunch cause of time.

It becomes hit or miss here. Sometimes my food will be ready and sometimes they will have no record of it. I have ended up spending half my lunch time there just waiting for them to actually get it ready. Otherwise, food is ready and i'm in and out within 5 minutes. They recently renovated and have plentiful seating, there is no shortage of staff EVER and the bakery is fresh and stocked full with goodies. All-in-all, a great lunch spot and an exceptionally clean and quick location!
Excellent Panera location. Much fancier furnishings than most and the staff were particularly chatty and friendly. Fast service and yummy food. Win win win.
It's Panera.  They're the same everywhere.  They've spent millions on figuring out what we want, so they've basically figured it out.  It's pretty good, pretty cheap...  You know, I wish some local would come up with something better but what can I say?  I'm not going to force-feed myself crap just because I won't support some corp.  What can ya do?  It's good stuff...
We had breakfast & coffee at this location this morning (3 little kids & 2 adults)-amazing customer service and wonderful experience! Thanks Castia (sp?) for the Easter egg cookies!
As previously mentioned, my office is within a stone's throw of this place, so it's safe to say that I've been here 30-40 times since the last review. I usually grab an iced tea during the day; if I'm pressed for time at lunch, I'll grab a salad or something light.

+ Don't let the lines deter you; they'll get you in-and-out quickly
+ Cashiers are always friendly and helpful

+ Menu changes frequently, especially the special salads
+ Current favorite: Chicken Hummus Power Salad - it's quite tasty & very healthy
+ Solid chicken noodle soup; consistently good
- Items are a bit pricey (the aforementioned salad with a large iced tea is $10+)

+ I dig the new buzzer system that alerts you when your meal is ready
+ Great to-go containers
- Needs a little more waiting room/space; tends to back-up during rushes

+ Decent coffee
+ Good rewards program for frequent diners/patrons

+ Generally kept very clean
TL;DR: Average Food and atmosphere, lacking in customer service

I work nearby and occasionally patronize this Panera, most often for breakfast. 
Today I stopped in for lunch.

Food: The food is good. It is on par with Panera's usual output. There was nothing subpar or exceptional about it. I'm not going to go on at length about the taste/quality. If you've had Panera, you know what their food tastes like regardless of location. I chose the 'pick two' option and had a sierra turkey sandwich and french onion soup. 

Atmosphere: Again, average Panera. The dining area was picked up and clean, and even the floors were pretty clean given this is Wisconsin in the winter. Panera in general has a comfy atmosphere, and this location is no exception. 

Service: Here's where I deduct a star. The worker who took my order was very lacking in customer service. When I placed my order, she said to me 'French Baguette?'. Since I'm not a regular, I assumed she meant what type of bread I wanted for my sandwich (the menu states focaccia). When I said I'd like my sandwich on the focaccia, she seemed impatient and replied with 'yeah yeah, french baguette for a side?'. After providing my card for payment, there was no further interaction. no 'here's your receipt' or 'thank you'. In fact, before she even handed me my receipt she was asking the next customer if she could help them. (There was only 1 more customer in line, so not like there was a large line to attend to). What was really concerning is that her nametag said 'Associate Trainer'. Yikes! 
The next issue with service occurred at the pick up counter. I had been handed a buzzer that would be enacted when my order was ready. I stood waiting near the pick up line for my order. While standing there, I was audience to a very interesting conversation by the food preppers behind the counter about how dirty the towels they were using are. Yikes!!!  (It's a good think I know what goes on in most kitchens, or this would have turned my stomach. Still, this conversation shouldn't happen in earshot of customers!)
A paper bag was placed in the window and my buzzer went off. There was no indication of what was in the bag or whose order it was. Yes, I could have assumed it was mine, but how should I know if there isn't another person waiting for a to go order? I had to ask what the order was. Now, when I've stopped in a time or two for breakfast, the order contents are 'called out' so you know what the order is. But that didn't happen here. 

Overall, the food is what I expected from previous experience. The service was, however, lacking from my previous experiences.
Nothing negative about Panera.   Great food and service.   Just no free cookie....like the ones in the southwest!
I'm originally from St Louis, so I understand why I couldn't find St. Louis Bread Co...

I love the pecan rolls and coffee oh and wifi to read news. Place is very clean, I think the girl taking order was stressed that day. But no biggie I got my food fast and coffee was hot so no complaints.
I work across the street and I am in love with this place!  In addition to their fabulous sandwiches which are all on bread which is baked fresh daily, they have 8 different homemade soups that vary from day to day.  This place is also very inexpensive, half a sandwich (which may as well be a whole, its so big!) is only $5.  They also changed their hours so are open to 5pm each day.  You can also order bread for parties from them, and the bread is always made the day you buy it.  If you're in the mood for a sandwich or a hearty bowl of soup, this is the best place in Scottsdale!
I am disappointed.  I have been going for years but recently had a bad experience.  The staff was extremely unpleasant and the one girl was talking about my mom to other patrons in store.  I really don't get it.  If i had people working for me like that they wouldn't be employed by my company.  

They have the best tuna in town though and I am sad that I don't know when I will be back.
Great food!  Been going for many years and love the food.
I don't live or work near this place, but I make the trip from downtown Phoenix once in awhile because it is that good.  It's a good place to take friends because there's something delicious for everyone.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  There are only a few ingredients to choose from, nothing too fancy, but sometimes that's all you need.

I always get the veggie sandwich on rosemary bread, with chips and a pickle.  I crave this sandwich.

While this place is so delicious I go out of my way to drive there, I didn't give it 5 stars because there are some simple ways they could improve.  I don't like sodas or bottled drinks, and it would be nice if they offered some fresh drinks like juices or lemonades.  And they could keep the dining area a little cleaner.  I take it they are a bit understaffed because they are not always on top of that.

Overall, though, it's a must-visit place for sandwich lovers.
Hands down favorite sandwich shop in the greater Phoenix area.  

Aside from the sandwich's being fresh and fantastic, it is a family owned shop and the "mother/daughter" team is always on hand to take your order with a smile. 

What keeps me coming back for more?  1) The Monterey with side of Ruffles originals and a crispy dill pickle and 2) The punch card...double stamp Mondays make it all worth while!

If you haven't had a chance to stop by this quaint lil' place, I suggest you do!
I use Arizona Bread Company's Chili Cheese bread to make THE BEST savory french toast EVER! I use salsa for the "syrup" and sprinkle some roasted pumpkin seeds on top for a crunch. It's delicious!!
What a great local place!  I feel like Norm from Cheers every time I walk in the door (which is only 1x every 2 weeks or so).  The staff really makes an effort to get to know their customers by name.  The sandwiches are fresh and made to order with lots of veggies.  Their soups are unique and flavorful.  My favorites are italian stew and shepard's pie.  I like the nine grain bread but the chilly cheese is also yummy.  The portions are 
gi-normous.  I usually get HALF a sandwich and soup/salad...this lasts me 2 meals.   I'm pretty sure once you try it you'll never look at Subway the same again.
I just picked-up a loaf of souurdough and zuccini bread at the Phoenix Public Market. I am so impressed with the quality of the breads! The people who helped me at the market were also SUPER wonderful. I will certainly be purchasing more from this company in the future.
I enjoy going to the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings. I buy from a variety of different vendors, but Arizona Bread Company is always my first stop. I am addicted to the Kalamata Olive bread.  It never disappoints. I love it toasted with a little butter, or even as a sandwich. I also enjoy brushing it with some olive oil, cutting it up into squares, and toasting it to make croutons. They actually sometimes make it into my salads.  I highly recommend this and the other breads they offer.
I went in and had an egg salad sandwich, and my daughter had a turkey sandwich.  The sandwiches were okay, nothing stellar by any means.  It was a nice little sandwich shop, service was great, but my egg salad had hardly any flavor at all.  I had to pour the salt on to get some flavor to it.  The turkey was just standard sliced turkey, nothing special.  Long drive, would never go back.
Delicious Arizona chili and fresh bread heaven!
The wide variety of delicious soups and the sandwich creations on a choice of delicious freshly baked breads make this family owned shop a great place to stop by for a quick and tasty lunch.  We have been there numerous times and have had almost every kind of soup.  Never disappointed.
I love their rosemary bread!  I buy it every time I visit the farmers market.  So good!
I was sold at "fat free tuna fish." There aren't many sandwich shops that make tuna fish sandwiches with fat free mayo and yet it's so simple to do so! Luckily, Arizona Bread Company has this mastered and knows how to make a tasty tuna fish sandwich on their soft and delicious bread. 

Arizona Bread Company is simple in looks but their bread speaks wonders. It's freshly made, very soft and flavorful. I especially like that they have a variety of different breads to choose from. I even noticed a chili bread! The sandwiches here are good and it probably has something to do with the bread, which makes all the different in the world. The staff is friendly and fast and they have plenty of seating options inside the deli. This is a great lunch spot and one where you'll get in and out in no time...and with a good sandwich in your belly!
The soups here are sooooo good, better than mom's!  The garden vegetable is fantastic, it has a wide variety of vegetables in it, not just the standard. Their bread is also fantastic, I love the kalamata olive.
The AZ chicken salad was tasty, but very heavy in the mayo department. The bread I chose wasn't strong enough to handle the chicken salad and I had to eat my lunch in pieces. I loved the Italian rosemary bread. One issue, the customer bathroom is located through the kitchen. I just think it's weird you walk through the kitchen while employees are making food. I'd come back and probably try something different next time.
Love this place!  The AZ chicken salad is my favorite.  Been coming here for years!
Great small business where the service is efficient and friendly and the food is good. It's got some of the best bread to be found in the Phoenix area and the sandwich ingredients are always fresh. My fav is the Sedona- nice flavor with the green chilies and special AZ mayo grilled- mmm mmm! Been coming here for years and will continue to do so.
My favorite sandwiches in the world are from Arizona Bread! I have been going there at least 15 years and I am never disappointed. The bread is delicious and the meats are cut fresh in store. The meats are not thin cut deli (processed) meat but actual turkey breast sliced thick (for example). I moved away for college and always came back. Now I live in Ahwatukee and I try to schedule any appointments around lunch near the restaurant! They greet me by name and I think the portions are huge and so reasonable. I love this place!
I have been coming to ABC for years and I have never had a bad experience. It is a wonderful little sandwich shop and everything is always fresh! 

Skip the sandwich chains and go to ABC!
Somehow my order always gets screwed up. They have two kinds of chicken salad, but after some confusion over what was in each one, I thought that the chunky version was on the way. It wasn't and the regular stuff was just average and uneventful, like something at the cafeteria that gets scooped into your plate. Of course, the bread that it was on was great (olive) and it was a large sandwich. Otherwise, I had some soup a week ago and that was the highlight of this place. They have 8 homemade soups each day and even a soup hotline. The soup comes with two slices of your choice of bread. They also have holiday breads you can order and my Normandy Apple bread is on the way next week. parking lot is also currently under construction, so it is a bit messy to park now.
We love their breakfast for lunch on the weekends until 2pm.  The iced tea is good.  I like the ranch breakfast with 2 eggs, bacon or sausage, and lots of toast.  They also have bagels and are generous with the cream cheese.  The banana nut break is great.  Lots of salads and sandwiches available as well.  

Staff is very friendly and the owner likes to come chat with you.  Dogs are welcome on the patio and are given water.  It is a nice place for lunch!  You order at the counter and they bring your meal to you.
This place is great! Can't go wrong with the soups, salads, or sandwiches. The only complaint is that it can get a little pricier than similar places, around $10-$11 for a sandwich and small drink. I can't wait to try breakfast here!
FIRST: So I head this way because I read their menu through yelp and it said they had a veggie wrap that sounded good by how it was described on the menu that is presented on THIS page, and I go down there to the location provided on THIS page, when I get there I can't find the wrap on the menu and I'm told that "that is a different location in Tempe" although it was on the menu for THIS location with THIS address. At this point I'm already here and I'm hungry so I settle.

SECOND: I will give an "A" for Politeness and Speed, the woman was kind and pointed out a similar item on the menu to accommodate my needs, I order a veggie Sandwitch on Sourdough with Dijon mustard, a side of chips, and a pickle and it comes out to around $7.50, not bad.

THIRD: I get the food shortly after (granted it wasn't busy or anything) I would say like 5 min later not bad at all, and it's a very good size Sandwitch, a nice helping of ruffles, and two pickle spears, so as far as the amount of food I got it was worth the price.

FINALLY: When I bite in to the Sandwitch I can NOT taste the mustard it tasted like there was none, when I open up the Sandwitch it was some type of home made mustard (which is usually pretty good and exciting to try) but it wasn't a traditional mustard spread, it was some type of mustard seeds? It was very very bland, and then the SOURDOUGH bread (the bread being what this place is known for obviously) tasted NO different from regular White bread, I'm almost positive there was a mistake and I got white instead, all in all it was very filling, the staff was kind, and the food came quick, not to mention the price point was not bad at all, but the Sandwitch tasted identical to something I would have made at home at a smaller price point, it was mediocre at best, I would not go OUT of my way to come back but if I'm in a pinch and it's within a quarter mile of my location I might go back.
Yum, Yum and......did I say, "Yum!?" I've been here several times and have never been disappointed.  I met my girlfriend for lunch the other day, and as usual, the service was quick, the food good, (with large portions), and the cost very affordable.  I had the Sedona panini and it was really good! Definitely a "go-to" eatery!  Parking can be a little tight, just be careful!
Out of Towner, came for a late lunch on a recommendation.  Very jolly counter service, great upsell  on the home made queso (yummy).  Not so efficient on order taking, but it Was the guys first day.   Neither of our orders was right, but mine (basic ham and cheese etc)  turkey and cheese was on a DELICIOUSLY fresh Italian bread ,queso yummy.  Other sandwich with nothing she ordered looked yummy.  Pasta salad ok.
Note: the menu attached is wrong- not this restaurant but another with a similar name. People here are nice and food is simple but good- just be aware the linked menu is wrong (a fact the lady at the counter seemed frustrated by).
My husband and son took a class this morning at the Beginners Edge Sports Training location that happens to be in the same shopping center as this restaurant.  I knew they'd be hungry after the class and I wanted to hear about it, so my daughter and I met up with them afterwards at AZ Bread Company for an early lunch.  

It was empty when we arrived... we should have taken that as a sign.  The staff was not the friendliest and the atmosphere was drab.  We ordered and sat down... I grabbed a highchair for my son and noticed it didn't really seem clean.  My husband brought us cups of water but we couldn't drink them; they tasted awful. 

Our food arrived and it was nothing special either.  The pretzels we chose as a side were stale.  The salad and sandwiches we ordered were just average.  The sides of bacon and avocado that I ordered were decent, as was the apricot walnut bread.  My son didn't like the cookie he ordered for dessert.  

More people started coming in as we were leaving, and I noticed a decent looking soup served to another customer.  Perhaps that is the way to go?  Even so, there are so many great dining options in the Valley, I won't be rushing back.
The food was amazing, but the service was terrible. I got a sandwich to go. 15 minutes later, everyone that had ordered after me had received their food, so I went to the front and the kitchen asked if I was waiting for anything, I told them I was waiting on a sandwich and they told me I was not and they had no ticket for my sandwich, as she's telling me this, she is eating chips right in front of me while making my sandwich. The manager was very nice, gave me a free drink and apologized. Paying 9 dollars for a sandwich isn't worth it.
I go to this sandwich shop regularly. The size of the half sandwiches are outrageous. The owner Amy is always greeting customers and is overly friendly. I love the selection of bread and buy a loaf regularly. My favorites for toast with honey? Apricot Walnut or Cranberry Orange. Also, the soups are great but I gotta wait till the cool weather returns.
I like me a good salad.  I like me a good salad that I've constructed.  I like me a good salad bar.

Souper Salad's not bad, but this location definitely has some room roe improvement.  My co-workers and I make sure to show up as early as possible because we've learned that the later in the day you go, the more wilted everything is, especially the lettuce.  Sometimes, they forget to refill the items and it's invariably that one thing you NEED to make your salad perfect.  They do have a pretty good selection of toppings and a lot of health conscious dressings.

Their soups are bad.  I've tried a bunch hoping that one would be good because, hey, who doesn't like a good soup?  I've never once ate more than a couple of bites.  They're either too watery or too thick and never really taste like the kind of soup they're supposed to be.

The baked potato bar kicks butt.  But that's because messing up a baked potato isn't easy.
When I was a hungry student on the go, also on a limited budget, Souper Salad was my spot for a quick bite. It isn't the greatest quality, being a salad bar and semi-buffet, but it's cheap and fast...and they have Dr. Pepper. Oh yeah, baby...the close proximity to campus was also a plus. Be sure to bring cash though for a tip, they don't give cash back or have an atm machine.
Going to UNLV you can either eat on campus which is gross, or eat at chipotle or seven eleven....Get in your car and drive down the street and your options are a little more open.
Souper Salad is right on the corner of Maryland and Flamingo and it is an option for an inexpensive lunch quickly. The quality is not great and there are other options around the same area that are I think more of a value, but great for its purpose.
EW! it's a $6 buffet BUT so bland and boring.

I got a FREE Buffet for my birthday for signing up with the E-Club so despite past experience I went.

Yeah people will disagree and say its good for the money BUT  I don't like my food all dried out and cristy or saltless soup or a bunch of mixed salads I've never even heard of.

I ate some FRESH cheese biscuits a bowl of soup and then it was ice cream and strawberry shortcake for me.

If your broke its ok otherwise.....
The main -- and huge -- advantage of this place is that it's way healthier than other fast food options.  I think the variety is pretty good too.  For the price, I don't think it can be beat.  

My parents go once a month or so, and I'm glad they choose this over various other possibilities. A good place for kids too.

The one negative thing is the high salt content in the soups.

Today was my first visit, but I'll be back.
Had lunch. Best price for the quality of salad bar and soups. I mean, if you know you are paying 7.00 for all you can eat. I didnt see anything that was scary looking as in freshness. They had soup (4), nacho fixin's, breadsticks, and dessert. Great price for what you get...
Years before, it used to be good here. The quality has gone down quite a bit. The salads were really good; especially the thai noodle salad, the foccacia bread was excellent, and the blueberry muffins were scrumptious.

The most recent visit, there was a fish tacos promo (I think, by now, you know that I love fish tacos, right?)- in the windows, in the circulars, so we went out of curiosity. What a disappointment. Remember that old Wendy's commercial with that old lady asking "Where's the beef?"- yeah we were asking "Where's the fish?" It was like little tiny bits of fish- could've been the remainder of the last batch, I don't know. 

Yeah, it's cheap, but not worth it. Would rather go to Sweet Tomatoes- even though it's way across town for us- it's like gourmet, and so many yummy options, compared to this one- it's sad, it used to be really good. 

Honorable mention: the make your own strawberry shortcake dessert.
Innovative...its salad that isn't healthy lol...but it's good for my wallet so...I'll be coming again
Ok, its a buffet style soup and salad place, so if you were expecting the words "delicious", "amazing", or "gourmet", than I'm sorry, lil' fella, cause this isnt that kinda joint!
Ok, maybe amazing... you know whats amazing, two people eating in a public restaurant, in Las Vegas, until they are FULL, for under 30.00  dollars!! Yeah, in Vegas, baby!  
Given, the soup tasted like college, you know, pretty much pure sodium, served fresh out of the microwave? But I like that, call me crazy.
The salad bar was decent, no complaints from me here, nothing "big-ups" either, though.
The server/hostess was nice, and the bathroom was REALLY clean.
I give it for stars, for value, surprise factor, and friendliness... 
Cheers!
  dRe'
I use to go here at least 4 times a month....well to my surprise I went the other day and the place has been shut down no notice no letter stating if they relocated nothing.
Oh, yum yum yum yum yum. What could be better than a sweet, lightly crunchy cinnamon crunch bagel with freshly made hazelnut cream cheese and a fresh, steaming cup of coffee to start your morning? Or a freshly grilled turkey, bacon, cheddar, and sun dried tomato sandwich for lunch, with a Jone's soda to wash it down?

I love Panera Bread (or as I call it, "Pantera Bread," 'cuz I'm so hardcore like that) so much. It's clean, comfy, it smells like coffee, and the food is the best. Sometimes, at lunch and dinner, there can be quite a line, but it's always worth it if you have the time to stick around. Oh, and if you need bread, their Country Loaf is always a good choice.
Don't get me wrong, I like Panera Bread but it seems like the food doesn't taste as good the more I eat there. The soups are fantastic and the bread is pretty good too. I'm not a fan of the sandwiches. They have too much condiments on them and the bread gets soggy quickly. I do have to say that the customer service is great, and they always have patience with people who can't make up their minds.
A great hang over cure..

I love this place, and walking in is so inviting. So I love the chipotle chicken sandwich. And it fills you up quick. That and a bottle of Jones soda pop makes it complete. Screw normal fastfood, this place is awesome.
This is what you get when you combine Starbucks+food+variety of both = Panera Bread! I loved the place! I tried the cuban panini with Tai tea! to die for! Green ice tea and coffee are great too! This is the perfect place to hang out with friends an dhave a good bite! Totally recommend it!!!
I've only been to Panera Bread once before since there aren't any in my area both at home nor where I go to school, but the last time I had Panera Bread, I enjoyed it so when I saw that the plaza my family and I stopped at to have lunch on our way home from our vacation had a Panera Bread, I immediately suggested that we go there.

The experience I had at this particular Panera Bread was really great. I loved my Fuji Chicken Salad. I'm usually very particular about my meat, but I loved the chicken in my salad. I also loved how they put apple chips in the salad as well. Also, even though I love cheese, I sometimes find feta a little overpowering, but in this case they didn't add too much and it worked really well with everything else in the salad. I also tried some of my sister's macaroni and cheese, which I liked as well.

I was very impressed by the service we got. The people behind the registers and our servers were all very friendly. The manager also came and checked up on us as we were finishing up our meal and offered to take our plates for us!

It's a pity I don't live closer to any Panera Bread locations... Otherwise, I'd be going a lot more!
The people are nice i like the food need more organic options
I use to love this place for soup.  Now I find their soups are thin and never served very hot.  My wife took her soup to the microwave to get it so it was hot.  The staff is great and helpful but the quality of the food has really slipped.  I have tried several times and same bad results.  I guess it is time to find a new soup place.
Love this place for breakfast and lunch. The food is good and service is friendly. Only complaint is the cashiers have a hard time with specialty coffee drinks above your generic coffee. On the plus side, they bring you food and drinks to your table and even offer pick up your mess when you are done.
good for what it is - soup, salad, sandwhich.

i like the breakfast power sandwhich - it's basically an expensive egg mcmuffin with ham. i think i'm gonna just go to mcdonald's next time.

their pastries are nearly always really dry
This place is really having issues and it's crazy dirty.  The food has just plummeted, my sandwich had one little piece of steak on it, it was so pitiful, I was just speechless.  A friend of mine has severe allergies to cheese and soy, she told them this, and still put cheese on her salad.  I got a peek of the area where they prepare the food, it was a mess!  I was thinking twice about ordering, but I was starving and my friends were already eating.  I've seen cleaner bathrooms at truck stops.  It's just disgusting!
I'm a fan of Panera Bread in general. They're good for an alternative to Quiznos or Subway. It *seems* like you're eating a little healthier as well, but I won't hold my breathe on whether or not that is actually true. 

This particular one can get super packed, but I was there today right around lunchtime on a Saturday and my friend and I didn't wait at all to get our orders in. 

I like that they have people who come around and take your plates from your table when you're done. Also, I am a HUGE fan of the chips they serve with their sandwiches. Extra crunchy and tasty! My go-to sandwich is the Ceasar Salad Sandwich and I always get it with half the cheese they normally put on it. The romaine lettuce always has a snap and the tomatoes and red onions are always rockin'. 

Overall Panera is a good stop for a quick lunch or if you're hankering for a sammich and you just want to go for an old stand-by.
Went back for second try it is was great!  The soups were hot and service was fast.  The manager fix a minor problem with the bill.  Over all great improvement!
I am not really sure why, but I had never been to a Panera Bread before this past weekend. I was going to the mall to return an item and had a rumbly tummy, so I decided to give them a try... 

My tuna salad sandwich was basic, the best part was the honey wheat bread... I guess I should have expected as much considering where I was eating! The tomato soup was better, I really enjoyed the croutons that came in it. My iced chai latte was excellent, but rather small for the price... 

Overall it was an ok lunch experience. I found Panera to be on the pricey side for what they offer, so I am unsure how quickly I will return.
Had a quick breakfast here and it's much better than places like Einstein's for a comparable price.  I had a coffee and a cinnamon bun and both were good.  Would come back!
Great breads and sandwiches.  I don't have too much to say about Panera.  I visit occasionally for a sandwich and they have not disappointed.  I have never gotten any soups or even stayed to eat so I can't comment on dine-in service.  The staff is willing to recommend sandwiches and offer opinions if you ask.  If you are looking for a well made sandwich on fresh delicious bread, I don't think you could go wrong here.
Yummy.
I love the breakfast Souffles - check em out.
 If you dont have a local Bakery/ Deli this is the next best thing. The food is not great but it is strong. And, the bread is good/fresh. I mean it does have bread in the name so it better be. I agree with other posters that the price tilts towards the pricey side. But Ill pay for a little bit of quality vs a plate load of crap.
Another trip to Vegas and another visit to Panera Bread.  Unfortunately, nothing new to report.  Service was friendly, attentive, and quick while the soup (chicken stew) and sandwich (Mediterranean Veggie) were excellent as usual.  One of these days, I'll try the salad but in crisp (but not actually cold) autumn weather, their delicious soup is an awesome way to warm up.
So fresh and delicious!
Really like it here! I love the counter where  you place your order. It's very open, and you are not all crammed in with other people. Theresa took our order, and she was super friendly and outgoing.
Awesome customer service everytime I've been here. The broccoli cheddar soup inside the sourdough bread bowl is my favorite. It's the best I've ever had, even the kids love it. CONS: It can get a bit pricey depending on what you order (still totally worth it tho).. & No high chairs or booster seats for children at this location.
Not too bad if you have to stop and get a snack.  The food is alright but a little pricey for my taste.. not saying it's uber expensive, but there are other grubs in the area that would rather mosey on over to instead of Panera.  What I do like is the fresh lemonades they have.  Usually pretty tart and not overly sweet, I find myself getting just this when I stop by rather than something to eat.

The bread is tasty but not tasty enough to draw me in very often.. ok grubs for an ok lunch at a little-over-ok price.
I like Panera Bread and have for years. Their Pick 2 menu option has become my favorite as I can basically split my order to have a hot sandwich and a cold Italian Combo or toss in soup if I want it. Service is typically a cut above many of the places I go, typically friendly and with a lot of smiles. Pricing, yeah its not cheap, and portion sizes are not huge. But I prefer quality over quantity and I find that here. 

I avoid the Cinnamon rolls and brownies because they are so good. 4 Strong Stars.

Oh and they have Iced Chai Tea that is the closest I've found to what is served at Burning Man'
YUMMY!!!! Can't go wrong with Panera. The thing that urks me most is the single door entrance/exit...this place needs double doors with all the people going through it!
We have had good and bad customer service experience at this Panera location, but the food is always tasty!
I've been a regular at any Panera that is close to or on my way to work.  I worked close to this location and went for lunch/dinner and sometimes breakfast at least a few times a week.  The managers and employees will learn your order if you are a regular, and they always make it a point to strike up conversation.  There isn't a single thing on the menu that you can go wrong with at any Panera, and with everything made on-site, and daily leftovers going to local food banks, you feel good about eating at what is essentially a fast food chain, when you get down to it.

Good food, great atmosphere, wonderful staff at all locations, and their fresh brewed tea (unsweetened) is a personal addiction of mine.
Me and my husband stop in one of are day dates. The food was great the customer service was wonderful. This was few weeks ago. The best thing we are first time customer.
This place is wonderful I had not been to Panera in about 3 years. I use to go to the one located in Saint Louis every other day. I am addicted to Panera and as of today I recall why. The food here is very healthy and when you leave you will be full. I give this five stars because its really going to keep me on track with eating healthy. The quick service and its very clean what more do you need out of life. OMG they should give me my own parking space. I wonder do they do that? Yes when I pull up in front a space marked Sam's space only. Giggles A girl can dream. But I must go I'm off to Panera I've made myself hungry.
There present special of the turkey sandwich with apples in it was unique and good. Never disappointed with anything I get a Panera and neither will you.
My friend brought me here go hang out. It's a really nice place to hang out. It was my first time here and I've never heard of it. I looked up on yelp to see what was popular. I saw the broccoli cheddar soup seemed to be popular so I ordered that in a bread bowl and I was reallllly craving a strawberry banana smoothie...bit they only had strawberry smoothies so I ordered that. 
I don't think this is a good place for me because I HATE bread. The soup was good but not great like everyone here is saying. I couldn't eat the bread bowl it was too hard. The smoothie was delicious but it was 10 dollars all together. Didn't like that. 
Not sure if anything else is great but I don't really like sandwiches either so I doubt I'll ever be coming back. Don't see how it's popular or has such a good rating.
Wonderful salads and super for calorie counting!! Always a nice place to get a good meal that is consistent.  Can't go wrong with the food or atmosphere.
I was really disappointed.  I had heard so many nice things.  My friend suggested the turkey sandwich on three cheese bread.  It was horrible...soggy bread, barely any meat, a half piece of bacon and one slice of yellow cheese.  After each eating a half of our sandwiches we told the manager, that we were really disappointed...he graciously offered to remake.  He brought us each a 1/2 of a sandwich (Really??? cheap ass!!!).  But it was no better.  and he never came back to see if we liked.  So we left them.

It was also almost $30 for two sandwiches and two large drinks.  Again, Really????

I hear the bread is great.  Will have to stick to that if I return.
The food is amazing and they have great prices. I also liked how all staff members were fully knowledgable about all the items on the menu.
Love the Pick 2 lunch option! You get the best of both worlds by choosing two items from the soup, salad and sandwiches. It's plenty of food for a lunch break and all of their prices are very reasonable.
I recently discovered this sweet lil place! The food was yummy, the store was beautiful, and I loved how they offered any baked good for 99 cents when you purchase a meal. I will definitely be taking my husband here! very fresh food! ps. the broccoli cheddar soup was amazing! ;)
I came here for take out, I ordered the chicken tortellini Alfredo with chicken noodle soup, also got the roast turkey wheat berry salad, granted I didn't realize when I got home my soup wasn't there, but I called, and got top service, offered to upgrade for the bigger soup size, everyone is pleasant and all smiles, would recommend this place for sure
If there was any way i could give this place a quarter of a star i would. I have never had such a terrible experience with to go order before. today was my 4th time that i received the wrong menu item because the employees here can't simply read a printed receipt. i wish there was another one in this area. This place is awful...
I have no shame in saying how much I love Panera!  I have always preferred Panera's coffee over Starbucks & I only wish they would open smaller stores so I could have it more often.  I love their rewards card too - I usually get a free item of sorts every couple of months.  Not only is the food high quality but they also have delicious baked goods, smoothies, etc - something for everyone.  The employees are always super friendly too!
This place was good. Fast service. Half sandwich half soup is the way to go. Reasonbly priced.
This location is always clean and the staff members are great. I have been coming here for years now and despite several staffing changes they are always friendly and consistent. You really can't go wrong with most of the menu items and pastries. The Bacon Turkey Bravo is among my favorites; served on tomato basil bread with a mildly sweet crust. Delicious! They also have great options that are well portioned for kids. My son loves the white macaroni and cheese. If you are crazy about iced tea, the black tea that they brew is probably the best among similar food outlets... it really is just right.
I love this place! Good, clean, quick, and consistent. I love a grilled cheese with tomato soup and they have the best! Just right not too much.
Better ran than the one in GVR.  Had to get the cashiers attention TWICE.  Right in the middle of taking the order he gets distracted and watches his coworker(s).  

Kid bussing tables was on the ball last night.  Make him the manager of the GVR store.
Just went to this location they suck this sucks I'm so angry it makes me want to holler for help...look at the picture do u see the raw bacon because I see raw bacon and do u see cheese I asked for 2 different kinds of cheese nope not a lick of cheese now I have to turn around and go back ahhhh never again will I get food to go at this location because they can't be trusted with to go orders
The food is good, but don't try to call in a lunch order- they are too busy to take an order for lunch at lunch time! I guess I will stop trying to eat lunch at this location. I have never had this problem at any other Panera...
Severely over priced for what you get. $4.20 for a PBJ sandwich? Really? Never coming again.
Went in tonight at 8:36pm.  Everything shut down and no one working.  One employee actually walked past us taking off his apron.  No one stopped to wait on us.  Everyone was in the back goofing off or something.
Ok, when a place screws up 4 times, it warrants a pretty crappy review lol. I've been here more than 4 times, but honestly the last two times they forgot to put part of my order in the to-go bag.

I was there today and asked twice if everything was in the bag. My fault for not checking myself, but it seriously doesn't take rocket science to read an order, make it, and put everything in the bag especially if there are 2 PEOPLE working on your order. 

When I called the place to let them know of their mistake, they tried to have me come back to pick it up. Ok, this is why I really feel that there are some pretty incompetent people working there. WHY WOULD I COME BACK IF I ORDERED TO-GO? Clearly there is a reason why I ordered take-out and there was no way to come back based on my time! When I explained this to the manager, he tried to instead just take my name down so that when I come back at a later time, I can get a free sandwich. Again, no, this has happened before and when I went back that time, there was no record of my name. So, after explaining that to the manager, I just told him I wanted to refund the missing order. He finally refunded it and we'll see if it shows up in the next couple of days.

My girlfriend also got sick from the sandwich she had. Funny thing is that she had said the ham on her sandwich smelled a bit funny. Sure enough, 3 hours later she was having severe abdominal cramping and vomited.

Pretty sure I will NEVER visit this Panera Bread location again.
One of my favorite spots. It's super clean and staff is always friendly and quick to offer help. I came here a lot after I got my wisdom tooth pulled to indulge in their soups since my diet was limited. Only negative is that it is a little pricey. However, I get a good deal from time to time by using my Panera card.
As a Panera first timer, I was a bit stressed out with all the options (everyone hates being the new person holding up the line), but everyone, especially mike, was so helpful! They gave us additional menus, they let us sample their different breads, their chips, their drinks, and they even threw in free drinks to accommodate my stressful nature. And when asked why they were all so nice, they laughed in surprise. Before even trying the food, the customer service of his place has me hooked.
This place sucks so bad!!! Who wants to pay 15.00$ for half a sandwich and half a soup??! Not only was it 15.00 for no food, but the sandwich had no taste, it was so plain--meat, cheese and lettuce. If you want a sandwich Go to Cafe Zupas, Subway or even home!! I have been here once and I will never eat here again..
I was looking for a place to eat after a long weekend of eating BBQ so I decided to stop at Panera bread to get one of theirs summer salads. It was like I hit the jackpot the place was not busy like it usually was and I ordered the avocado cobb salad. The salad was delicious and big enough to fill my belly. comes with feta cheese, hard boiled eggs, bacon, romaine lettuce and I believe cobb dressing. 

They have a good  different supply of ice tea flavors that most places do not carry. I was also impressed with the manager who was attentive to the customers even though it was not busy. I mean he could have just sat back and chilled but he was helpful and involved with the customer. Thanks for a great visit I will return
I like Panera, but this is the filthiest Panera I have ever been to, when I travel for work I usually hit Panera for breakfast so I've probably been to 15 deferent locations this year some in airports..... Even they wipe their tables, however this one in my home town has filth cakes everywhere
Yum Yum. Have the fontina grilled cheese. It is a amazing.
Panera is always an easy choice when I want a quick sandwich, salad, or soup, but I especially love coming here in Summer because the strawberry poppyseed salad is my favorite!  The only drawback...Pepsi products!  Good thing their iced tea is fresh.
For being a chain they have really tasty and fresh food. Although being a little salty, the Italian combo is a very light and flavorful sandwich. I like to do the "You Pick Two" and get a 1/2 sandwich with a soup. The lemon chicken something soup is really tasty & it's always a treat when they have their tortilla soup. One thing great about this location is the service. They are always happy, welcoming and a pleasure to order from.
I'm giving them three stars, because my favorite soup is back on the menu!  It is the Summer Corn Chowder and I hate it's only available a couple of months, because it's so good.  The staff seems friendly enough.  However, the place is always filthy.  I can never find a clean table.  The floors always need attention.  The chairs and booths are never cleaned out well.  I got the Pick 2, and the soup did not disappoint.  However, i got the Tomato/Mozzarella Panini, and it was not very good.  There wasn't a whole lot of Mozzarella in it.  It could use some basil or arugula.  I've been in a few Panera locations lately, and they seem to follow this same M.O.  Corporate really needs to address the cleanliness of their stores.  Also, it advertised Free Wi-FI, but yet I could not find an available Wi-Fi connection.  Glad the soup is back, and that made the visit decent, but it could have been SO much better.

I changed my star rating to 1 today, as I believe they gave me food poisoning.  I've been sick at my stomach all day, and that's the only thing I ate.  Needless to say, I won't be back to this location.  I should have known that if the dining room is filthy, odds are the kitchen/prep areas will be treated with the same care, or lack there of.
Looking for a good lunch on the Square, Kate and I stopped in The Local this afternoon.  102 King Street has been home to several establishments over the last couple of years and while the detached dining room still feels off, the bar is great.  Great selection of beers on tap and in the bottle and a tasty lunch menu full of some pretty filling sandwiches.  My crawfish hoagie was fantastic; spicy and on a great roll.

It's a smidgen on the pricey side (my crawfish was $9) so it might not be you go-to place for a quick bite but with the good food & pleasant service, it's all right by me. 

Dinner there remains a mystery.  However, rumors of Southern Americana fare will surely draw me back.
I'm just judging this place on the drinking atmosphere alone, but it fails. It's too hot, too crowded, and does not provide nearly enough space to breathe. On top of that, they stopped carrying Capitol Island Wheat brew, one of my favorite midwestern beers, but offered Golddigger instead. The ladies' bathrooms are hard to find and there's nothing special about the decor.
Food? What food?

This is a good place to relax and have a drink, or nine. Its just a tavern. A Central Wisconsin tavern. Its not fancy. The bar tenders are friendly, the drinks are strong, what else can one want?
Great pub for grabbing a couple brews. The barkeeps are friendly, and the atmosphere is warm, dark and familiar - everything you want a pub to be.
I've only been here for drinks.  Their beer selection is nothing to write home about -- it's missing some Madison staples. (No Leines, as well as various favorite Capitol Brews, but there is Spotted Cow.) However, I have always had friendly service and a good time.
The 4-7 happy hours is definitely something I can take advantage of. I like the location, and sitting outside with drink to relax after work is pretty nice. I had a casual dinner with my friend on Monday night. The place was not busy, but not too deserted, either. The sole server wasn't handling the crowd too well, and we struggled a little to get his attention for the check. The food lacks the quality. I was expecting something better after reading a review on Madison magazine, but my fascination was rudely taken away when the nachos (I don't even know why my friend ordered this) came out with cold solidified cheddar cheese.  My salad was underwhelming, too.
As soon as I walked in to the dining area, I noticed how stuffy the place was and why -- the windows don't open! Lucky for us, we were able to get a table on the patio for lunch.

Once sat, it took far too long to even get acknowledged by the server. So minus one star for that.
 
My burger was pretty good, but only because the beef in it was outstanding and perfectly cooked. The lack of even the most basic accouterments; e.g. pickle, tomato, and lettuce, though left it pretty underwhelming. When I grill burgers at my house or even at a tailgate, they're better dressed than this PB&J of burgers. Minus one star.
Right off the square* (or is that on? the square?) Local Tavern is a relatively recent arrival on the downtown bar scene.  If you're looking for a relaxed place to get a beer with some friends then you'll like it.  Not too college-y, and not too local-y (you know, the kind of place where regulars scowl at your from behind a pint and a shot of jager while they root for the Brewers), it's just right.  Crowd on a typical weekend night is mid-20's early 30's young professionals and academics.

I suppose the beer selection is good, but I'm a consistent cheap beer drinker, so I can tell you've they've got Schlitz, PBR, and Old Style.   

I've never tried the food, but I can't imagine it's either that good or that bad.  Local Tavern is really a bar with a seating area.  Sure, it's larger than your usual seating area, but, mainly, it's a bar.  

Not bad.

*For you non-Madisonians, the Square is the center of the Isthmus where the Capitol is located, which is the tallest building downtown - I think.  You've seen it in all the pictures.  It's really quite pretty late at night in winter.  Big, illuminated, looming over this sleepy upper midwestern college town and state capital.
We've always had good luck at the Local Tavern, whether for drinks at night or a quick lunch. Friendly and prompt service, good food. Overall a well-managed place.
A decent place to sit after work and have a few drinks, they are reasonably priced too. The menu is fairly limited but the very tastey food nonetheless. Sitting outside is definetly recommended as doesn't offer much for views and can get crowded, resulting in slower service or neglect from the bartener. 
The Local is a good place to go and relax to get some cheap drinks!!
Good location at the top of King St, with outdoor seating and reasonably friendly waitstaff.  I generally order a very specifically-crafted cocktail, sorry folks, I know what I want and how I want it, and the drinks come out just as requested.....when they finally arrive.  I don't know why but the service here has moved at a glacial pace the last few visits.  

And yet, we keep going back, so that's good for something.
this bar provides some much-needed relief from the frat boy scene around the square. the bartenders and waitstaff are friendly, they have a good selection of beer, it's never packed and they're always playing great music. something about this place feels like home to me, as cheesy as that sounds - it's not too bright, not too loud, there's a johnny mnemonic pinball machine (wtf?) and the decor is great - well worn and divey without being gross.

the food leaves a bit to be desired (not great, not terrible), but i think everything else makes up for it.
Up until today this bar would have received a 5, just for their Friday Happy Hour alone.  They used to have $1.50 PBR and Schlitz, and free wings and snacks.  Well, there must be new owners, because that's gone.  PBR is no longer $1.50, and the Schlitz and wings/snacks are no more.  This was our regular Friday spot, but we will be searching for a new place.  This place was crowded by 5:00 on a Friday, but was dead today.  I wonder why...
I like The Local. Busy enough to not be boring, but not so crowded I hate my life. Reasonably priced drinks, and a fair selection. Their rail drinks tend toward the strong.

I went in with a group for lunch today, and saw that they had a new menu. They used to have dressed up American staples, like burgers, an amazing potato salad, fried pickles, and the delicious Boozy Peach Tart. Their menu today was one page and took on a gourmet tack - beef tenderloin sandwich, beet salad, lamb sliders.

Nothing really struck my fancy, so I ordered the tomato soup. It was really spicy, and very delicious. However, I'm going to be kind of bummed if they've abandoned their fairly cheap, not-shitty versions of bar food. The appeal of The Local was that it was an unpretentious, urban version of a small-town bar. 

I'll happily keep coming back for drinks (unless they've also jacked up their bar prices), but my interest as a dinner spot is no more.
I've been to the local several times in the past year and recently went on a Friday night.  Recently they changed their menu to a limited selection of like 8 items.  I was in a mood for a burger but the burgers have been dropped (which is a little odd since it is a "tavern").  I had the pan seared Wally sandwich and my wife had the portabella  sandwich.  Both were excellent.  They use to have Schiltz and PBR on tap but that is gone now too...  If the Old Fashion is packed (which it typically is) I'll be heading to the Local!
I really wanted to like the Local Tavern, I really really did. The setting looks fantastic and the beer selection is always a great assortment. However, the prices are outrageous and there NEVER seems to be a special available. Even worse, the bartenders have always been lackluster and an irritable crowd. The coup de grace came this weekend when they decided to charge a bigger tip to my card than the one I had written. Something tells me I won't miss the 4.50 beers much.....
We don't have Panera in Phoenix, so getting to eat at one is a treat.  I had a huge salad of walnuts, strawberries, blueberries and other fruits on a bed of romaine and it was fabulous!  It came with a big hunk of fresh bread too.

Simple and good.  I wish I could eat there more often.
I love their cinnamon crunch bagel and soon to try the chicken salad sandwich. so fresh and inexpensive.
I like this place.  They have a great selection of healthyish foods for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Their selection includes pastries, sandwiches, soups, salads, wraps and beverages like coffees and teas.  The staff was all very friendly.  I ordered a chicken soup and salad combo and when the server found me he told me he thought my soup might have gotten cold, so he brought me a new one.  I thought that was very kind.   It's a large cafe with comfy sofas and chairs to lounge in.  They also have internet access if you want to bring you laptop in.  It's bright, clean and airy.  The bread is yummy.
The goods them self are great, but the customer service isn't.  The employees where flirting and playing grab ass while there was a line almost out the door  My mil ordered 2 bagel packs and when I went to pick them up, they didn't have her order. Well the order was there, but under Rita not Laura.  I asked for them to double check that everything was there and they did, but when I got home my mil noticed that they didn't put the cream cheese in.  Back to Panera I went.  I just skipped the line and went to the girl that rang me up (She was making coffee at the time).  
I think next time I'll have my mil tell me what she ordered so I can double check it myself.
If you love bagels, definitely hit up Panera.  My favorites are their cinnamon toast crunch and asiago cheese!  The cinnamon toast crunch is really popular, so come early or else they may be out of it.  So so so yummy!  Their sandwiches and soups are pretty good, too.  Another plus, is their free Wi-Fi.  It's a great place to study on a weekend!
The sandwiches are very tasty here or should I call it paninis. Either way the light crunchiness of the bread complements any and all of the meat and cheese combinations. The soups are not bad. The different types of bread can make one go crazy in choosing. Either way this place is great.
P-Bread as it's called in my inner circle is a nice little Panini/Sandwich restaurant/bakery around the Las Vegas are.

Most locations offer fresh bread and pastries daily that tend to be excellent.  They usually offer WIFI and make a great place to grab a casual/business lunch.
Unlike the locations back in Texas, the Iced Green Tea at this location is served to you and you cannot get any refills, unless you want to pay full price for another glass of it. The food is typical Panera, but the lack of free refills on the Green Tea somewhat frustrated me. 

I have a love/hate relationship with Panera because some of their samdwiches are unique, but their overall prices are much higher than other delis and you end up leaving there with a bill similar to eating at a sit down casual restaurant.
free Internet! i love bread.. what can i say, they have good bread.
I usually the pick two meal deal. You can pick two choices between the cafe salads, soups and cafe sandwiches. The signature salads and signature sandwiches are about $.80 more than the cafe. 

I got the broccoli cheddar soup and the caesar salad. Their broccoli cheddar soup is sooo delicious! Not the thick goopy gunk I get from Einstein Bagels. It has carrots in it and is more of a soupy consistency. The caesar salad was okay. It was topped with Assiago cheese and their own homemade croutons. The boyfriend got the greek salad, topped with red onions, kalamata olives, peppercini pepper with greek dressing. I should have gotten that one too! He also got the turkey mesquite sandwich which I had gotten the last time we went there. 

This time around we got the mango smoothie and the frozen strawberry lemonade! I didn't care much for the mango smoothie. It tasted more like bananas to me than mango, but my boyfriend didn't think so. The frozen strawberry lemonade was nice and tangy and extremely refreshing on this hot and surprisingly humid day! 

They also have freshly baked bread and other treats like bear claws, muffins, cookies, etc. I have not tried any of their baked goods yet.
I have not been to Panera in about 2 years. The last time I was here I used the WiFi and got a virus on my laptop. Which was horrible & costly to fix. So I figure enough time has passed & I missed the good food so I stopped in with my step daughter and our kids. We both ordered a soup & sandwich combo. We both had creamy tomato soup which was so yummy. My daugter also enjoyed her veggie sandwich. I had the italian which was ok. The bread was the highlight not the meat. I also had a yummy latte. The boys split a grilled cheese..which looked kinda boring. But whatever..it was for the kids. Our bill was 25 bucks so not that bad since we all left full and happy. I will not wait another 2 years to visit again..but I will never use their WiFi again.
Its so cozy here, perfect place to stop and clear my head before a hard days work!  Usually they have someone walking around with souflee samples, i was out of luck today :( Panera bread is at the top of my list for interesting & hearty soups plus they have a mean sweet selection.  I am into the tasty coffee cake! 
I heart this place so much, i am able to give them a good review, eventhough my multi colered hair cashier was a complete NINCOMPOOP!
If I'm eating carbs , this is my mecca. OK yeah they do have a few healthy options here but like most "healthy" things they do taste terrible. I've tried to dine here while dieting and always end up cranky with how bland and boring my food is. That being said, when I'm throwing calories and caution to the wind - this is a great spot to get your food on. 

I have a special fondness for the egg souffles they serve at breakfast time. They are incredible and one of my favorite indulgences. The one closer to my house in the District always seems to either be out of these or I've even had times where they forgot to put them in to bake in the morning (WTF). This panera always seems to be well stocked. 

For dinner the salads are good, the new mac and cheese is BOMB, and I love most of the sandwiches. The bummer on the sandwiches is most of the healthly sounding ones (tomato basil panini, or sierra turkey) are absolutely terrible in the calorie/fat/carb department and honestly not worth it most of the time. The egg souffle on the other hand I will forsake any diet for any day ! I do love that they've put all their calorie counts up on the board for all to see - yay it's like NY or California ! 

I love the pick 2 combo (2 mini items is so much more fun than 1 big one, right?), and I love the variety. My only request for you Panera (because I'm sure you're reading this!) is why the hell can't you have lobster bisque?? You tease me with Panera branded lobster bisque sold at Target and then you won't carry it in your own store? As a devoted lover of lobster bisque this makes me sad.
This is my go-to spot for a nice simple, yet tasty lunch. The you-pick-two special is a favorite of mine. I usually pair the broccoli cheddar soup with the fuji apple chicken salad. But any combination of their soups, salads and sandwiches are sure to satisfy. The french baguettes are my choice of side and are very nice for sopping up left over soup at the bottom of the bowl. The atmosphere is nice. There is also free wifi, so you can hang around and get some work done.

And I dare you to resist adding a delicious cookie/pastry to your meal. For only $0.99 more, you can give that baked good a new home. In your tummy.
Had a late lunch with my girls here a while back. It is a cute little place. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The food came out quickly. I was trying to be food cautious that day was thought they had a little brochure of the nutritional facts for their food. No... they had a HHUGE BINDER for the information and brought it to our table for me. How nice of them. And the bread was delicious! I had the half soup half salad with the specialty salad and it was a good size salad for only being "half". Too bad all the Panera Bread Cafes are so far from me over in the NW... bummer.
Pretty good stuff!
I was more a fan of the soup than the sandwich, I got the "you-pick-two" and got the french onion soup and the steak and cheese panini. Steak and cheese was ehh-ok, lacking in thickness and really lacking in a steak-y flavor,  but the soup was delicious and the all the bread involved in my meal was awesome. Probably why they are a "Bread Cafe." The soup was one of the better french onions I have ever experienced, the croutons in the soup were soaking in the broth and the soup wasn't too salty, but had a great onion-y flavor and was a pretty good size. 

The service was really good and fast, and the place was clean, and the food was pretty solid. It's in a nice location, close to the intersection of St. Rose and Eastern, where they pretty much have everything you can imagine within a 3 mile radius. 

I've been a fan of Panera bread since the first time I ever went years ago, and this was a solid experience and not pricey at all. The sandwich lacked a little, but with the total amount of food it was great for the price.

4 solid stars. I'll be back
Big fan of "The Bread" :-) This location is huge and very friendly. Highly recommend.
I'm not really a fan of Panera Bread.  Maybe I just expected to much - but for a company that tauts having freshly baked bread and the freshest ingredients, I would expect that they would make all of their sandwiches fresh as well.  I do not eat meat and upon reviewing the menu, I saw something that sounded appealing.  It had chicken in it, so I asked if they could simply not put chicken on my panini.  The cashier told me they couldn't do that, because the sandwich came to them preassembled.  

I try not to be so picky, because I know that I choose to limit what I eat of my own violition.  

I can't remember what I ended up ordering, but I wasn't satisfied with it or the service.
I sat here for a good four hours to get some writing done and I observed a consistently friendly and attentive wait staff.  This is why I enjoy working at Panera in whatever city I'm at!
I love panera.  The food is always fantastic!  I always find something new on the menu that is always delicious and full of flavor.  Their macaroni and cheese is to die for and there is nothing better than the bread bowl with tomato bisque.  The staff is always very friendly.  They always make sure to remind me to use my Panera card and I get a free pastry or soda more often than not.  A manager usually walks around making sure the guests are satisfied and are happy with their food- I love that... going the extra mile is never lost on me.
I had the salad they are featuring, turkey with cherries, feta, pears and pecans. It was good and fresh but a bit spendy for 8.00 or so alone. i got a drink and a cookie add on and it was almost 13.00 which is kind of a lot since I still felt hungry after.

The food was fresh and the place was pretty tidy, ok, but not somewhere I go out of my way to get to.
Not many close by to the strip. This one is close to a huge shopping area. I ordered my caramel Latte and bear claw. My caramel latte was a lil strong than I usually get here in cali. My bear claw was Yummy as usual:-)

The manager was excited and energetic. He made us feel welcomed and didnt even know that we are visitors from cali. 

Compared to Panera in rancho cucamonga, this place was quiet and no waiting lines;-) I will return when I come back in July 2012.
Food was real good, atmosphere sounded like open-mic night at every lame bar you've ever been to. 

Fun Fact: This is where the hipster dipshits from Starbucks go to die.
Even though Panera isn't a locally owned business, I feel i owe it to them to write a good review for using up their services. For the longest time this place has been my go-to spot to do some work. 

Free wifi! I come here to use their internet and have lunch, but even if I don't buy anything sometimes, they never find it necessary to boot me out or refuse service to me. I usually sit in a booth because of the big table space, and its good for some private seclusion from everything else that's going on in the cafe. It helps me focus more. 

The great pro about this place:
They have an awesome you pick two deal which is an option to choose two of any three: cup of soup, 1/2 a cafe sandwich, or 1/2 a cafe salad for 6.99. 
They also have a member rewards card that's free for every time you come. Which has a whole bunch of benefits (I honestly haven't read the benefits yet because I just signed up).
The service is great! NAKANA is such a sweet heart, and very friendly. 

I sometimes find all sorts of people studying here, conducting interviews, doing meetings, or just people socializing on their lunch break. So you get that great "work" environment with a casual ambiance to the place. 

All these pros just give me a reason to go back, and I partially thank them for helping me with my current success in life (passing my exams, and getting good grades in class)..

So thanks Panera!
Went here with my dad and bro for lunch. It was relatively clean, friendly staff. Ordered the "you-pick-two." (Favorite option) They messed up my order (wrong soup) but decided to give it a try - brought broccoli cheddar instead of black bean. It was good!

Would definitely visit again if in the area.
Since I was going to visit a client in the area this Panera cafe was a good choice for Bfast. The cafe has free Wi Fi, clean, comfy and I love the dark roast coffee here.

My order the power bfast sandwich - smoked ham, egg, Vermont cheddar cheese on whole grain bread, OJ and coffee.

Free refills on coffee and the Wi Fi will keep me returning here for sure!
Good for a cup of joe and a bagel. Always clean.Staff helpful and friendly. My favorite bagels (in no particular order) French Toast, Multigrain, asiago cheese and believe it or not Plain. I do my bagels au natural, not toasted or schmeared. For lunch you can't go wrong with the broccoli cheddar.
I was NOT too awe struck by my first visit to Panera. I have had much better cheddar Broccoli soup -it almost tasted a hint of being burnt. my sandwich wasn't anything that I couldn't have made for myself at home. In fact the panini was on the dark side. The side of bread that I got was also a bit dark on the bottom side. Perhaps 8:00 at night is not the best time to eat there. I did not feel as if anything tasted fresh or was filled with any awesome taste. I will not be going back. If you want bread to fill you up then I guess they might have something to offer when the bread or bagels are fresh. I was not all that impressed.
You pick 2 is the way to go. Good service, even when it is busy they are very attentive & friendly. Good place for a quick lunch. Love their chicken noodle soup.
The bread on my turkey sandwich was great . The menu is a bit overwhelming if its your first time i did not know what to order. I had the tortilla soup too. Service is quick and the sandwich is good its a little pricey for what you get about 9.50 for a half sandwich and soup and a drink.
Good selection and even during the crazy lunch rush they get you in and out...
The food is a given if you like sandwiches and you like salads and you wouldn't mind a great cookie...this is the place for you. It's consistent and all store fronts but, I have to point out that the character of a place starts and ends with the customer service and the Eastern location did that for me! Michael the Catering Manager asked me (3) times how my day was going...it's hard to get people I see on a daily basis to do that so (3) made me feel important. Then he offered me some water as I was waiting...I could have been fooled I thought I was in a fine dining establishment. I used their catering option and ordered (6) boxed lunches over the phone. They were no hassle... silverware was in their napkins were in there. Can't say enough...they made my afternoon a little easier with their extra attention. Thank you Panera
Maybe I'm overly excited because since we moved to AZ we've missed Panera.  The service is awesome and the food is fresh and tasty.  I've never passed an employee that didn't smile back.  I love this place, and this location in particular.
Great food, great people, clean facility. Small portions for a lot of money.
Yesterday had a terrible experience:(  While I appreciate that management apoligized and offered me other food only after I came to counter to say something even tho they saw me throw away sandwhich and sit down dejected, I was on a time crunch so had to leave hungry and unhappy!
       So...to start...they recently changed their menu! The Turkey artichoke sandwgich does not even have artichokes in it. Totally different than it was a year ago. Its a cream cheese artichoke spread, which ended up making me sick. The turkey tasted like chicken and was cold and hard and tough. Nothing like the warm gooey sandwich it used to be. 
      Also...be aware.... the 6.99 any 2 price is only for like 5 sandwiches and a few salads. You have to add an additional dollar for anything else, and then 55 MORE cents to get half the menu. So- before drink, you have already spent almost 10 bucks...when the board says 6.99. Now, back to sandwich....once again, either the cream cheese or the turkey made me sick. About an hour later, still starving, I was out for the count for about 3 hours. Since the only thing I ate was 1/2 of a 1/2 of sandwich from here... the only thing that could have made me sick was the food. Just an FYI!
You know what you are getting when you walk through the door.  The menu does change slightly but everyone has their favorites.  

WHat does add to this location is that the staff is usually friendly and in a good mood.  At other locations, you get a fast-food experience from a fast-food staff.
Panera bread, yay!

One of my favorite places I go to for a quick lunch, breakfast, & something to fill my cravings of a little comfort food.  

I have tried a variety of their selections and my favorites is the bacon & ham panini, with caesar salad, & and their tasty baguette.
Also other favorites are: cheesy mac & cheese, their hot chocolate, broccoli cheddar soup,  of course their free internet service that they have! 

Reasonable prices & the people who work that are AMAZING.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 27/100

As you enter, look up at the menu and pan your eyes to the left where it says 'You Pick 2'!

1/2 Sandwich - Mediterranean veggie sandwich & a choice of soup (or salad)- Cream of chicken and wild rice for only about $7.50. There's a calorie count on the right of the item - for the health conscious. 

My friends and I were given a number each and everything was brought to our table in no time. Very laid-back bakery/restaurant, great place to chat the day away. Place smells delicious and the aroma continues to fill you up long after the meal is over. Affordable and good quality food.
Filthy line. You would think they would be more concerned with the appearance of the kitchen(line) sense it is visible. Its makes you question the sanitation. I won't be coming back.
This is the third time I've been to this location and I think it will be the last. Panera already has high prices but the food is really good so you decide. 
Today my chicken salad croissant was a joke. There was enough lettuce for three sandwiches but barely enough chicken salad for a half. The croissant was hard and when I picked up the sandwich, EVERYTHING except the lettuce fell out. I had to eat my sandwich with a knife and fork. Yes, I said a knife. 
So all in all paying $8 for a sandwich could be acceptable if its a good size or even made well but this Panera location doesn't seem to care about pleasing their customers. I will not be back.
The egg white, Medierranean was out of this world, the Coffee and the friendly smiles were awsome.  I went not really expecting any out of the norm and "WHAM"  had a great breakfast!
This is a perfect spot for a quick lunch! They are super fast! And I've always had a great experience. Staff is friendly and attentive. And food always taste fresh. 

I love their French Onion Soup and Turkey Bacon Bravo. Lots of selections of Hot and Cold sandwiches and soups.

Clam Chowder Bread Bowl and Summer Corn Chowder are delicious!! Though I will say, you get more soup if you order the regular bowl, but the bread is also filling. 

They have a bakery also, so if you are into pastries, they have a great selection, even after the morning has come and gone. 

Prices are reasonable, location is good.  I think my one complaint is there isn't a location close enough to my house! 

I'm a big sandwich cafe person, and I will say Panera is in my top 3 places!
Nothing special. Free Internet but connectivity is sporadic at times and capable bandwidth is limited due to non-trunking, cheap service.
Sandwiches are above-average priced for a below average portion/sandwich-content.
Customer Service is top level, in the industry.
The employees are super sweet and the strawberry poppy seed salad is amaazzzing.
I miss Panera - coming from the midwest and currently calling Phoenix home we have "Paradise Bakery" but it just isn't the same; too much hip-hop on the stereo while Panera focuses on a more chill vibe.  Decent Coffee, comfortable seating, and friendly servers - yet another reason I'll be happy to be migrating north to Las Vegas very soon.
I'm a downright Panera lover. Salad, Mac & Cheese, Sandwich, you name it, I'll eat it. One thing that I noticed about this location over others is that even though seats are limited, the area to order is a lot more spacious than the location at Galleria Mall. I also noticed that the service was  really quick. Order time to getting my sandwich was within 5 minutes. There could probably be an extra person or two cleaning the tables but I'm not complaining. I'll definitely be back to this location.
I love this place I like to sit back Very cozy the food is very good..
Let's not talk about they frozen lemonade OMG and the pastry are so good
This is a pretty typical Panera Bread location. It's always best to come early to make sure you have first chance at all the pastries. My favorite is the pecan roll and those go fast, so by the afternoon they're always gone. 

Service is friendly and solid. They get very busy during the breakfast and lunch rush, but if you go before or after, you're good.
I like the food at Panera. This location is fairly nice but parking can get crowded during high-demand times. The bagels are about the best in the city in my opinion. The staff is constantly changing so your service will vary depending on who is working. One thing I wish they would improve is their toaster. If you want a toasted bagel ask them to run it through the machine twice. It's a chain and very reliable. Sometimes I wish they'd change the menu more often but overall it's a good place.
Called in store 10mins ahead of time to make sure they are still serving clam chowder and told them we are coming just for that double checking they have enough. when we get there it was out!! and told us we should've order it on the phone...hello? Why the guy didn't tell us we could've done that! Very disappointed..
I'm definitely a fan. My favorite dish is the mac and cheese. I actually have a hard time ordering anything else. It is even better with the bread. But on occasion I'll order the pick two and get the Apple salad or the new wheat berry salad. Both are pretty good. 
I'm not a fan of their pastries. I'm not sure what the issue, but they usually taste bland to me.

Free wifi is a plus. They also have a few tables with outlets for charging (laptops or phones) and a pretty good iced tea.
Today's trip to Panera Bread Co. was not that great...    I ordered one of their soups in a bread bowl which was all bread and no soup.  I also ordered a half of smoked turkey sandwich.  There was  only one slice of turkey folded in half, a super small slice of tomato, a skimpy piece of cheese.   At least they give you the option to purchase a baked good for 99 cents if you order a combo!!
I have to say, that I haven't had anything bad off the menu from Panera Bread, but this particular location ALWAYS lacks in the seating area. The service is always great, the manager is always back there with the crew working right beside them, the food has always been great.  The seating sucks, though, and sometimes I'd like to eat there instead of getting everything to go or have to eat outside when it's too hot or too cold.
Good place to get a quick meal. I went there for breakfast ordered a sausage eggs cheese sandwich and food came out fast and fresh ! The restaurant is clean and nice tables. Free refill coffee and it just like Starbucks but offers table service . Very impressed !
Amazing sandwiches with very fresh ingredients - but it is a little on the pricey side. They started a new trend: two signature items for $9.19 without tax.

I've tried:
-Turkey Bacon Bravo: simple sandwich that comes with turkey, two slices of bacon, lettuce, tomato and...tomato basil bread(my favorite soup)!
-Napa Almond Chicken Sandwich Salad: a very refreshing and good combination that includes grapes in the sandwich too. Everything complimented each other very well.

Known for their broccoli cheddar soup so don't forget it! Their creamy tomato you can skip because it was just average for the price to buy it as an a la carte but perhaps not so bad if you wanted to change up your soups choice once in a while.

Booth seating available that can fit up to 4-6 comfortably and an average number of tables varying from 2-4 people. Outdoor seating is available too with four tables and two chairs per one. This place gets packed with people, come check it out and you'll understand why a long line is normal when waiting to place your order.
I really like Panera for flavorful vegetarian options.  The Met. Vege sandwich on fluffy wheat bread is so delicious!  Pair any sandwich with a unique beverage:  I like the lemonade, green tea, and smoothies - and you can get a pastry for $1!  I had a healthy, filling, fun lunch for $11 - including dessert!  Value, fast, quality, and delicious.  Love it!
Is it just me but does anybody else dislike when the cashier calls you Honey sweetie? I always felt it was unprofessional. Would should have called me honey if I was with my wife. H.no. She would have got us both beat-up LOL.
Any way the food was good. 4 stars for the food 1 star for the service. Thursday morning cashier
I order the pick two with the BBQ chicken salad and the chicken tortellini Alfredo EVERY TIME. It's so good and they make it perfectly every time. The employees are friendly and prompt. I enjoy coming to this Panera and using their free wifi while I eat my yummy meal.
My favorite item from Panera is their Mac n Cheese! 

Today I decided to try their newer menu items because they've added quite a few! 
I had a "You Choose Two" - you select two of either soup, sandwich, pasta, or salad. 

I got Chicken Sorrentina Pasta & Baked Potato Soup
* equal amounts of pasta, chicken and spinach ; sauce is good ; pasta may have been a little overcooked today though
* great baked potato soup!

Coworker also had a "You Choose Two" - Tortellini Alfredo & Broccoli Cheddar Soup

Overall good place to have a quick lunch!
You pick 2 combo is great for the price...lots of fresh and healthy selections.  I love going there for breakfast ;-)
You can never go wrong here!  They have take out so you can eat at home. The broccoli and cheddar soup is the most amazing thing in the planet.  You also can order it at anytime you don't have to wait until 11 like other places. Same goes with breakfast items as long as they still have the bagels.
This review is for service only. Which by the way after bad, really bad service makes the food a little blah!
We order some stuffs totalling $31. Two half salads, half sandwich. Two sodas and kids meal plus a cookie for my daughter. 
The cashier kristen, as her name appears in my receipt has been the worst person i have ever have to deal with, in years. 
Out of it and most important, very rude!! like giving her my order annoyed her to death.  Short in answers as well. I order two drinks but she charged for one only so when i asked her to add a second one. She rolled her eyes at me and slammed the cup in the counter like i was a toddler bothering her.   And I wont even bother to comment about her attitude when i gave her my Panera card to be swipped. The only reason i give it 2 stars is because the runner/busser was amazing and deserves to be recongnized. I dont remember her name, someone called her 'G' or 'B' or something like that. 
Anyway, the food was good but didnt enjoyed it at all.  
I wont be going there anymore. I will have to go to the one on green valley next time
The customer service is excellent at this location, however I regret to report that I find they are usually out of their top selling products whenever I go to purchase them-my advice: bake more! 
The food however is nothing short of extravagant! It fills your body with a warmth that only home cooked food can do. The broccoli and cheddar soup is my absolute favorite soup I've tasted in my entire life. 
On an ending note, they are typically busy, so good luck finding parking, and finding seats inside can also be difficult if you go at certain times, but despite that: it is absolutely worth it! Delicious!
A fairly new Panera location - not on my GPS even with a current map update.  Located along a very busy stretch of the ordinarily-busy Eastern Ave.  Lots of great shopping nearby.  Lots of parking in the lot and good, comfortable seating.  Food is very consistent, as you'd expect from Panera Bread.
Walked out without dinner. We've tried to order berry smoothie and cashier said they don't have it. Second my wife tried to order her pasta and same reply we don't have it... WTH.... Big food chain and they didn't have two items listed in menu, sucks... We canceled our order and went somewhere else for dinner.... They need to improve customer service, specially attitude to customer.....
The food at Panera is always good and fresh and doesn't take more than 5 minutes for it come out. The only problem with this place is their staff. They seriously are all so rude and walk around like they hate their lives and make me uncomfortable when I go in because of how rude and bothered they are.
Panera??
Always love food that are simple and made it into something quite delightful to the taste..that's just me of course, my not be the same for you...haha
But hey the service is great as always!
Will always come back here whenever I'm in the area!!
Check your silverware! Three out of four spoons and one knife were dirtY....kinda grossed me out and unsure of the cleanliness of the kitchen. I do love the food here turkey,  bacon & avocado is my favorite sandwich and the mac & cheese is delisH! 
This location Is close to where I live but I work near The District so I will probably go to that one now that I've had the dirty silverware experience
My first EVER visit to Panera! I'm probably the only person in America who hadn't been here yet. Well now I am one of the happy, carb filled masses.

My mom and I came here on Sunday morning to grab a quick bite to sustain some last minute gambling at Green Valley. I thought my Turkey Sausage and Potato souffle was tasty, if a bit dinky in size. I also didn't notice any potatoes. My mom's breakfast panini was much more substantial and I was slightly jealous.

A lot of their menu sounds really good, but don't be like me and check out the nutritional stats online when you get home or you and your thighs will be sorry. Trust me!
Panera Bread's Cream of Chicken & Wild Rice soup is very good. They make it only a few times a week Tues, Thurs, & Sat. The food quality has gone down over the years. The pick 2 is good combo if you don't know what you want. My usual is the tuna san. & chicken noodle soup. The salads are a hit or miss. The pastries and breads are good. And the toffee cookie always satisfies when they have them.

We don't usually eat in Panera but they run a clean restaurant, play mellow jazz music, they have free wifi, and the bathrooms are also clean. 

Panera's can get very busy for lunch & on the weekends. The restaurant will seat a lot of people and they also have outside tables too.
I come to this Panera every Sunday with my sister. Everyone knows that Panera food is the best for the price, but this Panera at The District is special. Every time I go there the young cashiers are super friendly. I am such a pain in the ass sometimes, I've got to be honest and hate to admit it, but I am curious about ingredients or what things taste like in certain dishes and I expect the high School aged cashiers to roll their eyes or give me some sort of attitude, it never happens. 

Me: Orchard Apple Harvest Salad? What's the dressing like? 
Kid: Oh it's my favorite, a very sweet cherry vinaigrette! 
Me: Great, I'll take that! 

They are always super friendly, great at telling me what's inside the sandwiches, and if they don't know, they always ask for me. I see the manager from time to time, a nice blonde lady, she's usually talking to customers asking them how their meal is, or training a new employee. I stopped and told her that I was so pleased with a couple of her employees (of whom I wish I could remember their names), and she thanked me and said that she would let them know that they were complimented. People of Yelp- do that more often- I'll bet the high school kids like being acknowledged. Besides the people that work here are super friendly here, it's very clean here, which is rare for a minimum wage type place. 

I love that The District is dog friendly too! I'll take my golden here to meet another dogs, kids, and accompany us when we sit outside at the Coffee Bean, Rachel's (another great place), or wherever. I'll continue to go here pretty much every Sunday - very nice, very relaxing.
Great selection with decent prices. Free wifi and a decent rewards card. Great lunch date place! A lot of children but that could be a pro or con!
I find myself at this panera bread a lot because it's close to my work.  I was never a big fan of Panera bread in the past.  I think it is because we would always go for dinner and I don't think this is the best dinner place.  Like I mentioned I try to run in and out of this place when I need to grab something that ins't fried or a burger.  I always order the Turkey Bravo sandwich.  This is a big sandwich and tasty too! 
Here's what I don't like so much with this Panera bread.  The kids at the cash register are a littl slow.  I mean "slow" in a few different ways.  I try to run in and run out, but there always seems to be a line.  I know what you are thinking that I probably go during a lunch rush.  This is not the case because my lunch is at 3ish during the week.  I'm sure they are trying to the best they can, but they need to move it along.  
Overall I enjoy Panera because the food always taste fresh and it reasonably priced.  So, go enjoy a turkey bravo sandwich when you get a chance. Oh and the other stuff is good too.  Cheers!
Oh Panera Bread. Why are you so good?

Yes, it is a franchised joint. However, they do everything very well. 

Your best bet is to get the combo meal in which you choose 2 items out of a variety of soups, salads and half sandwiches for a little less than 10 bucks. I highly recommend the Napa Almond Chicken Sandwich and French Onion Soup. 

The staff is very friendly at this location but beware! They will always try to persuade you to add a delicious pastry to your meal for 99 cents. The English Toffee Cookie is large and extremely delicious. 

The iced tea here is the best!! Don't forget they have free wi-fi too!
I usually like to go to "Grand ma" type bakeries for all my bread needs and avoid the chains but Panera Is an exception. It's hard to find yummy soup bread bowls these days atleast It Is in las vegas with all our hybrid dining options and ultra shic veggie spots. seems like theres no more room on the menu for carby bread but not Panera....Bread made fresh.
This is a go to place for my wife and I to grab lunch.  Usually we go to the one on Sunset but I think they are all the same.  For a great price, $6.99, you can get the 'Pick Two'.  Choice of a 1/2 sandwich, salad, or soup.  Mix and match however you see fit.  The sandwiches and salads are great but a favorite of mine is the French Onion Soup with the home made croutons.  For a quick, cheap lunch, this is a great place to go!
3.5 stars for good soups, salads and bagels, and really good baked breads and muffins.   

The corporate food business model is based on the idea that people will keeping coming back for mediocre food as long as the food is predictably and consistently mediocre.  You have to hand it to them.  It's true.  People will choose mediocre food over and over again (MsDonald's, Subway, etc.) rather than try out an unknown restaurant where the food might dip below mediocre and down to awful.

But unlike the typical corporate taste model, the folks behind Panera wondered what would happen if the food offered tasted good or if the menu included numerous healthy and tasty options.  People might still come back again and again.  Good call, Panera CEOs.  You were right.

Panera offers a wide choice of sandwiches, baked goods, soups and salads.  There's something on the menu for most taste buds.  It's basically a deli / bakery with consistently decent/good food.  Here's my breakdown:

Breads--really good, borderline great (4 stars)
Muffins and muffin tops - - mostly "hells yes" (4 stars)
Bagels -- pretty solid (3-4 stars) 
Sandwiches -- a little hit or miss (2-3 stars) depending on your preference (but the bread will be good)
Salads -- pretty solid again (3-4 stars)
Soups -- decent (2-3 stars) -- but put it in a bread bowl and it jumps up to 4 stars b/c if I haven't mentioned it already, the bread is really good

Price is a little steeper than most corporate spots, but a lot of the food is fresh.  The service is hit or miss (it is a high volume corporate counter service place) and the ambiance is well, blah (bland and dull and nowhere I want to hang out).  But it's a solid place to get carry out from again and again.
What can I say?  A chain bakery cafe that is fairly consistent, in my experience, and employs friendly staff.  Bread is very good, ingredients are fresh, and prices aren't break-the-bank high.  I like the fact that the calorie amounts are listed on the menuboard; for some, that may ruin a dining experience, but for me, it's a useful tool to watch my food intake (especially since I spend most of my days sitting on a piano bench)!
This place is a good change of pace from the ordinary sandwich shops. Great Mac n cheese and breads/pastries. Have become a regular customer over the years and would recommend it to all.
Yes they're a chain but still really good food! Staff has been great every time.
3.5 stars

I really do enjoy my sandwiches here - sometimes it's just a lunch I crave.  The restaurant is clean, service is decent, and there are a lot of good sandwich options.  It's a little expensive though and if I'm going to pass it up it's usually because there are cheaper options.  

One thing I'm never thrilled with are the pastries.  Luckily, with my panera card, I  often score free pastries and don't normally buy them.  

Also, the panera card often rewards me with cash off a sandwich, free coffee, and other goodies.  And it's usually a surprise when I order and hand them my card so I feel like I've "won" something lol.  

I like sitting outdoors here on a nice day.  Easy meal to enjoy with friends and not feel TOO guilty about afterwards.
Im so not a bread or sandwich person, so how I ended up here it's a secret!  Literally!!  I read about the secret aka the "Hidden Menu" for some healthier choices of low carb/high protein options like the Chicken Hummus Bowl and Steak Lettuce Wraps.  Sounds good to me! 

Since it's not on the menu board or mentioned in any advertising you have to let the cashier know you want to order from the "Hidden Menu" 

menu deets here: http://mypanera.panerabread.com/articlestips/article/access-into-paneras-hidden-menu/

The Steak Lettuce Wraps I tried were surprisingly very good.  The steak was very lean, prior grilled served chilled, sliced thin strips, not processed didnt have that taste like it was treated with sodium nitrates. The fresh veggies that came with it were sliced cucumbers and onions and diced tomatoes.  All the ingredients were topped with a basil pesto and tossed with lemon juice.  The pesto was a really refreshing touch to this dish.  I would so order this for lunch again!  

Restaurant was fairly clean although some of the tables needed to be bussed more thoroughly.  I passed up the booths that had bits of food debris (ie lettuce and crumbs) on the seats.  Service was pretty good. The cashier at the counter was knowledgeable, it's a good sign they knew what is offered on the Hidden Menu. Good thing it's available at all Panera's now. So based on only what I tried this visit it's a 3.7 ....Like I said I don't come here for the breads or sandwiches but I really like that they now offer low carb selections.   Next time I want to try the egg white bowl with roasted turkey that's on the breakfast hidden menu.
The amount of hate I have for this Panera Bread is not ok at all. I have been to other Panera Bread locations and this is by far the worst one without a doubt. I personally love a free meal [who doesn't?] but the fact that I have eaten at this location 4 times and only paid for 1.5 of those visits is not ok. I would love to give them 5 stars because I really do LOVE Panera Bread but this location falls flat.

The first time I came here was great cause all I ordered was 2 bowls of soup. It isn't that hard to put soup in bowls and get it to a table. But the 2nd and 3rd time were not that great. I am a "semi-vegetarian" so pork and red meat are meats that I will not consume so when I walk into any food establishment I already know my choices are a bit limited. The 2nd time I went to this location I ordered a simple pick 2 lunch with soup and a grilled cheese sandwich. Seems really simple right...NO! I know they have a simple grilled cheese and a big kid grilled cheese with BACON but there is no way he could have "mistakenly" heard big kid grilled cheese while I was ordering. So needless to say when I bit into a piece of bacon I was beyond upset. I did keep my composer and had a talk with the manager who then rushed me out a new sandwich and gave me a full refund [that I did not ask for or demand in any way].

My 3rd visit was a To Go order and was two salads with some modifications, nothing major at least in my mind. I ordered the amazing Fuji Apple Salad and the Thai Chicken Salad both with modifications that are based on taste preference. Because I was about to work a double I planned to have 1 salad for my lunch right before my shift and the other for my meal later on in my shift but thank goodness I work in a restaurant or I would have gone hungry that day. To make a long story short every modification I asked for was passed over and disregarded. So I did call and complain to which a second refund was given to me.

There is a saying "fool me once shame on me, fool me twice shame on you" I definitely should have chose another place to grab dinner on my way home but I figured the 3rd visit was a To Go so I should have looked in the bag before I left so I gave them a 2nd chance and I wish I didn't. I ordered a Thai Chicken Salad and a Chipotle Sandwich [that has BACON to which I specifically stated that I am a semi-vegetarian and did not want the bacon]. Before I leave I open the salad box to make sure the modifications on that are good and this time they were. I then open the sandwich box and the sandwich looks like it should look. I get home and once again bite into BACON -__- like I couldn't even understand how that could happen. But I did call and yelled at the manager at this point I was beyond done with this place she did give me a refund on the sandwich after I was done yelling. I work at a restaurant so I understand what goes on beyond the counter so brushing it off, as a simple mistake was not about to happen.

Needless to say I will no longer be going back to this location for my Panera fix.
Is it possible to give a -5 star rating? If it were, I would give it to this location! 
This is the worst, worst, worst Panera Bread I have ever been to. 

Why do I continue to go there you may ask... because it is so close to my house, I have limited options as a vegetarian on the go, and apparently I am a glutton for punishment. 

I have spoken with three different managers regarding the issues I've had with my meals, and nothing ever seems to change.

I can finally say that I will not be going back, au revoir!
Panera Bread, although a tad overpriced in my opinion, is a decent place to a grab a quick bite to eat. I am not going to say they are a healthy option compared to other "fast" type eateries because I don't think everything on their menu is really promoting great health. However, it is a step up from a burger and fries combo at McDonald's. 

This Panera is a staple of The District, sits directly facing the parking lot and is conveniently located. The establishment is large and spacious, which is good, because anytime I have been here the place has been steady with patrons. Customer service is good, although I always get hit up to get their card, which I decline, because I don't go to Panera enough to warrant getting the card. Plus, all in all I am kind of fed up with this every freakin' place I go wants to give me some card deal. Hrumph. Anyway.

Food - I ordered the Chipotle Panini and my husband ordered the Smokehouse Trukey Panini. Both came out deliciously melty and warm, pressed perfectly. I received mine with chips, my husband got a cut up apple, so we shared. Overall loved the paninis. We also ordered a yummy blueberry muffin which was dense and flavorful. 

Quality vs. price - Again, as stated above I feel Panera to be overpriced. I got two combo paninis (which do not come with a drink), one small drink, and a muffin, my total came to almost 20 bucks. The paninis are on the smaller side, so the price value does not exactly match the quality and quantity of what you are receiving. However, the taste is good.

So you have to fight your battles with fast, convenient, "healthier" food. Of course I will return to Panera Bread in the future. I just wish it did not hurt my wallet so bad.
I know its a chain and everyone has been here...  But it's still fabulous!  This location is very clean, has a friendly staff and food is always amazing.

I love the variety Panera offers.  Their lunch deals are outstanding with the Pick Two.  If you read my reviews, you know that I am a salad fanatic.   I ordered the Chopped Chicken Cobb with Avocado.  With their fresh ingredients, it is so tasty.  The grilled chicken has a great flavor and is abundantly spread over the salad.   

Another bonus for Panera, they list the calories right up on the menu boards.  This makes it so convenient for us who want to eat healthier.  Thank you Panera Bread!  I will be back!
I'm not overly impressed wthis panera..food is so so, service is so so, prices warrant better quality and freshness
Something about this Panera bread upsets my stomach.
I've eaten at other Panera breads and felt fine.

I talked with the manager and he rudely brushed me off.

This place makes you sick and then mocks you for it. 
Avoid it at all costs. 

Eat out of the trash cans near by for better food. 
My stomach is churning just thinking about it.
I loved this place!  Perfect for a healthy delicious lunch with a ton of options to pick from you can't get bored!  Personal favorites inclue the Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich, the sundried tomato bread is great, and the vegetable soup with pesto! Panera has great options for kids too.
I love this place!!!! I so wish there was a location in Utah. 

I got the chicken chipotle sandwich and Mac and cheese. Ohh that Mac and cheese was amazing so delicious  the people here were so nice, got our food quick. 

Seriously great food, good price, friendly people awesome location. You can't go wrong.
WOW. What a disaster today was!
First off, you walk in, and it is overwhelmingly warm.

We ordered, I had the asiago roast beef, with tomato soup, and a baguette.
My aunt had a turkey sandwich, but she asked them told hold the onion, and instead of the chipotle mayo, if they could substitute it for regular mayo,...(she doesn't do spicy very well), and ordered a bag of chips with her lunch.

We find a place to sit, and our plates come.
The chips and the baguette weren't on the right plate, but okay. I guess that's an easy switch.

But you could clearly see the huge slices of red onion, and the huge glob of chipotle mayo on my aunt's sandwich. She takes it up to the counter to have it remade.

I'm sitting with my daughter, and before I take a bite out of my sandwich, I see a stand of plastic wrap hanging out of it. It is VERY noticeable, and I am beginning to wonder how no one saw it....I then take my plate up to be remade.

The manager informed me that it was "from the cheese".

Girlfriend, I do not care where it is from. I don't want it in my sandwich.
She came by with our new plates afterwards, and offered us a free cookie, but we declined.

The food was Ok. The soup was the savior of it all for me.
Yikes.
WHERE'S THE BEEF?

   It amazes me how restaurants could mess up such a simple sandwich like a BLT. A BLT is not exactly a culinary work of art. It is beacon, lettuce, and tomatoes with mayonnaise on bread. Yet, some restaurants mess it up. When I set eyes on my Panera Bread BLT, or more like LT; I was asking the exact question that the old lady asked in the 80s Wendy's commercial "Where's the beef?" In this case the beef was beacon. What I saw was a few pieces of ordinary beacon with lettuce and tomato on bread.  The bread was comparable to Wonder bread which is ironic considering that this is Panera Bread. I was unimpressed that there was not a choice of bread and that it was untoasted. The potato chips that I picked as the side was actually better than the sandwich.  

  This is my second time at this Panera Bread. A few weeks ago, I dined here with Shirley. B. The roasted turkey & avocados BLT that I ordered then was a tasty sandwich. And I know that Shirley liked her soup. But that doesn't make up for the atrocity of a sandwich that I had tonight and for the record, a good amount of it was leftover bread.

  The restaurant itself, which is in the Paseo Verde Parkway side of The District, is a clean and attractive dining environment. The noise level is average with some rock playing in the background. And there is sufficient seating and lighting.

 Panera Bread is on the dining level between fast-food and casual dining. You step in line then order off the menu board. After paying, you bring a number to a table. They bring you the food, but you serve your beverage. When your done they bus the table.

  A BLT gives me an impression of a restaurant. And when a BLT is so short of the beacon that it becomes a LT it is leaves me with a poor impression. 

  I never say never. I could return to Panera Bread. Maybe their speciality is bagel sandwiches. Who knows! If I cross that bridge and return to Panera Bread, and leave satisfied with a different sandwich, I can always update my review with a reference to this one. After tonight's sandwich, color me unsatisfied.
The place is ran by idiots. I get there and only one in line but the cashier sees me and continues to use a little brush to take crumbs off the device right behind the cashier station.  Finally she FINISHED, so then asks if I'm ready. Asked to get a bagel and they couldn't toast it.  What?  The week before they didn't have the tea made.  The manager during the evenings is not on the ball.
Consistently good food and great service. Food is always fresh and if you're not satisfied with something they will replace it or give you something else. Broccoli cheese soup is great.
A week ago we order out form this location. When I got home I realized that they forgot part of the order. We called and talked to the manager and she said she would replace it and to come in whenever.  Today me and my mom went in, we let the cashier know the situation and she went got the manager.  She remember me and waited for the cashier to take our order. I was expecting just my meal to be free but she gave us everything for free! 
It was really awesome to see the whole staff super caring for their customers and taking care of them.  I work in retail and understand the importance but they went above and beyond my expectations!!! And not to mention their food is amazing!!!!
I love Panera Bread so much that I frequent all of the different locations in the Vegas area. This location is the absolute WORST! I went for (most likely) the last time last night. I went in for a takeout salad. The employees were not friendly and looked a bit "out of it." 

The girl who took my order never smiled and seemed to be "chained" to the cash register. While she was attempting to take the order of the woman in front of me, a kid came up and asked for a takeout box. Instead of finishing the order, she stops the customer mid-order and walks away to get a takeout box. 

When it's finally my turn to order, I ask for a little extra salad dressing on my chopped chicken cobb with avocado salad. She tried to charge me almost $1 EXTRA for dressing. What? I've never had a Panera attempt this extra upcharge before. I mean, I asked for no eggs on my salad so you'd think they could toss in a spoonful of extra dressing for free. 

As I waited for my order, I kept hearing the kitchen yelling about being out of this and out of that (bread, sauces, etc). Luckily they weren't out of any ingredients in my salad. I grabbed my takeout bag and headed for home. 

Once I started to eat my $10 overpriced takeout salad, I was so disappointed. First, the portion size was super tiny. There was a good amount of chicken but hardly any blue cheese, lettuce or avocado (I'd say the kitchen was attempting to hide the fact that a miniscule amount of avocado was on my salad -- it was about 2 small slices that were chopped into 5 pieces each to make it look like there was more). I eat this salad at least once a week (no joke) and most Panera locations add at least 4 or 5 FULL slices of avocado. 

And as if to sum up this experience, the whole grain baguette portion in the bag was totally burned on the bottom (see photo). 

Panera is a good chain restaurant but this location is horrible. You can do much better than wasting your money here. I hope the corporate office can address some of the problems here. All you have to do is take a look at the Yelp reviews and you'll see the common themes and problems.
Delicious bread muffins cookies coffee. Pleasant staff. Clean beverage station and usually enough half and half..BUT the Internet is extremely slow if it even connects. Area near windows need to be cleaned.
The boyfriend and I went in here for a quick takeout meal and our service was excellent. Lily was behind the counter, and went above and beyond to help us. We were asking a lot of questions about the menu and she was very helpful. She was able to explain many of the menu items in great detail. Her super friendly attitude and approachability was super refreshing. She was such a delight. I honestly will return more often knowing that this location has such great service. The boyfriend usually tolerates service staff and lets me take the lead, but while we were waiting for our food, he was raving about how nice lily was to us. 

I ordered the white cheddar mac and cheese and it was delicious, one of my favorites. Make sure you get the bread with the mac and cheese because it goes so well together. I also got the grilled cheese sandwich with Fontina and Gouda. It was really good. The boyfriend ordered a super large sandwich, The Italian. He really liked it. It was really big and had a lot of stuff on it. Steak, Turkey, Ham and Salami for meat, as well as Swiss Cheese, Peperoncini, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions and some kind of special sauce. Definitely recommend for those that are super hungry.
The only time I eat here is when it's someone else's idea. Not that the food isn't great, but the crowd is annoying. The place is always slammed. I guess that's a good thing. Means the food is pretty darn good. And you know what? It is pretty darn good. I'd recommend it to anyone.

I hate to say this, but since the arrival of Cafe Zupas, I always refer them over Panera Bread when a friend suggests we eat here. The sandwiches, soups and salads are just better. But, they suffer the same thing this place does. Very crowded. This place isn't as congested as Zupas, so I would come here more often if I didn't want an issue with finding a place to sit and being able to hear the person sitting across from me. 

Great food here. Great food. I recommend. Just be ready for the packed house if coming for lunch.
Salads are delicious, Tea is delicious, and they are pretty fast. 

I have also ordered their catering for work and I love how they give you large drink containers and EVERYTHING you need. It is unusual that you can get healthy food delivered, but Panera does it and does it well. 

Highly recommend it :-)
Updated review.. I noticed employees cleaning in areas that were left unclean before. The Internet connection is better. Much better. And it felt good to try some fresh muffin samples. Thanks 4 listening.
I always enjoy Panera! 

Great fresh food! Yummy soups, salads, and sandwiches! Don't forget the great pastries and goodies! Love the iced tea varieties! 

Love this location- great atmosphere!

Always a good choice!
I really enjoy Panera. In fact, I have to stop myself from eating here all the time, especially when it is cold out and I crave soup.

I'm a big fan of their French Onion Soup. It is very flavorful and always seems to have just the right amount of onions. I recommend you get it in a bread bowl, but if you get it to go double check that they have included all of the accouterments (bread bowl, croutons, cheese). On a couple, very sad occasions they have forgotten either one or the other in my to-go bag. The broccoli and cheese soup is also very good.

The salads are really good with very unique combinations that are a nice change from the normal things you can get for similar prices at Applebee's or Ruby Tuesday. Their sandwiches are also very nice, but the Panini is a bit on the smallish side.

Oh! The bagels, especially the Asiago cheese, are great! You can even got a dozen to go with schmear  for your work staff meetings.

The chai tea is yummy - way better than Starbucks.

As a bonus, Panera offers free wi-fi. I've done some writing in here on my laptop, and even though the jazz music was a bit loud for my taste, the free wireless more than made up for it.

My only major complaint (besides them forgetting my blasted croutons) is that this location never seems to have enough registers open and the line very quickly becomes annoying, especially when people can't figure out what they want.
If you want a quick meal that's much healthier than the fast food restaurants in the area, Panera's the way to go.  Delicious paninis and great soups (even greater in a bread bowl) for super cheap.  And free wi-fi.  Thank you for opening a Panera in my area.  Wow, that rhymed.
This place is super! The tasty bread and soup always cures my hangovers!!!
hungry for a lite dinner last night so opted for the asagio roast beef sandwich. it's medium rare roast beef (no gristle or those yucky "stringy" pieces) topped with your choice of toppings, but what made it so good was the horseradish sauce and the cheesy bread that had a hint of sourdough in it. got it with a pickle and kettle chips and fresh lemonade. they have a new almond chicken salad sandwich on their menu where you can get creamy tomato soup to accompany it. that's my next conquest. all in all, clean place, fresh bread that didn't bust my wallet. while it's certainly not gourmet, i had to give it 5 stars for the simple food put out. try it when you're in the area. lake mead between tenaya and the I-95. ps saw they also are open for b-fast, including roasted coffee and bagel schmears.  ps they also offer wi-fi.
Yesterday I got my dimples pierced at Kat Like Us, and I need to eat soft foods and a basically liquid diet. I decided a good soup would hit the spot. After moving here from L.A., I didn't think there was a Panera here. Thanks to Yelp, I found one only 12 miles from my house. A cheddar broccoli bread bowl hit the spot! Of course I paired it with a ice cold, Jones cream soda. The service was friendly, the place was clean, and food came fast. I love this place. Once I can eat regular food again, I can't wait to go back for the 1/2 sandwich and soup for $6.95. Also the bread itself looked sooooo good, and I know its great from previous tastings. Can't go wrong here for a quick, healthy meal.
Maybe this even deserved just one star. The bread's are just a bit better than mediocre and the sandwiches are, well, sandwiches
Came here for lunch and to do some Studying & Work.  A friend of mine highly recommended this place because of the relaxed atmosphere and FREE Wifi.  I've passed it 100's of times and have never been here.  This was my first visit.

Since it was lunchtime, I was hungry and ordered the Italian Combo Sandwich with Kettle Chips & a Bottle of Water.  The menu is simple and you don't get to pick the toppings of your Sandwich....so that was a bummer to me....I like to select my toppings.  Oh well, no big deal.  On a positive note....they post the # of calories for each menu item....that was helpful....1,040 calories for my Sandwich + 180 Calories for the Chips....I was at 1,220 for the meal...not bad.

The place is a Bakery and had a ton of fresh Bread & Pastries....all very tempting, but I didn't want to pass out from food coma....I had to get some work and homework done.

I settled into a small table and setup the wireless on my laptop while I waited for my food.  It didn't take long and the food was ready.  I dove into the Sandwich....the Bread was pretty good and the proportion of Meat and toppings was good too.  It was good, but not great.

After lunch I moved over to a plush chair in the corner and got to work....got some work done and hung out for a couple of hours.  It was very comfortable.

Will I return?  I think I found a new place to add to my FREE Wifi work rotation....of course!
Always a wonderful quick meal.  I had the new beef chili, which was very good. Small bowl was just enough for lunch with some chips.  The service here is always excellent.  The free wifi is a bonus.
Went here the other day with my mom and sisters after a long day post-Christmas shopping. It was not busy and the service was fast and they were pleasant. My family is quite difficult/picky when ordering and they handled that well (bless their hearts). It is a tad expensive for something that's not a sit down restaurant but the quality of food is worth the extra money I think.

I had just a bowl of broccli cheddar soup since they have limited veggie options. The sandwiches looked small but I guess paninis are not supposed to be super big? I don't know. 

Their bakery section does have AWESOME goodies and with free wifi how could you go wrong? This is a good spot for a quick bite to eat or to spend some time reading/doing homework!
We went here last weekend after working out. I've been to Panera before and have always liked it, but had not been in probably over a year. There food is fresh and relatively healthy, so I'm not sure why I don't come for often. Anyway, we passed it on our walk home from the gym and decided to stop in for a bite to eat.

We split a Thai Chopped Chicken Salad and a Napa Almond Chicken Salad Sandwich. I really liked the fact that they had the calories posted. Especially since we'd just got done working out and I was more calorie-conscious than usual. Many of the items sounded delicious so I was able to narrow down my choice in part by looking at the calories.

The salad was big and fresh. The dressing wasn't my favorite ever, but it was okay. I did really like that the salad had edamame which was an interesting twist.

The sandwich was pretty good. It was chocked full of chicken, grapes and almonds. It was moist without being drowned in mayo.

Panera has really good, fresh salads and sandwiches. They're better than most chain sandwich places. Not sure why I don't go here more often. Maybe I'll start.
I love Panera and this was one of the better restaurants. The staff even brings the food to you, which makes it a great place to set up shop and work for a while. Unfortunately, I didn't see any booths with outlets. I also didn't look very closely as I wanted to leave when my battery died on my computer. 

Also, cupcakery is in the same parking lot if you want sweets on the way out. Next time!
Great service, great food, great location, need I say more?
This place is a regular morning stop in Vegas and I've yet to find something here that I don't like. The chocolate croissants, the quiches and the apple chicken salad are fantastic. So is the tomato soup at lunch.
the staff: I always end up bonding with the cashiers, usually because something awkward happens and we have to discuss it or it's just no fun.  I never remember their names, but I always recognize their faces.  Our conversations are never normal; we probably make the costumers waiting in line fairly uncomfortable. a It's always a good laugh at the cashiers stand.

the goods: Everything always tastes so fresh.  I usually get the "you pick 2".  Usually variations of soup and salad/soup and sandwich.  I have my set items that I get, but occasionally I'll try a new market sandwich.  Can't lose with a soup.  Broccoli Cheddar, French Onion, Chicken Tortilla: they're all very filling and tasty.  And I really like their Greek salad with grilled chicken.  Invest in a Panera card and enjoy a free pastry from time to time, definitely worth it.

the atmosphere: Very work comfortable.  I like the cafe style decor and dining set up.  Booths are the best, but I don't mind the tables.  Table service is convenient, MAKE SURE TO LEAVE A TIP (it's just nice :D).

The first time I walked into Panera I walked right back out.  It confused me, I thought I was in some mom & pop bread shop.  I didn't understand the cafe service; I'd only ever done sit down dining or fast food.  Anyway, moving past that embarrassing fact, I love going to this place.  I never go to work on my laptop, I just really enjoy the food and the peace.  It's a great place to have a bite with friends and loiter for a bit.  I've never had any problems with the staff or the food.  Sometimes they forget to take out the tomato from my sandwich, but I am more than capable of doing it myself.  They're quick to accommodate, very customer service oriented.  And they start to recognize regulars, so you feel more and more welcome each time you go.  5 stars every time.
My favorite thing about Panera is that you get to sit for as long as you want, and there's no pressure to get out. This location is always clean, and the staff has always been polite. The prices are what keep me from going to the 5 star mark, but even as I write I recognize that the quality of food is excellent. But...can't bring myself to go for the 5.
I love the staff here! They are always so nice and process your order quickly! I love all of their salads especially the chicken caesar. The bonus is the free wifi so I can catch up on my work while enjoying lunch. This is hands down my favorite lunch spot!!
I love this place! Everything is FRESH! I want to eat there at least once a week....the salads are awesome! The chicken panini FANTASTIC
The brownies...better than home made!
Quick bite before putt putt with the family and the food/atmosphere is cool. Customer service was good, but the prices of some of the sandwhiches can be relatively high.
fav is the Cuban sandwich and French onion soup.. husband fav is well everything.... always gets the broccoli soup with whatever sandwich he orders though!!!
I love their cookies. Fresh baked and $0.99 with a meal. Or with coffee. I just go here for cookies and free wifi
Geat healthy food served quickly which is great if you are on a quick break or limited on time. A little expensive but it's hard to find delicious and healthy food these days, especially when its quick. Great alternative to fast food if you are on a diet or simply just trying to be healthy. Employees are also friendly and keep the place very clean. Deducted one star because its a little expensive and they served me expired cream cheese once. However, the manager was apoligetic when it was brought to his attention and gave us a coupon for a free meal next time we came.
Am I the last person in the Northern Hemisphere to hear about this joint? Jim Cramer from CNBC was talking about the stock price, I casually ask wifee " Have you heard of Panera?" 

"Hahahaha ...dummy" was her less than polite response.

So I seek out Panera Bread. On W.Lake Mead & Rainbow it's easy to find. I've driven by about 50000 times but today I stop in. Very busy parking lot needs a few drive arounds to find a spot.

Once inside it's PACKED! Every table & booth is full. Lots of super nice helpful staff.
I order a Chicken Cuban panini and a soda. I'm offered a side of chips, apple or bread. I choose apple, it's actually an apple , real not slices in a packet. Excellent . I wait about 2 minutes and the sandwich is ready. Simply fantastic, tasty, hot melted cheese on ham & chicken. I think a top 10 sandwich of all time in my lifetime. Cost almost $11 for sandwich & soda but worth it.

Parking aside, a class act.
This particular Panera is a staple in my life - which I honestly don't care to make a major corporate, chain-run restaurant my place to run to on rainy days, when I have a cold, or when I just need a bowl of soup or a healthy salad to start my day.  But it is.  It's been not only that but a place of longing that various co-workers have agreed that when we hear some Chet Baker or otherwise lounge-jazz music that we'd "rather be at Panera."  It's reliable, the food is always good, and I always know what to expect.

That said - for those who aren't in the know of Panera, get out from under your rock and get in the 'know!  Panera is a light lunch/breakfast eatery that offers a bakery with morning bites, with jazz music floating throughout.  It's a hit with all ages, offering free wi-fi, and its very popular with everyone from children to seniors.  They have a you pick two deal which allows you to mix and match a variety of things from the whole soup/salad/sandwich/etc so you can get a pretty sweet combo for just six-ish bucks.  You typically have kids working there who remember your name, your preferences (One girl would give me a free cookie if I always wore one piece of Nintendo gear so I ended up with a lot of free cookies!)

My only complaint with this particular location is that the upholstery, carpetry, and the door handle and a few things here and there needs an upgrade.  They're worn and their age is showing as opposed to a few years ago when they looked brand spanking new.  A major warning that I have as far as just "dropping into" this place is to make SURE that you are not coming on a soccer afternoon!  See that field across of Rainbow?  Chances are that a lot of the players are going to flood Panera as soon as their game lets out and not only is going to grind service to a halt, but you may be finding that a good chunk of the menu is now depleted.  The upside to this is that there are other very good restaurants in this place about twenty feet away: Viet Bistro, Market Grille Cafe, and Chipotle.  

My particular favorite dishes?  I adore the Chicken/Rice soup, Chicken Almond Salad Sandwich, and the Thai Chopped Chicken salad are among my favorites.  Keep in mind that the soups change from day to day and that certain non-creme based soups do not do well in their delicious sourdough bread bowls.
Great food and good service. Very good coffee and excellent atmosphere. I really love Panera bread. Great pastry's and best macaroni and cheese ever.
Execelent and nutritional quick bite , try the Greek salad ! Good price
Love the fact everything is fresh but things run out fast. sigh. The price is good for fresh and some organic things.
I love going here with the family, the option for fruit as a side instead of chips is refreshing, i'm tired of fast food burgers and fries all the time. I also love that whenever you get a combo they will throw in any bakery item for .99! Their cookies are HUGE and delish, brownies..mmm...yes please! enough said

As for the food I always get the half sandwich and half salad combo, their classic salad is SO DELICIOUS I can never get enough. I always get a different sandwich when I go and their Smokehouse Turkey Panini is very good but I was more impressed with the Smoked Turkey Breast Sandwich & the Napa Almond Chicken Salad sandwich. The only soup we have tried is the french onion and its always yummy.
I really liked this place. I would've never thought of eating here but I was in the area and thought I'd stop by to see what all the hype was about. I love love love the atmosphere here: great seating areas,clean, friendly, and fast. Food was also good--not great but four stars will do. I got the tomato mozzarella panini and my bf got the steak and white cheddar. The only complaint I have is that the bread was a little bit on the hard side--they overtoasted it, and the price seemed a little high. But we both enjoyed our sandwiches. Definitely worth coming back for.
Everything's good.
Great Food as usual, but the exceptional service sent it 5 stars all the way.

I've been to plenty of Panera Breads and this one by far the friendliest and most courteous one. It was around lunchtime and the place was packed. An employee brought us our food and rather than drop it off and leave like normal, she asks if there's anything we need, and just let her know later if we need anything. WOW. Unexpected and appreciated.

The food was top notch like always. Frontega Chicken and French Onion Soup.

Kudos PB Kudos
Not horrible but not exactly impressed. We bought two sandwiches two cups of soup and chips. Total was $21. 

The sandwiches were only half sandwiches. The cups were small and my chicken noodle ingredients were weak and lacking. The ingredients were gone in three bites leaving a weak and watery broth.

My GF ordered tomato soup and said it was average but nothing special. I took a taste and had to agree but I'm not a tomato soup fan. 

Our half sandwiches were good but we both desperately wanted our missing halves. It came with some kettle chips that were very good and its a shame that I believe the bagged and processed chips were the best part of our meal.

We both looked at each other at the end of the meal and said do you want to go get dinner now? 

The staff was pleasant and accommodating but I did see the delivery team walking back past dirty tables and not stopping to clear them so maybe they arent motivated to keep things clean? Makes me worried about how clean the kitchen maybe.

If you aren't hungry and like to get average food for 4star prices this is the place for you!
This is place is amazing. Great food! Great service! Not too prices and its good for breakfast or lunch.
Panera has been a favourite of mine since grad school days back east.  The menu is simple: soups, salads, sandwiches and baked goods.  You can get the "you pick 2" special, which nabs you a half sandwich and soup, a soup and salad, or a half sandwich and salad.  Calorie listings are posted next to the item on the overhead menu, either guilting you or tempting you in your food choices.  I came here with my parents, both of whom are very VERY picky eaters and not shy about asking lots of questions.  Thank you to the very nice and patient staff for not rolling their eyes!  :)  I've never had a problem with food or service in all the times I've visited a Panera location.  Free wifi only makes a visit more pleasant!
Great place for a quick lunch or breakfast. The menu is pretty basic but it has some twists...it's sandwiches, salads and soups and pastries, breads, etc.  Right now I'm into their turkey cranberry panini, and I love most of their salads and panini options. They have vegetarian options, and the calorie counts are posted on the menu, which I love.
Finally got to try Panera Bread at their new Boca Park location. I got a sandwich and cookie and it was yummy. The staff is really nice and cute.
I love this place.
Their soups, salads, sandwiches all taste delicious...you can't go wrong.

I always get the "Pick 2 combo" and it costs $7.99.
You can choose any 2 items from the lists of sandwiches, salads or soup and it comes with a choice of chips or fruit (i think?). Soup and sandwich is the way to go.

NOTE: It CAN get crowded/busy during weekday lunch hours. So plan accordingly if you a pressed for time. Also, parking can suck. It's a pretty good sized parking lot but with all the other restaurants and stores in this plaza, it can fill up pretty quick.
Panera is always good for their U-Pick-2 option, as well as their bakery choices.  I usually go for salad and soup with tonight's choice for dinner being their Power Spinach salad and Bistro Onion soup--the combo looked good on the giant picture behind the cash registers. The first thing I noticed when I walked in, though, was the red velvet cookies--hmmm, those are new.  And, as you can see, sugar plays such an important role in my diet that I'm drawn to the baked goods first.  Armed with my Panera Rewards card, I had the salad, soup, a small fountain drink and said red velvet cookie, all for $9.66 (I got $2 off the meal because I had rewards on my card)--not bad, dude.  If I can spend $10 or less on a decent dinner, I'm a happy camper.
I was dragged here because my fiancé loves this place and it was her birthday. Classy right? Well, our first mistake was going during the peak of lunch hour. The line was out the door. But to our surprise, the line moved quickly. Also we had no trouble finding a table. 

After about fifteen minutes we noticed that people that came after us were well into their meals, so we notified the manager. She was very apologetic and we received our food hot and fresh in minutes. She also refunded the full price of our meals and offered free pastries. The food was great and because of wonderful customer service, I'll be dragged back.
Nice curb appeal. Inside atmosphere very nice. Menu great variety cookies, bagels, breads, sandwiches,  & salads & more. Ordered a turkey bravo sandwich, looks fresh,  taste good, I will be back to try other sandwichs.
Love This place.
Their food is good. Their customer service is outstanding. CS is a lost art form these days so I always appreciate a good employee.
PB is one of my favorite lunch stops!
it's near my work, yummy veg options, veggie minestrone soup, bagels, pasta, salads, grilled cheeses. I recommend getting a Panera rewards card so you rack up those points and use it for free drinks or pastries. 

Also- call ahead to place your lunch order and have it ready usually within 10 minutes. Walk in and leave in no time. No wait!

My big pet peeve here. Some may laugh, but this is a big visual peeve that we maintain and keep looking fresh throughout the day at my company. 

Please, please take that extra minute and have someone clean your entrance/exit doors. If I walk up to a visual multitude of sweaty palm prints, smeared fingers, and god knows what else.... am I really going to feel a sense of cleanliness towards my food prep? This is huge. Appearances are JUST as important as the food being prepared. I know I am not alone in being a regular lunch mate to this location.
Yum city. the mac n cheese is delicious, the price however is not.
I've had nothing but pleasant service at this location.  They have never messed up my order, and it's usually served within no time.  My only issue is the food.  I'm not a fan of Panera Bread truly.  Their bread rarely tastes fresh or good, for that matter... nor are their servings a good size.  What I mean by serving size is the amount of goods they put in their sandwiches.  I added tuna to my salad today and it was a small amount.  When I add avocado to my sandwiches, it's a small amount.  The price point is decent so I continue coming here but if I had better choices in the area, I'd might opt for something else.
This is a great spot to pick up lunch. A newer location opened up closer to my home but I just feel comfy and familiar at this PB. Being a bakery and cafe, they offer lunch and breakfast. They have some tasty options when it comes to breakfast you can choose from bagels, pastries, souffles, breakfast sandwiches and fresh baked bread. It wouldn't be breakfast if coffee wasn't offered so they do have a nice variety of options for that too. The lunch menu is my favorite. I love that they introduce new salads & sandwiches, but also love that they bring back old seasonal favorites. The "You Pick 2" option is great. I love that I can switch it up between soup, salad, and sandwiches. I have eaten inside this location a couple times, but usually just phone my order in and pick it up. They have a program called "My Panera" that you should look into if you plan on eating here more then once. You can earn free food and other cool stuff. I am able to log in online and check the status of my rewards. Please note that currently if you have a freebie and don't use it for 60 days that it will expire. This last visit I saw a sign that they offer catering. I never thought of PB for catering needs, but I bet it is a big hit at most offices. 

My absolute favorite sandwich from PB is the "Roasted Turkey Artichoke Panini"and it really hit the spot last night it is so good! I get the "Broccoli Cheddar Soup" and love dipping my panini into it. Such a nice combo and a comforting meal no matter what time of year it is. I'm glad we have PB!

This location is in a small strip mall with other popular places and the parking lot can be packed. Patience is key!
I think of Panera Bread as comfort food for me.  The food here reminds me of food you'd get at a Bed & Breakfast.  Or, food your neighbor's cousin's sister's mom use to make when you were a kid.  The menu is basically sandwiches, soups, and salads. But there's enough on the menu to satisfy almost everyone.  One thing about Panera Bread is that their food is always fresh and price is even better.  You can even getaway with a sandwich and soup for less than $10.  My order is usually the same...turkey something.  Either I'm getting a turkey in a panini or their smoked turkey sandwich.  Also don't be surprised if I get my turkey with extra meat.  

The restaurant itself, along with their service, is always right on.  I tend to frequent Panera Breads that are located inside shopping malls, which tend to be smaller. So you can imagine the shock when I walk into a freestanding or strip mall PB.  I had a great time on my last visit, more of those great times to come. 


Smoked Turkey Sandwich:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WGwW2AXJshax1cfizii7Dw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Chicken and Rice Soup:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Mg8e7YrdqoBW3DAnnLgAtA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
I really like Panera and this is a great location (minus the parking lot).

They have indoor/outdoor seating. You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. The staff is really friendly and the food is awesome! Great soups and sandwiches...and fab pastries!! I am totally addicted to their orange scones!!
Panera Bread has always been my go-to spot for soups and sandwiches.  Although this is not the location I usually go to, this is where I went today.

The last time I came in here it was extremely hot.  The AC was broken and it was over 100 outside so we left.  This time it was still hot, but not as bad as last time.  Should look into getting this fixed/lowering the temp.  

I almost always get the same thing here.  A U-Pick-2 with cheddar broccoli soup, a plain tuna sandwich on a french baguette, and a side of bread.  Their cheddar broccoli soup is amazing!!  And the prices are fair. 

I came in with my friend today.  Service was friendly, but both of our sandwich orders were wrong.  First they brought out my friend's sandwich and forgot to add avocado.  While they were fixing it, I looked at my receipt and didn't see "plain" anywhere, so I knew my order was going to be messed up (although the cashier did repeat back "plain" to me).  When my friend's sandwich was brought back out, the lady asked to see my receipt, took it with her, and returned back 5 minutes later with my food.  I am guessing they forgot about mine or lost the ticket.  My sandwich wasn't plain.  Maybe I should have double checked with her when she took my receipt and left with it, I don't know.. 

When we were headed out, the lady that took our order said "Thanks!!"  It was pretty funny, my friend and I both mumbled "For getting both of our orders wrong."  Still a Panera fan, but this location needs some improvements.
Can't go wrong with Panera Bread. The staff at this location are helpful. The food is good, on this particular I ordered the chicken salad sandwich. Normally spot on, it was just okay this time around. It wasn't as good as usual but the customer service made up for it. But as stated before in previous a review, the parking is bad. It's the only thing that prevents me from going to this location more than I do
Everything about this place is amazing, from the food to the atmosphere and the staff. 

Not sure if anyone cares about how a place actually treats their employees, but back in high school and early college this was one of my first jobs, and though it was a minimum wage job it is probably the best minimum wage job out there. Staff and customers are always friendly and it really adds to the place. I was happy working there. (The only reason I left is because I eventually needed a better paying job to pay for school and living expenses.)

The atmosphere is very relaxed and often I still return to study or meet up with friends. Even when I fly around the country I somehow always end up at a panera bread because I know it will be yummy, relaxing, clean, and everyone will be friendly. 

The food is also consistently great. The salads, breads, and coffees are my absolute favorites. The bread and pastries are made fresh everyday and what is not bought by the end of the night is donated. 

Great place, especially if you are looking for some R&R or a nice place to study. :)
Panera is Panera no matter where you go, so I am sure they all have the same tasting food and drinks.  I am a huge fan of the quiche and I came here for breakfast while on a business trip.  One made this an enjoyable experience was the young lady that took my order was the most pleasant person I dealt with all week.  She was helpful and friendly.  Things like this make Panera a great go to place for breakfast.
I love Panera Bread! Well, to be honest, I'm in love with bread in general. In fact, my wife gives me a hard time about all of my bread consumption. Nevertheless, this Panera bread is awesome. My wife and I just opened up a new Eyebrow Threading salon here in the same shopping center so I've been frequenting this location quite a bit. I had always heard of Panera bread from others in the past, but I honestly had never been.

Boy was I missing out. They have delicious Panini's, great bread bowls, and although it might seem like a given, they have great bread. The staff is great and we have a couple employees that come by our salon on occasion.

Also, this is a great place to get together with others to discuss business, study, or relax on quick break. They provide free wi-fi that makes this better than stopping at any Starbucks (not to mention they have great coffee as well.)

Anyways, the place is great and I'm glad I've got a location so close so I can stuff my face with bread until I need a nap. Don't tell my wife though. :D
As is the case with every Panera I've ever visited, this place is absolutely awesome. Great food, nice and clean and the customer service was so top-notch, it surprised me a little. My only real gripes are the facts that they changed their chicken salad at sone point (ruined it, imho) and the bakery never ever has their "blondies" (the best pastry they ever carried) anymore. Other than that, they never disappoint. Panera=quality. Simple as that.
I was working on a network tv show (which I told them when I placed my order) and I had to order lunch for the small cast and crew (11 orders) . I begged them to make sure it was correct. There wasn't even a difficult order (no substitutions) and due to union rules, there are only 30 min for lunch, so if they screw up, I don't have time to go back and fix it. Nathan assured me it would all be ok. I told him, please make sure because I will be FIRED from my job if there was mistakes. (Due to the disaster from ordering lunch from a different place the day before). When I got there, everything looked good, everyone's lunches seemed to be separated and bagged. I paid and got in the car. Ummm where are the two drinks I ordered? Went back in, and oops,  we forgot...thank god I caught it,  I thought. Now I have just enough time to get back to set. When I got back, THREE lunches were missing and several were incomplete (missing soups). I called to speak to the manager, she was nice and she felt bad, but she said " I'm not surprised that your order was screwed up because Nathan is really stupid". 
Awesome.
So thank you panera bread, I have never been fired before- all because some of your employees are too stupid to handle 11 lunch orders. 
And, no, it was to be picked up in the afternoon, well past actual lunchtime. It was empty when I got there.
Save yourself the money and go to Cafe  Zupas up the street.

Eh. So I have been to PB for years and it's just getting worse and worse. Their broc cheddar soup is now watery and has no flavor. Their tomato soup now tastes no better than a can of cambells. I got the turkey avocado sandwich which was smashed to the height of a pop tart. The turkey had weird chewy things too. The brownie tastes like a grocery store brownie. 

The girl at the counter was in a nasty mood too because her co worker asked her to get on the register to shorten the line. Overall the best part of the meal was the bread... So much for enjoying lunch.
The staff is soo friendly. They actually bring the food to your table and take the plates away for you.. something I havent seen at any other branch... I like panera food as a chain.. and this one is no different...
I've never been disappointed by the soup here and the Pick 2 lunch is a fabulous deal. Love the option of a pastry for $.99 with your order too!
It's a everywhere and it's nothing unique but it's mostly fresh and they have mostly healthy options for mostly reasonable prices.

The half/half combos available for all their soups, salads, and sandwiches make this place a constant lunchtime stop for me.  The Fontana grilled cheese.  The tortellini  Alfredo pasta.  The Cesar.  All classics and all done fairly well here.

The negative: the sweeping.  Nearly every time I've been here someone has come by my table and started sweeping the carpet with a brush broom... Over and over and over.  Besides the dust that I'm sure it's putting into the air (and my food) it also makes a whole lot of noise and takes away from the meal.

Certainly not a completely unique adventure.  But fairly solid food for a quick eat place.
From San Diego, I visit Panera bread all the time.  This is my first time to Las Vegas in 14 years, and thought I'd check out this Panera.  It's an extremely busy day, with hundreds of soccer families storming the restaurants, including this one.  Although it is extremely busy, the food was served quickly, and very good, and the wait staff is especially on top of things.

Amy was quick to clean off the table for me and my family, and when she realized I needed a couple more chairs, she helped me locate vacant ones around the restaurant.  You could tell that she really cares about doing a good job. Very attentive, with a nice smile, and a calm demeanor, especially considering how chaotic and busy it was.

This Panera bread is really on top of things, with people like her serving patrons.
This is one of my favorite places to eat at. Whether I am grabbing dinner on my way home or spending a night out with my wife, I have always left the restaurant satisfied. Panera has healthy food; the menus are clearly displayed behind the cash registers. Furthermore, the calories are listed for each item. After one receives their food, Panera has good accomodations--whether you are dining alone or with a group; there are booths, tables, large tables, and small booths. The atmosphere is great; there is soft music in the background and the lighting is soft. I have personally used Panera for means with family, friends, meetings, and personal gatherings. The inviting atmosphere and ample room is also convenient if you are one looking for a good meal and a place to work. The Wi-Fi makes it convenient to use a lap-top / notebook / iPad to do work in a new place. Overall, I have visited this restaurant about many times in the past year and have no plans of stopping anytime soon!
It was my first time coming here in maybe 5 years?! I don't Live on this side of town anymore but I was in the area. I forgot how amazing this place is. Everything looked good on the menu & it was so difficult to decide. The pastries were mouth watering. The staff is beyond friendly! Can't wait to come back. It's so relaxing :)
The Pesto tortellini was so super yummy. I love that they have healthy options as well. I really go to Panera bread for the dark roast coffee though. They make it fresh and perfect every time.
Good for half soup, sandwich or salad deal. iced green tea drink is my favorite.
French onion and turkey is yummy, and if your order a snack for 99 cent.
This place is next to my office and is convenient for me in the morning  to go get some steel cut oatmeal with fruit and pecans, a power sandwich or a nice quiche with some coffee.  The soup and salad lunch deal is great, service is swift and the reputation of its bakery is well known.  This Panera has a nice ambiance.  Parking lot is sometimes hard to find a spot in during the midday.  I like the rewards card as I always seem to be getting a benefit.  The free w-fi is definitely a plus, and the table layout gives you some privacy even when the place is packed.  Not for those on a low carb diet, but for everyone else a nice restaurant for a quick meal.
I absolutely love Panera! The location is awesome, the service is great and the food is AMAZING! I can't go without getting the Mac n Cheese!
The service was fast and good! Also Good employee there to help you with the manu if your not sure what to order! Well enjoyed :0)
I frequent this location and the one at Boca Park often.  After visiting both within the past couple of days I realized that I prefer this location over the other.  The crew Is the main reason for that. They are awesome!!!!! I like how they are genuinely nice and attentive =)  Cashiers are helpful & personable, food is fresh & served up quickly and the location is clean - the girls were constantly clearing dishes and wiping up tables.
This was the first time I've eve tried Panera and I was hoping for more. I got a panini with pulled chicken and creamy tomato soup, my husband ordered a panini also ten realized on the receipt it said something different that what he ordered. He went back to the counter and told the people the situation and they said it would be taken care of- no problem. Well the sandwich he didn't order was delivered to the table. We didn't press the issue because the sandwich looked good but still a bummer when he was expecting something different. After our meal I went up to the counter and got a cookie. I may have not been specific enough but they gave me the wrong kind. When I took it back they switched it for me with no problem. When we sat down at our table it had obviously not been cleaned for awhile. We sat at the other end. The food was ok, restaurant was not very clean feeling and the pastry section was sparse. Nothing like I was expecting. But we had a gift card and I left full.
Your run of the mill, chain food restaurant, where the prices are high and the quality of food is blerrggggggg.

Mind you, the whole add a pastry for 99 cents gimmick sure gets me going, their pastries here are usually pretty good if you get there early.
Most of the time I come in here I get the grilled cheese sandwich, there's nothing special about it, so don't go getting it unless you're getting some tomato soup to accompany it. If you don't you'll be in for a world of dry cheesy hurt, bleck.
I've only been to this location and so far I think Panera is alright. I do like how they have a nice selection for Veggies, but the prices and quality sometimes can be less then expected. For one, in my opinion, the sandwiches are more bread than anything else, albeit good bread. I would like better sides than bread, apples or chips. Want more bread with your bread?
Service has always been great, tables always clean and to go boxes stocked. 
Personally I love their black bean soup- the tomato and mozzarella sandwich is alright. The only pastries I have had have been at the end of the day and kind of dry, but hey, my fault for getting them so late.
Great place for lunch! Delicious menu choices for individual or a small group! I've ordered take out for the office too!
Love this place!! Too bad they don't have close by where we live in the North area.  But whenever we are on this side of town we come here!  The panini's are the best and the broccoli & cheddar soup is yummy!  The employees are also great and recommend the best food if you're not too sure of what to choose off the menu.
Oh Bonnies! I miss you!

The staff here are lovely, especially the owner. The paninis are great and not just your run of the mill stuff either. Nice veggie options too. There is a usually a lush selection of sweet things, oh the danishes! All very reasonably priced and perfect for that one summer's day in Edinburgh when you can have a picnic on the meadows and get your milk bottle legs out for a burn. : )
Bonningtons has only recently relocated to Newington from Leith, and I for one am glad that it did!

It's true, Edinburgh has it's fair share of sandwich delis, but something about Bonningtons puts it a cut above the rest. The service is always friendly, usually with the same 2 or 3 people working there, and so you very quickly become a recognised regular. Unlike a lot of other sandwich delis of this type Bonningtons very rarely runs out of filling ingredients, so you're always guaranteed to get the exact sandwich you're after.

That's the best thing about this place - no matter how bizarre your request, they are always happy to oblige, and they aren't stingy with the fillings either. You can get your food to go, or slouch on their comfy leather sofas with a gorgeous cappuccino for a spot of people-watching on busy Clerk Street outside.

You can't beat it for price either... whether you get one of your own bespoke creations tailor-made to order, or one from their selection of sandwiches freshly made that day (I'd recommend the Goat's Pyjamas with Sun-blushed tomatoes, tangy goat's cheese, basil pesto and roast aubergine), you can expect to pay as little as £2.50-£3.50. 

If you have to buy lunch on the go and you're within a 10-mile radius... go here.
After walking past this place time after time I finally decided to go in and see what all the fuss was about at lunch time. This was further provoked by the fact they finally took down the scaffolding that had been obstructing it for the best part of last semester.

There are comfy couches and a few tables but it's not huge by any means. The staff are lovely and friendly and do not try and rush you with your choice just because it's busy (I am a picky eater). I had a Danish pastry and a tea, all very yummy, but my friend's sun-dried tomato, mozzarella and basil pesto was delicious and the bread was soft and fresh.
Definitely stands out from its neighbouring sandwich bars, and great to grab something and head for the Meadows in the sun!
Bonningtons certainly holds its own against the wide range of sandwich bars available on Clerc Street.  The service is friendly and always seems pleased to see you as well as accomodate your every sandwich need.  Where Bonningtons surpasses its local competition is in the quality and variety of ingredients it makes available for baguettes and sandwiches.  Every time I visit I spend at least two minutes pondering which cold meat would marry best with which sauce or types of salad.  The last time I was in I had pork with apple sauce which was delicious and only cost £2!! 
Although having not tried it myself I noticed that Bonningtons are the only Edinburgh stockists of Caithness Cheeses from north Scotland, a tribute to the range and scope of their produce. 
My one criticism of the delicatessen would be, however, that the shop itself feels a little dark and from the outside can seem almost uninviting. This is a shame and does not do justice to the quality of the food and service inside which is truly excellent without the extortionate price tag.
A relatively new addition to the cafés adorning Nicholson street, Bonningtons is without doubt the best sandwich bar around. With a huge range of high quality ingredients this is a must for anyone who likes create your own sandwiches. They have everything, dried meats (the serrano ham is almost as good as in Spain), sausages, bacon, about 4 or 5 different flavoured types of chicken, meatballs, ham, falafel, hummus, loads of different cheeses, olives, jalapenos, all the salad you could want and a multitude of sauces. As well as this you have about 6 or 7 different types of bread to choose from. The garlic paste is great, as are the olives with serrano ham and brie.

If you cannot make up your mind however, the owner is more than welcome to help out. As it is at the end of my road I often stop in for lunch and there have been many times I have asked for something like a club sandwich with a twist (or other requests) and 10 minutes later I have a sandwich masterpiece in my hands. If even this is too uncertain for you though, they have pre packaged sandwiches, which can all be heated if that's what you want.

As well as sandwiches they have loads of drinks, although there are no Innocent Smoothies any more they have been replaced by another brand equally as nice. Also available are nibbles, and as well as the normal crisps and chocolate bars they sell wasabi peas, a few different flavoured nuts and excellent cakes, including an awesome brownie and rocky road. 

The owner is really friendly and is constantly experimenting with his ingredients, offering advice on what he likes. Currently under refurbishment now, but open again in a few days he plans to install as PS3 and Xbox so people can play whilst waiting for their food - Which other sandwich bars can you say that about. Sandwiches normally cost about £2.50-£3 but with Snapfax you can get 20% off so who can argue with a great sarnie for about 2 quid. Certainly not me
we tried the flat white. milk temperature was good, on the cool side. strength and flavour was good but no real milk texture that would have lifted it.  a good option though if you're in the area, especially if you're hungry as there are heaps of good sandwich options :)
The welcome at Bonnington's was very warm, and their meatball sandwich was one of the best I've had, recently, but their soup was sad, which was a considerable shame. 

Overall, we said: "I found Bonnington's to be "hit and miss". The soup was a let down, but the toasted meatball sandwich was great. I'd happily pop back, as the welcome was warm, but next time I'll choose something other than their soup to match with one of their excellent sandwiches."
I love their Batman sandwich.  
Rocket, avocado, bacon, tomatoe and mayo.

Their soup is just alright.  
Recent one I had was carrot and orange soup. A bit lack of seasoning. 
Something liquidy to go along with your sandwich. 

Service is good if you go there often enough til they recognise you. Or else this will just be one of those walked by sandwich shop.  Get your food and leave.
The only thing worthwhile about this restaurant are the beautiful views of Edinburgh.  I was so excited to eat at this place.  Unfortunately, it was our last night in Edinburgh, we were saving this as a special farewell treat.  We should have saved our money.  The food was mediocre at best.  The staff was attentive, but this doesn't count for anything when they can't serve food to equal service.
i wanted to love this restaurant.. the views of the castle and edinburgh are quite beautiful.. but the service and food was quite lacking.. 

the dishes were quite tiny.. but the duck appetizer was delicious
This was the first place I ever went for a swanky meal in Edinburgh, and although it was a lovely meal I have to say I certainly wouldn't be hurrying back again if I were paying the bill!

That's why I'm only giving it 3 stars - although you expect to pay a certain amount in a nice restaurant, I did feel that the prices here were a little excessive. Although now they've brought in a pre-theatre early bird menu for £16.95, if you're eating from the a la carte menu in the evening you can expect to pay £35-40 per head without drinks.

That said, the food was still very good. I went for the Smoked eel, Toasted Rye, Mustard Mayo and Cornichon Salsa for starters followed by the Guinea Fowl with Walnut Stuffing, Squash Purée and Wilted Kale. Although everything was cooked perfectly and presentation was impeccable, you don't have to be a genius to be able to see that the menu does sound a little bit unnecessarily pretentious.

There were however some things that made this restaurant stand out, and why I thought about awarding it 4 stars. For one, it's perched on top of the National Museum and so the views over the city are second to none, especially if you're there at sunset like I was. If you're there for lunch then a wander through the museum at the end is always a good way to walk off your meal.

Also, although I found it odd that service wasn't included in the prices, little things like not needing to ask for your coat at the end as it's already being held out for you to put on - or even to remind the staff which one is yours - definitely score brownie points.

If you're the kind of foodie who's main concern is being seen in the 'right' restaurants, then this is your kind of place. If you're the kind of foodie who genuinely loves great food and wine, I'd definitely pay this place a visit at some point but I wouldn't put it at the top of your list.
The Tower is part of the same group as The Witchery, the self proclaimed best restaurant in Edinburgh. Whether they actually are the best restaurants in Edinburgh is debateable.

A small group of us went here for a friends 21st. Located on top of the Museum of Scotland, this restaurant has fantastic views. That is where the fantastic ends.

"Excuse me waiter but someone has eaten half my food."

Oh wait, it is just one of those super pretentious places where you need a magnifying glass to look at your overpriced food. Maybe I wouldn't have minded so much if the food had been out of this world, but it wasn't. Comparing it to the Michelin starred Number One, this restaurant falls way behind.

Another negative point was the restaurant was so damn quiet that whenever any of us girls got up to the toilet in our heels all you could hear was "clunk clunk clunk'' on the wooden floor. 

Sadly I found this experience a little disapointing.
We stayed in Edinburgh for 3 nights and picked the Tower for our "classy dinner" night.  While the views of the castle were amazing, the food fell somewhat flat.  I ordered off the 3 course menu and had a gnocchi appetizer, chicken with pancetta main, and cheese and chutney dessert.  My boyfriend had steak and potatoes with a peanut butter chocolate dessert.  The gnocchi was nothing special, my chicken dish was probably the star of the night, and the cheese and chutney was not so great.  My boyfriend's steak was so tiny it was almost comical, the potatoes and his dessert were the winners in his dinner.  Although the views were great, the food was unimpressive and overpriced, Edinburgh has tons of other renowned restaurants I would try before going back to Tower.
The Tower has had a pretty high flying reputation in Edinburgh, as far as restaurants go, for a good few years now. Knowledge to have before you book a table here is that it is pricier than most, but I don't think it's too extortionate considering it's clearly aimed at the higher end of the market, plus there are a fair few restaurants in Edinburgh that operate on similar price levels, and I do think Edinburgh can be a pretty expensive city in general.

I had a meal at the Tower for my birthday a while back, and was unsure what to expect, aside from brillant views across Edinburgh, which the venue certainly delivers. Can't beat a fantastic view on a good day while you're eating your food, so that elevates the experience before you've really started to analyse the meal. I went for the juicy and mostly always satisfying steak option, which was slightly more well done than I would have liked, however I think this was because I asked for it to be cooked medium, when I really should have asked for it to be rare. I think it was more a shift in the way I like to eat a steak, than an inaccurate cooking judgment on the restaurant's part. I enjoyed the sultry, nicely mood lit atmosphere of the Tower, and would recommend it for anyone who likes their dinner date with sweeping views.
I had heard brilliant things before I came her, so was expecting the most amazing experience ever. My experience.....meh!

It's in a great location, you can't deny it. I was really impressed on the way up, I had no idea it was here! It's lovely inside and is really impressive to look at....but meh.

The menu was really impressive, drizzled in this and sautéed in that, .....meh!!

The price was through the roof as expected. Staff were really friendly and OTT. Overall it's a lovely place and good food....but meh
First off I will say I find most food in the UK awful so had low expectations wandering around Edinburgh city center after work on recent business trip. My taxi driver had suggested the Witchery but warned me I probably couldn't get in without a reservation. He was right and the first table they had was 10.15pm :( But the Witchery host suggested their sister restaurant the Tower located at the top of the Museum of Scotland. Seemed more my speed as while we were talking everyone going into the Witchery was in their 60s. Went to the Tower restaurant and had a great meal. Started with what I will fondly remember as one of the best martinis ever. The oysters were awesome as was the grilled salmon and veggies. Dessert was a fruit tart - very unmemorable and don't remember the fruit. The space is very cool and overall would highly recommend the place if you're a tourist and looking for a nice place for dinner as it is on the steep side.
My wife and I went here looking for a classy meal for a reasonable price. What we got was a pretentious atmosphere in mostly the wrong way and food that was only so-so. 

We came for the theater dinner which meant that it was only mildly expensive as opposed to exorbitantly expensive, but also meant that the place was nearly empty, which in addition to being somewhat creepy meant that we got much more "attention" than we wanted.

The small fried fish which I got as an appetizer was too salty to really be consumed and the white fish that I had as an entree was bland and somewhat unsatisfying. I much preferred the hot tatties that we got the following night for literally 1/10th the price.
In terms of being well fed I can't fault The Tower  my one course of partridge breast, bacon & veg was enough to dissuade me from tackling a dessert as well (although that said I managed a bit of each of those that everyone else ordered so can advise that the chocolate mousse and whatever the steamed pudding was were both good and that the stilton needed a third oatcake). My steak knife could though have done with being sharperas the breast required a fair bit of sawing through once or twice. The Saturday before Valentine's Day was always likely to be busy I suppose and the staff were clearly kept going all evening. Being seated in the first banquette by the entrance we were afforded the opportunity to overhear their moans about each other and their admonishments for poor timekeeping, which made for an inclusive touch. The service on the whole was attentive and at times mildly pretentious as noted by previous reviewers (some of the other diners clearly fell into the pretentious camp too of course) but was let down badly at the end of the night when it took nearly ten minutes to locate two of our five coats. It should also be made clearer that upon arrival you're expected to advise the security guards of which booking you are, rather than have them get shirty.
I feel that this place is overpriced. I can't complain about the service. The waiters/waitresses are all very polite, but for the price I'm paying there I'd expect to have much better food.

It appeared to me as if they're sacrificing too much from quality to cut their costs. I'll give a simple example. The olives they bring as a starter are cheap pitted ones that taste like rubber. Order olives at the Outsider (George IV Bridge) and you'll see the difference.

Anyways, I'm not too worried about the quality of olives, but as a whole I've had much better food at much lower prices in Edinburgh. They've got a nice view of the castle, though:)
Ugh!  Husband and I tried this place on vacation, it looked promising when we first arrived.  We ordered cokes although they were really pushing the wine.  Husband had a tomato salad which came quickly and he enjoyed.  His main course was pea soup, I ordered eggs benedict (it sounded good because I had skipped breakfast).  It didn't come, and it didn't come, and our waiter was nowhere to be seen. After 40 minutes husband flagged down another server to check on our food and, voila!, it came right away.  He said his soup was mediocre at best, while my eggs Benny was terrible, the eggs were barely poached, still runny whites even, and the meat texture reminded me of jerky, and the whole thing had a really sour taste.  This is the worst meal we have had since arriving in Scotland.  Very disappointing!
Afternoon tea deal is worth a look. £35 for 2 including a glass of bubbly each. Stunning view of the castle (if you get the right seats, limited view from some that are blocked by "the tower").
Staff were busy preparing tables for Valentines night so weren't as attentive towards the end of our visit as they were when greeting us on arrival.
At first sight this place looked so pretentious that I spent almost five mins before to decide to get in.

I was visiting the National Museum and, after exploring the beautiful sections focused on the earliest human settlements and on the incredible journey of the Scottish platform throughout the whole emisphere, I went to the last floor, to have a break before going to meet the Vikings and the other sections and hosted collections.

After looking at the tables, the maitre, the waiters and mainly felt the chilly athmosphere, my first intention was to jump in the lift, running away as soon as possible. 
My curiosity, instead, forced me to read the menu. There I found a couple of dishes that hooked me: Scottish Langoustine Salad and Haggis Neeps and Tatties. It was already sunday morning and after three full days in Edinburgh I was still missing my first taste of Haggis!

Then I went in.

The Langoustine Salad came with all the machinery of the case. The langoustine was fair, but nothing special. The best part was the veggie side: a surprisingly fresh and vary and tasty salad.
The Haggis was breadcrumbed and deep fried, served in three quenelle-shaped pieces on three islands of thick mashed tatties and three sticks of turnips. Good, good and funny. 
The haggis taste was unexpected to me. In my hometown there are several recipes with almost the same ingredients, but the result is very different and the flavour is more on the "rough" side of the scale.

During the lunch I also noticed some useful breaks in the rigid and formal attitude of the waiters. When needed, also the maitre successfully helped them to make the customers' staying more comfortable. This place may become by far more attractive and cosy, if they would be motivated to take their potential to a more flexible and friendly level (especially at lunch).

I was almost deciding to calculate the vote following Rayan D's average: 4 for the food + 2 for the place = 3 stars, but the beautiful views over the city and the castle easily balanced some useless formalism, so my final result is still 4 :)
Cocktail in the sunshine!

Through the Tower restaurant's floor-to-ceiling windows is a view of Edinburgh in all its stony beauty. The restaurant is located on the fifth-floor terrace above the Museum of Scotland. Drag your eyes away from the view outside and there's a whole landscape of well-sourced Scottish produce on the menu: hand-dived scallops, Pork loins, lobster, beef, heritage potatoes, and so on. 
Haggis bon bons with your crispy squid and a home made pork pie while moules mariners are very well cooked and reminiscent of summer holidays in the Vendee. The poached pear and crème brulees are a lovely end to the meal as the sun sets...

The only problem is that the food isn't quite as good as it should be. It has so much promise and sounds so tasty but it just misses hitting the nail on the head in the way so many other Edinburgh havens do. Having eaten at all the sister restaurants of the group I do feel the food is sub standard to their offerings and would always favour the Witchery or Prestonfield. Lovely view though and a great spot for a cocktail if not a little pricey.
Lovely tea service, excellent service, and very pleasant/elegant atmosphere. I had a table with a great view of Edinburgh Castle. Free wifi is available-ask for the password.
this place is beautiful, came here for a romantic dinner was lovely views of the castle - the only thing is that if you're sitting with your back to it you don't get to see much which is a little rubbish! they could rearrange the chairs and tables so everyone can see the stunning views!
the food was great, as was expected and there was a waiter for every course - including for the bread, and the wine. it was great service.
We had one of the best tables in the house for our dinner here. We were sat right by the window with a perfect view of the castle. We ended up coming to the Tower after the Witchery pushed our reservation back to 10:30 pm. I'm glad we came to the Tower instead. The food was quite delicious and they had a good selection of wine. Very pleasant experience.
If the food from this nice, upmarket deli was labelled like in Alice in Wonderland, the labels would say things like "Eat me- I'm very middle class you know!" The fare is varied and exotic: the first time I went I had a delicious butternut squash and coconut soup, then a tomato-olive-corriander-and-homemade-hummus sandwich; on Day 2 I opted for Jerusalem artichoke soup, followed by a sandwich of stilton, on walnut bread, and with a fig chutney. Spiffing! 

The soup is lovely and hot - in every sense of the word. The meal-deal is also very affordable. £4.25 for a lunch of this quality is a bargain.

I work right across the street, so I'll be ordering lunch from here, like, every day.
I'm updating my review of Appetite to five stars because, frankly, having tried other places in the area, it really is exceptional. Due to an office move, I'm not there as often as I'd like. I miss the amazing soups and sandwiches, and I'm trying to come up with inventive reasons for taking a two-hour lunch break in order to satisfy my addict-like needs. So while I can't go, you should. You won't be disappointed.
I love Panera for their variety and lack of fried food. I'll admit it isn't the best soup, salad or sandwich I've ever had, but overall it's consistent and offers healthy options at all hours.

They are good about changing their menu seasonally and to test new options. Right now they are featuring a thai chopped salad.  While I prefer for the classics and steer clear of the calorie induced panini, I like that I can come and hour and a half before a lunch appointment and utilize their wifi to take care of important tasks. (like yelping...)
I really like Panera for their convenience. I find most of their food to be just okay but I continue to return as I really like their mac and cheese and their lemonade.
Crappy WiFi. Good turkey sandwich. Bravo.
Panera Bread ah yes, a wonderful modern day fast food café. Well I do happen to enjoy Panera Bread although it is an ironic modern depiction of what a Café is. They have some pretty tasty almost-homemade soups and sandwiches and some fantastic coffee. A nice bakery to keep your sweet tooth satisfied and your belly full. More specifically though. I despise this location.

I have been to this location a bunch of times (over 20 at least) and every time I go it seems the same kind of disappointing experience. A couple examples:

 First of all the first time I went here in my life I was still in high school and was here just doing some homework. Not one single table was clean so I cleaned it myself. I went to the front and ordered some soup, a coffee, and a water and got to work on some un-important  English paper that I would never remember. The second I opened my laptop to start working, an employee comes over and very rudely says "how old are you? you can't sit here all night  doing homework." Keep in mind I had only a few sips from my soup and coffee when she arrived in front of me. 

I look up and say excuse me? So she repeats herself. I said well I am a paying customer and you have free wifi, so if people are welcome to use free wifi and you have coffee and a bakery, what kind of place is this? She proceeded to say that they were a Fast-food Restaurant and that she didn't want to get stuck there after her shift to clean my table. I told her not one of these tables were cleaned when I sat down. She grunted and said "yeah right" and trotted away. So, having felt extremely disrespected; packed up my laptop and homework, left my full cup of coffee along with the water and full bowl of soup and walked to the front cash register where her, and her manager were standing. As I walk up I even hear her bitching to her manager about me sitting and doing homework. 

She notices me out of the corner of her eye and immediately stops talking and walks into the back. So I say, "too late". I tell the manager I want my money back for what she had just said to me while I was sitting down. I said I did not feel welcome and would like to take my money elsewhere. The manager agreed but only because I had walked up on them talking about me. I got my money back and said I left my entire meal at my table and left. I couldn't believe it.

Quickly 2 others, one for some reason one of the booths was just missing an entire bench. so their replacement was a random chair which I will try to put in the pictures section of this location. Also I just went here today and ordered and just got a very "hurry up so I can do nothing" response. No thank you just here is your change and move on.

Again I love Panera but this location is just awful, over crowded, rude employees, and just a lack of convenience to customers (i.e. fixing a booth, cleaning tables, etc.)
Panera: it is what it is.  

A perfectly adequate place for coffee, a sandwich, pastries, whatever.  (OK--I take the coffee part back, because I've been to several different locations and have never cared for the coffee.)  The service has been fine the few times I've been here. The food is okey-dokey but completely unremarkable. I'd describe what I ate today, but why bother? I already don't remember what it was.  See what I mean?  An unintended plus to today's outdoor dining experience: being entertained as I watched people react with varying degrees of horror as they clapped their peepers on a couple of mice frolicking under one of the tables. But I digress.  

In sum: if you come here for fine dining you're bound to be disappointed (p.s. you're bonkers, so you deserve what you get).  

Panera: at the pinnacle of mediocrity.  It is what it is.
I live right between 2 paneras and this location is probably the best for parking.  That is a big criteria since panera is a popular meeting place or place to go if you want to get lunch and enjoy some alone time to read or use the internet away from your apartment.  The big downside to this location is that it often is tough to find a spot to sit and an outlet for your computer.  Another downside is that the Mineral Point location feels like a senior center.  It's not unusual to see multiple groups of senior citizens camping out at tables near outlets for over an hour at a time.  The staff doesn't want to ask them to move to another spot freeing up a spot for someone else to sit and enjoy lunch or get some work done.  

The food, especially the breakfast food is good.  Coffee is better than Starbucks.  Prices have gone up quite a bit, so eating there is an occasional treat now, thus the complaint about the senior campers.  If I'm going to eat out and spend almost $10 on lunch, I want to have a nice spot to sit, not have to hunt for an open spot.
I have always liked panera and this location is no exception. I always get the same thing (a chicken Caesar salad) and it always tastes  delicious. The service I got here was pretty decent. The line moved quickly, my food was out about the same time I filled my coffee and everything was about exactly what you expect... BUT...

But here's the deal. I know you can't expect to keep a dining room like this perfect all the time. But when I see an employee empty a trash can an walk right past tons of food on the ground some kid probably spilled... I mean really? It isn't the hardest thing to walk by once every 15 min or so (with as many people as they have working there) and quick sweep up big spills. Also, none of the tables were cleaned off when I got there or when Ieft. It would have been 5 stars from me... But alas.
I normally get my favorite: Bacon Turkey Bravo with extra sauce on side. For an average size deli sandwich,  how much should it cost? $4?... $5?... $6? Try $8. Yes you get a small bag of chips and small pickle slice with your sandwich, but the price is to steep for me to make it a regular stop.  

I find the food very good and a healthy choice alternative to other fast food restaurants. Service is normally quick,  especially during their busy lunch hour. I rate 4.5 stars for cleanliness, service, and food... but with the price factor for what you get, I had to rate 3 stars.
I have been to a number of Paneras in my life. This is the first one I've been to in Madison, WI. This Panera is in a convenient location with lots of parking! 

Very clean and it actually smelled like Apple pie when we entered!

The food came out quick and my Turkey and Avocado sandwich was delicious!!! I definitely will return!
So I can't rave enough about this place! Eat is one of the many cafes at Edinburgh Airport, but definitely my favourite. I'd never heard of this oddly named café before, though a friend has since informed me that they're actually a chain!

The food here is absolutely delicious, and from my meals there (or their fabulous marketing skills) I've got the impression that the food they serve might actually be doing your body some good! They serve fresh soups of the day, and nothing plain and boring either; chorizo, tomato and chickpea soup, as well as Jamaican sweetcorn! The portions are quite generous as well, so unless you're ravenous I'd actually avoid the large size. Aside from their other offerings at the counter, such as paninis and pies (had a great goat's cheese one!) they sell a variety of sandwiches, drinks and smoothies ... everything's packaged to look so appealing and healthy at the same time! Win/win situation. One thing I will say is that they're quite pricey, and I certainly do not support the idea of charging extra for bread with soup! Capitalism!!... well that's another rant all together, but awesome AWESOME food! Their chai tea, which I usually have frapped is fantastic as well!
Why do they not have Eat anywhere else in Edinburgh, except the airport? Why?! I love this place. Ok, it might be a chain - I'd say it has a similar feel to Pret a Manger - but the food just feels fresher, is that little bit tastier and different, and it's just so nom.

It's situated just as you come up the elevator in Departures. Airports are renound for having awful, overpriced food. I remember on a weekend trip to south of England I ate four Costas meatball subs in 3 days. Bad times.

But Eat is just so...fresh, and good, and yummy. There's fresh fruit salads, fresh salads that are really *healthy*, sandwiches, wraps, different Pho soups. There's also the less healthy cakes, pastries etc. But the savoury options really are healthy and tasty and good for you. I had prawn and mango salad with wild black rice, although was torn between that and a tuna and green bean salad - no mayo. This is the sort of food I would eat all day, every day. And it's packaged and 'convenience'.

I know they have more of them down in London, in the busy lunch-time areas. They need to get it up to Edinburgh, on Princes Street. This food is seriously good and it's the one thing I look forward to going to Edinburgh airport for.
Great for fresh & healthy food which can often be hard to find in an airport. Fab selection of breakfast type stuff for early morning starts and good sized portions.  
The Pho soups are a hug in a pot.
i'm definitely a fan of Eat!!  and was super happy when a branch was installed past security at edinburgh airport instead of just before.  this is easily my go to place to grab a bite while i'm waiting for my flight gate to show up on the screen.  the food is freshly made and good quality with loads of choices.  i usually opt for the breakfast menu as all my flights seem to be at the crack of dawn, so porridge or muffins or croissants, or egg and tomato muffins or bacon paninis.  all very tasty!  there is also a great variety of sandwiches, salads, soups, and even fresh fruit available.

this may be a wee bit expensive for a sandwich shop, but as the other airport options are fairly lacking in tasty food i'm happy to pay the extra money.  i do wish they would get a bit better tea as clipper is a not my favourite, but better than what's on offer at the other coffee shops.  so definitely a fan and worth the four stars as i can get fresh fruit along with the croissant :)
After my flight back from Spain I popped into Eat to pick up some sandwiches. I was starving and refused to eat RyanAirs crap but was more than happy to walk through the entire airport just to get to Eat. 

I had the chipotle chicken sandwich and my better half the mexican wrap and yes we shared, cause thats what you do.

Both were really tasty and the quality for price was awesome. Its hard to find fresh, delicious sandwiches in airports! We are lucky to have this establishment in Edinburghs airport.
I go through Edinburgh airport on a weekly basis. I get my breakfast from eat. If travelling early I recommend getting a bacon sandwich and a large orange juice to achieve the right start to your day. This means you can snooze on the plane a little. Only a foolish man gets a coffee before an early am flight. You need to channel that tiredness into a trance like state on the plane. 

At Eat the staff are always friendly if a little bit hectic. Recommended for the ease of use and good seating. If you want water you can get it from the Nero next door.
Got the munchies and realised it's already 4.30pm?

Don't sweat, just wander over to Hanover Street and browse through Pret's delicious range of soups, sandwiches, baguettes, salads, hot wraps and pastries. Everything is made fresh throughout the day and the fact the shop's open til 7pm means there's always something left in the fridge. 

For those on a health kick, they also sell apples, bananas, orange juice, smoothies, detox cordial, sushi and miso soup. I've had the latter on a handful of occasions and rate it better than the miso soup at both Yo! Sushi and Wagamama.
Ok, so it's a chain but as Yelp so aptly puts it on the star rating-o-meter "I'm a fan!" When I'm in town and need lunch without much fuss, but something that tastes more freshly made than M&S, Pret is my go-to.

It doesn't need too much description, but their soups are delicous and especially their coffee. At Christmas time their mince pies are the best I've found, and their chocolate croissants are a really indulgent breakfast treat. Mmm.

My only gripe is there isn't one in the Old Town as it's a bit of a trek when I'm really craving one of their tuna baguettes...
Best almond croissants and the coffee is good too, excellent lunch choices, very good toasties (i like the ham cheese & mustard ones), staff are excellent!!
I still really, really like Pret food but I'm dropping a star as after serveral visits here (for the lunch shift mainly) quite a lot of the staff have made me feel uncomfortable. Namely foreign male staff who seemed to be playing a game about how many times they could call me 'sweetheart' or 'honey' in one order without making me blush, then joking about it whilst they got my soup loud enough that I could hear, and continued to do so.

I'm not sure why this branch of Pret seems to always have some slightly 'off' members of staff. It isn't across the board. But it's happened enough that I now skip two streets up to the one nearer the West End to get my sandwich or porridge. The staff in the other branch are much friendlier.

The low stars are for the staff, the food is as always wonderful and the dining area is usually kept fairly well clean.
Pret is quite simply lunch perfection.

There's not much seating up front, but there's plenty in back. And the staff at this particular location are tremendous. One guy didn't approve that our mozzarella and pesto panini came out a little burnt, so he ran over, grabbed a fresh one and did it again!

Plus, he still gave us the first panini, which we were then able to pass on to a homeless person outside.
Tien Wong, Johnny Chu's latest restaurant creation is now opened.  Housed in the former location of the Citrus Cafe, the interior has been completely redone with a hip open vibe.  Each table is set up for for the focus cuisine, Asian Hot Pot.  This is the perfect food for the cool winter nights in Phoenix.  Hot Pot is the perfect communal food, you select from several different broth options including a vegetarian option then select the vegetables, noodles, tofu, and meat or seafood that you want.  We had the ying-yang broth.  The pot is divided into two sides, one with a red spicy broth and the other side with a more mainstream broth for those not keen on a little heat.  With a broad range of choices, you can pick any number of items to add to the broth.

For those not familiar with hot pot, they provide a simple step-by-step guide to aid guests navigating the hot pot.  Service was prompt and helpful and the food quality and range of options was great and having a vegetarian option was a nice surprise.  The dipping sauces on the side were a nice complement to hot pot and worked equally well with the vegetables and proteins that we picked.  I am not sure why Chandler is such an epicenter of Asian food in Phoenix, but Tien Wong brings a new and fun option in the neighborhood.
We heard about this place on Yelp, so being big fans of hot pot, we headed down to Chandler to check it out.

The first thing that strikes you walking in is the very pleasant atmosphere.  It feels more like a chill-out lounge than a Chinese restaurant, with nice colored mood lighting and some mid-period Bjork on the sound system.  This is much nicer than the typical Chandler ethnic restaurant and more of a "date place."

You are given a small paper menu (like a sushi menu) to tick off your selections on.  You pick the type of liquid that you'd like (we opted for the Yin Yang) and then you select your ingredients.

We had Tong-O (a peppery green), pea shoots, oysters, several kinds of mushrooms, shrimp, bean curd skin, pork blood, rib eye, beef tongue and firm tofu.  Everything was quite delicious.

Service was excellent and attentive and the owner stopped by at least three times to make sure we were happy.

We really liked the place and will definitely be back.  My only criticism would be that the portions were a bit skimpy for the price.  I would suggest either increasing the portion size or decreasing the price. 

Our beef tongue order, for example, consisted of two paper thin slices of beef tongue, basically one bite, for four dollars.  That's a bit light, particularly for an offal product.  An order of soba noodles is less than one cup, which just seems a bit silly.  

It ends up working out to $20 per person for a very light meal and that's a bit steep for Chandler.  But since they've only been open for 16 days, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt on the portion issue.

Dinner for three with no alcohol was $60 including tip.
I consider myself a sort of hot pot connoisseur - I grew up having hot pot at home a few times a year and I've tried hot pot places around Asia and LA, where I'm from. 

As the only hot pot place around (that we could find, at least), Tien Wong is really good. The meat and vegetables were really fresh and clean, which is probably the most important thing about hot pot. We opted with the Japanese Miso soup base because we don't really like the herby stuff they put in the House soup base. If you go, remember to request for the sacha or satay sauce. Sacha sauce is a staple of hot pot in Hong Kong and Taiwan. The sauce Tien Wong gives you is like a sweet soy sauce with cilantro and green onions plus a peanut sauce, but their sacha is REALLY good - better than the ones I've bought at the supermarket. Makes hot pot that much more enjoyable!

My favorite part after eating hot pot is drinking the flavorful soup afterwards. It's piping hot and has all the flavors of all the meat juice and veggies in it. I can drink the whole pot, really. After our meal, they gave us this cool sugar cane (I think) drink. It was kind of bland, but it really cools off your stomach and balances out your qi. 

Service was fast and helpful, probably because they're a little over-staffed. The ambiance is rather fancy, I think, for a hot pot place, but it's really nicely decorated. The place is dim, so it's a little bit romantic, but each table is well-lit, so you can see if your food is properly cooked. 

The only gripe I have about this place is that it is WAY too overpriced. Hot pot should be pretty inexpensive, and the places I usually go to give you good portions for pretty cheap prices. At Tien Wong, the portions are pretty dainty and they charge a lot for them. It's fine, though, because they sort of have a hot pot monopoly. But that's the only thing that's keeping me from going back. :(

Oh, and they don't open until 3:00 every day so don't try to go for lunch!
first, the highlights:

very nice and attentive staff.  my water and tea never went empty.  they refilled my sauces many times without being annoyed.  they replenished our broth after it reduced a little too much for hot pot.

the decor is nice.  very trendy but not ridiculously so.  the muted colors and wood tables with spot lighting really enhanced the feeling that gives hot pot its entertainment appeal: the food is the show. 

really nice bathrooms.  i know that this is a weird thing to discuss but, a nice bathroom really helps to make you feel comfortable wherever you are.  a nasty bathroom can make you lose your appetite and will muddy your outlook on the entire experience at a restaurant.  but no need to worry about that here.  

presentation of the food was lovely.  the crisp and clean veggies were generously piled high.  the sliced meats were rolled which, not only looked nice, but keeps the individual pieces from sticking to each other as well as making it easier to grasp one piece at a time.  the plates and bowls used were modern and simple.  

so, why only 2 stars?  well...

smell.  although the restaurant LOOKS really pleasing, they do not have enough ventilation in place to handle the copious vapors emanating from all the hot pots in action.  end result = smells like dirty cat litter.  or, garbage?  i can't quite place the smell but it's really off-putting, making everything you eat taste like a hint of...  whatever it is.   

cost.  hot pot costs pennies to make.  they inflated the prices SO much that i could not bear to enjoy my meal.  $2 for a TINY bowl of rice?!  not even your typically-sized rice bowl, but a mini-version of that for $2!!!  insane.  the protein selections are also portioned for infants but priced for their rich parents.  the whole time i was staring at the menu, all i could think was, "i could get all these things at the market for a fraction of the price!"          

so what did i do?  i went to mekong plaza and bought an electric burner for $15.  then, i bought veggies and sliced meats for a total of $15.  i went home, made a pot of rice, some sauces, and a soup base.  then i put the pot of soup base on the little electric burner on the dining table.  TADA!  hotpot at home for me, my husband and my brother for $15 startup costs and $15 consumables.  by the way, my husband and brother eat like animals.  and we STILL had leftovers.  wow.  

so thank you Tien Wong, for pissing me off to the point of making hot pot myself and discovering that it's much cheaper and easier to do at home than i realized.  all this talk about hot pot makes me want to eat it for dinner tonight.  and i will...  AT HOME!!!
I had been wanting to check this place out ever since it opened, and since the temperature outside was perfect for it the wife and I met some friends and tried it out together. All four of us had a hankering for shabu shabu so we were eager to see if Tien Wong could satisfy.

While shabu shabu is Japanese and this is a Chinese hot pot place, there are some similarities as far as what you get to cook. We opted for the yin-yang broth, one side being spicy and the other a little sweet. We also ordered shrimp, some bitter Chinese greens, baby bok choy, beef tendon, a variety of mushrooms, some noodles, etc. There is even shabu shabu style beef on the menu. Even though we expected a giant plate full as we've been accustomed to, instead we got a small plate of little frozen rolls.

All in all, the crisp freshness of all the ingredients combined with the flavorful broth made for an excellent meal. I can definitely see me getting a craving for hot pot much like i do for pho, or even my beloved shabu shabu. The staff were quick with recommendations and never left us hanging, and the atmosphere made for a great dining experience.

Tien Wong is much like the Melting Pot (i even think those are the same kinda burners on the tables) but with of course the Asian hot pot instead of the fondue styling. So, while it's immediately healthier for you (no cheese or chocolate) the prices are about the same. However, the price seems much more justified when everything is so FR-FR-FRESH and the staff is so attentive!
Best hot pot in Chandler... well, that doesn't say much as there's only one Asian hot pot restaurant in Chandler.

Make no mistake about it, the portions are small. To feed a group of four adults, you are looking at to pay at least $60 to $80 for the total bill (if you order lots of meats). DO NOT order the rice for $2. Get the shabu shabu beef ($5), much tender and fatty vs the rib-eye ($4) slices.

Two things I like about this place: the soup base and the freshness of the meat. Sure, you can buy rib-eye slices from Lee Lee or Mekong for a lot cheaper, but they are not fresh and the quality is not as good as Tien Wong's. Besides, can you even buy Wagyu slices at Lee Lee/Mekong? 

The other part of the equation for a good hot pot is the soup base. Unless you're an experienced chef who knows how to mix/create a hot pot soup base, the packaged soup base mix you can buy at Lee Lee/Mekong is not even comparable to what you're getting at Tien Wong.

Recently, we just had a home-made hot pot, with ingredients/soup base bought from Mekong. It cost no more than $25 total and we had some leftovers. Yet, once in a while, we still visit Tien Wong. We come for the quality, not quantity.
Ok...I waited a while to write a review about this place because I wanted to at least get two visits under my belt before I make any praises or judgements....and the verdict is...da da the da da..well you already know what it is!  Since this is the only restaurant specializing in hot pot here in Phoenix/Chandler, maybe all of Arizona, there really is no other place I can compare it to.  So I gotta compare it to the hot pot/shabu shabu restaurants I have visited in L.A, San Gabriel, etc.
Compared to the other places I have been, this place tops the list!  The soup broths that they offer are very unique to different asian regions.  I had the Ying Yang which is half non spicy traditional chinese herbal broth and half traditional Taiwanese Ma La Spicy herbal broth.  Sometimes these other place would make the Ma La broth not edible because there is too much of the numbing spice, but here they make it just right.  They also did not skimp on the herbs used in the broth...very flavorful.  THey also offer all their broths vegetarian.  The second time I was there I tried the spicy Lemongras veggie style and is was also very good.
So, Tien got the broth down, but what about their menu items?  Three words...Fresh and Top Quality.
All the veggies and mushrooms I ordered were very fresh.  This is important because with Hot pot/Shabu Shabu there is no hiding bad or poor quality items.  THe meat selection was also cut perfectly and of top quality...comparable to the top Shabu restaurants I have been to in Cali.
I ordered the Shabu beef, lamb, and beef tongue.  the shabu was so tender, it basically melted in my mouth!
In addition, the udon I had was also very good and so was everything else I had the two time I was there.
Everything here is a la carte, so you can always get something different with each visit.
All in all, I will be back again, and again, and again...keep up the quality and the service and I am sure this place will gain the popularity it deserves!!
"Best Hot Pot" in AZ - Great service and good music.  Most enjoyable
3 years ago Chef Johnny Chu set out to bring a hot pot restaurant to the Valley of the Sun. If you're unfamiliar with Chef Chu he's the proprietor of the hip and popular downtown Phoenix Asian tapas joint Sens. Now his dream is realized with the opening of Tien Wong Hot Pot. 

Surprisingly his new restaurant isn't even located in downtown Phoenix, but in the city of Chandler. After talking with Chef Chu on my last visit he explained to me that this location was selected to prove out his concept, in an Asian neighborhood. Low rent and a discerning customer base, he can make all the necessary tweaks for success and will hopefully bring Tien Wong to downtown in the future.

For many the whole hot pot experience might be foreign since many of us are used to having our food cooked for us, forget that. The idea of hot pot while romantic and interactive, is all about you cooking various meats and vegetables in hot pots filled with flavored broths. Each table is equipped with a high powered induction burner where you hot pot is placed, and then you order as many different raw meats, seafood, vegetables and noodles as you desire. 

Once our order started showing up I become overwhelmed and confused, where do you start? What are the cooking times? What do I do? Before allowing my head to explode, I simply took a breather and one of the helpful staff to my aid. In my calamity I didn't notice the helpful hints on the welcome card. However it goes something like this, the broth boils, you drop in the thinly sliced meats, pull out, dip into one of 2 sauces, sesame and soy, then eat, easy. After only a few minutes of practice it all came together into a well crafted experience that's designed for socializing, romance and lingering. 

If you have difficulty choosing your broth, opt for the Ying Yang Broth ($5.95) which includes both the house original herbal broth and the house spicy broth with the later being the most complex of the flavors I've tried. Starting with pork stock, the addition of dried dates, ginseng, Schezuan peppercorns and dried chiles give the base heat and depth. Over the course of your evening the broth evaporates with cooking which adds to the intensity and enjoyment.

Not to be confused with the tips of peas, Pea Tips ($4) actually are the leaves and stems surrounding the pea itself. The tips cook fast and have both crunchy and tender qualities that taste so good either cooked or raw. By contrast the Korean Pumpkin ($3) takes longer to cook but the payoff is so tender you can even eat the thin skin.

Noodles include springy Udon ($3) as well as a Flat Rice Noodle ($3) which resemble chewy flat pieces of rice than a noodle in the traditional sense. Both cook up in a hurry and their absorbent properties are capable for taking in so much flavor. 

Sliced Wagyu Beef ($8) comes from one of the best breeds of cattle in the world. So its no surprise that the meat was flavorful and tender. Add an order of Lobster ($9), if available, for a surf and turf combo. Names aren't always accurate descriptions, take Sliced Black Pork ($4) which isn't black at all, the name refers to the pigs breed since it has black hair and skin. It's super tender and flavorful only taking a few seconds to cook thanks to expert slicing. 

Desserts feature 2 different kind of cheesecake, Strawberry ($6) and Green Tea ($6), both were light and satisfying, the perfect ending to Chef Chu's dream.
My dreams have come true....finally a GOOD hot pot place in the Phoenix area!! (Shabu shabu in chandler is just plain crappy) When my parents dragged me to this place, I thought it would be another Asian hole in the wall place with unimpressive decor and ok to good food for cheap (you know Asian parents). Driving up to the location didn't help my expectations either - Tien Wong being located behind a cheap Chinese food buffet in a dimly lit plaza. I was so surprised!!

The place is so chic - some place I would love to take my friends that might be intimidated by Asian food. As for the food - also very delicious! We ordered the herbal house broth. We asked the waitress how spicy the spicy broths were and she described it as "on a scale of 1-10, it's an 11". So enter at your own risk! (we also asked a table next to us how spicy it was...they said incredibly spicy) If you want to take a taste, you can try to order the ying yang broth (half and half). I incredibly enjoyed the herbal broth and it brought out what I love most about Asian food - a medley of complex yet delicate flavors and numerous spices. In your broth, you have a series of aromatic spices such as anise, along with some flavors you would see in Asian desserts - such an aesthetically pleasing and interesting mixture that goes very well. The unfortunate thing is a lot of the flavors are diluted when they refill your broth with a general broth from a pitcher (given to all tables).

Now what to order...I highly recommend beef tongue. I've had it several places, but this is the first time I've seen it in the Phoenix area and quite delicious here, too! Beef tongue is one of those things that sound like you would never think to be good, but then you fall in love with it. It's very easy to eat! I also enjoyed the shabu shabu beef and ribeye. For noodles, you MUST get the udon. I'm pretty sure there's not too many people out there that don't love udon, and it goes especially well with hot pot. I also recommend the 5 spiced tofu...I seriously need to know how to flavor my friend tofu like this...and the fried mushroom tofu. For those unfamiliar with Asian food, for veggies I recommend bok choy, enoki mushrooms, and white mushrooms. For dessert, the green tea cheesecake was very nice to end on, although nothing to be wowed by.

What's best about this place? $5 for unlimited broth. Each place ~$5 of less for a very good portion. It was $18 per person for a 4 person that included 2 desserts (green tea cheese cake and strawberry cheesecake...$6 per place i believe). They also give you sugar cane drinks after you pay your bill! All in all, delicious, fun, clean and chic hot pot place. Great for groups, although I'm not sure if it's good for 2 people just because the portions are large so you could really only order 2-3 items. Will be taking my friends here, but this time for some Sapporo to go along, too!
Heaven....that is the only way to describe Tien Wong Hot Pot. I have never written a review before, but had to after eating here last week. Hubby and I moved to AZ a few years back from CA, and the thing we missed most were our nights out for Shabu. When I discovered this place via Localdines, we knew we had to try it. After our meal, I wanted to jump out of my chair and hug Chef Johnny Chu!! He visited each table that night making sure everyone was enjoying the experience. I have been dreaming of the beef tongue, wagyu beef, razor clams....and well, everything... ever since! I was so happy to see a long line forming as we were leaving. I want this place to stick around!!
Disclaimer: This rating is exclusively based on a very brief experience at Hot Pot, none of it food related.  

We walked in around 8ish on Saturday night and saw 3 open tables (two 4 top, and an 8 top which was 2 tables slid together).  But, there was a couple sitting down waiting for something.  A server came over, asked if we wanted a table.  She must read minds, we said yes.  She looked around, saw the 16 open seats and said... "want to wait 20 minutes?".  I was completely caught off guard with that line of questioning.  This place maybe had 20-25 people eating, that is 30-40% of the place was open yet there is a 20 minute wait.  The obvious answer was no.

There was no markings on any of the tables signifying reserved, and she didn't claim that they were.  1 of the 4 tops needed to be bussed but there wasn't any rush for them to get that done, and we weren't offered to wait a few minutes to get that table ready.  

I wanted to try this place after reading about it in New Times but there is something about atrocious service/communication that sours me on places.  That and apparently we would need the place to be at less than half capacity to get seated.
I literally couldn't say enough good things about Tien Wong. It succeeds in almost every way except possibly locale. But it also represents a successful culmination of all of Johnny's previous efforts. 
The food is a score- its almost impossible to make this meal unhealthy, and yet, it is packed with flavor. You could tailor this meal to fit almost any palate, from the adventurous to the timid tongue. My experiences over 2 visits remind me much of the experience will depend on who you attend with. I found the range of ingredients to add to be phenomenal, including housemade tofu, a range of asian greens, and a huge variety of meats. I'm a tough critic of seafood in the desert, but the mussels, on both visits, were top notch. The fish balls were equally good.  Definites on any trip should include enoki mushrooms, quail eggs, almost any of the beef (though we loved the black pork, too) and the tofu. having tried the Yin Yang, we were disappointed in the blandness of the yin vs the ridiculousness of the yang hotness... much of the meal was spent trying to blend the two to the right proportions. I preferred the lemongrass, and would love to try the curry or miso. Frankly, I'd love them to trust us enough to use the split pot on any two broths we like (not an option- they're scared guests would mix two broths that wouldn't work together, so they control the experience this way). 
Be forewarned, any of the spicy soups just get spicier as time goes on....  Really hope that Johnny focuses on these small, authentic spots, rather than expansion, crazy upscale spots, etc.
After my third trip to Tien Wong, I thought it was time to write the raving review it so obviously deserves, even despite the fact that they do not serve alcohol!

Hot Pot is basically fondue with a soup broth instead of cheese. It is an absolutely amazing concept and is a great group or date event. It is a blast to go through and pick different veggies and tofu (they have meat and fish as well) and try new things you never would have tried under normal circumstances.

I have really grown to love the greens, Tang O, taro root, the five spice tofu, and the iced tofu. They have probably 5-6 kinds of mushrooms, bock choy, spinach, four or five types of noodles, dumplings, and somehow like 4-5 different types of tofu! It is amazing! You also get a peanut and a soy dipping sauce, but I think the flavor of the vegetables drenched in miso is amazing without any sauce!

I saw someone complain about the price here on Yelp, but we had dinner last night for 4 with a hot tea and a dessert for $50.00 total. We had 4 different dishes of tofu and 7 different kinds of vegetables in our huge pot of miso broth so that we could try our a variety. Every single one of us was stuffed and remained full throughout the rest of the night. I think it is a great value. 

People who don't normally eat vegetables or Asian enjoy the fun experience, and enjoy being able to try something they normally wouldn't. Also a great place to take a group of people so that you can all try something a little different.
Asian Fondue...AMAZING!  

Decor was simple yet elegant.  Service was exceptionally helpful and attentive.  Simple items and preparation that capture the true essence and flavor of the food.  

Perfect "hot (s)pot"  for a non-rushed, enjoyable night of dining and enjoying company.

A keeper.
This place is fairly new and the decor shows how clean it is.  But it doesn't give me the HotPot vibe.  It  was pretty empty when I went there for dinner and it's a Southeast Asian decor.  And I thought Hot Pot is mainly a Chinese thing.  

I had the Ying Yang pot (spicy and plain on the two sides of the pot).  The pork broth produces a strong flavor for the soup.  All the spices in the two sides made the base very strong and flavorful.  Actually it almost seemed a bit too heavy for my taste. And the spicy side is very spicy (at least to me).  For the additional sauces they had their own version of soy sauce and a peanut sauce.  It was a bit sweet for my taste, so I didn't use it that much.  But the meat and vegetables dipped in the broth was definitely enough for flavor.  The napa especially soaked up the spicy broth very nicely.  I like drinking the broth after the meal to relax my stomach, but the strong broth is more like a starter soup instead of an ending soup.

We had the shabu beef and lamb.  They were sliced thinly, but the meat just didn't seem as tender as I would like it.  And the portions were very very small.  The presentation/dishes were very nice, but the food quality just isn't there.

If you like strong broth flavors, then you can try this place.  But honestly, as far as Hot Pot goes, this place is very expensive with very little portions.  For the price we paid, we could have gone to Texas Roadhouse for a prime rib.  The food provided is about average as well.  If you can't travel to California and you have a craving Hot Pot, then I guess this is the only alternative.  But it may be better and cheaper if you just set it up at home.
My wife and I heard this restaurant from Arizona Republic and we decided to come and check out the place. The owner really helped us choose the best food in the house. The place is so clean and we were very satisfied by the service.
This place is AWESOME! 
I went here with my family for my birthday dinner last night, and I could not have chosen a better place. I've been dying to eat here ever since the New Times published an article about it a month or so ago. 
First off, the concept is great for families. The tables all have special stoves built into them where big pots are placed and you essentially cook your own soup. A lot of the menu items are in Korean [forgive me if I'm wrong on that] but the waiters are excellent at explaining that the different items are and what goes together well. 

The choices of meats, sea food, veggies, and other add-ins are nearly endless. My family of 5 got an order of wagyu beef, two orders of shabu-shabu beef, chilean sea bass, halibut, three orders of udon noodles, an order of some egg noodle [the waiter suggested it, but I can't remember what it's called!] spinach, enoki mushrooms, house-made Iced tofu and dumplings. We ordered the ying-yang broth and the Thai style spicy peanut broth [I'm not sure what this was called]. 

Next time I go [as there will defintely be many more visits here] I want to try the quail eggs! The house-made Iced tofu is a must try, it's the most delicious tofu I've ever had and has a unique firm texture. 

 Our order totaled about $85, which to me is pretty reasonable considering the freshness of our food and the speed of our service. The waiters constantly come around refilling your pot with fresh broth, so you can keep cooking until all the ingredients ordered are used up!

The cuts of beef cooked the fastest, about 10 seconds. Spinach takes about 30 seconds to a minute. Noodles took several minutes. The bass we ordered took several minutes, but you spend a lot of time fishing out what's already cooked so it's not a big deal. There's defintely a learning curve to cooking here. 

What's great is that if you cook in small portions, so if you decide you don't like something, you can try a different combination of ingredients. 

I highly suggest choosing the ying-yang broth if you can't decide on a broth, as you get both a basic  $1 ramen-esque broth [they add all kinds of interesting seasonings though, so its delicious!] and the super spicy Hong-Kong style broth. Plus, it satisfies everyone's preferred spicyness level, which can be a huge issue at the dinner table in my family. 

The waiters constantly came around checking to make sure everything was okay and answer any questions. They were so helpful! I'm not sure, but I believe the owner came by our table several times checking on everything. 

I would highly recommend this place to anyone, as we had a fabulous time and some great food.
I went to this place for the first time with my friends. The place is mixed between modern and classic. It remind me of the 'Bo Ca 7 Mon' restaurant which is closed. The mirrors are kind of creep me a bit. We are seated. The restaurant have no one there. My friend know a lot about hotpot so I let her order. She order two pot: one spicy and one not spicy. The food is pleasant and the atmosphere is nice. The staff is friendly. I like the thinly slice beef. I am not the one who payed so I can't complain about the price. Everything is good why four star?

The egg is the one that tip me off. I know the shell is show the freshness of the egg but if you want the customer to crack the cooked egg by themselves, give them a bowl of water or something. The eggs are hot and I feel bad for my friend who burn his hand while cracking it.

The staff doesn't refill anything unless we ask for it. They rarely check on us. And when we want to pay, we have to wait as well. Guess they don't want money.

The green tea cheese cake is weird for me. A mixed between cheese and tea not a good idea. And I don't even know what is the black thing they put on. Decoration or sauce of the cake. They don't mixed really well.

Otherwise, I will come back here to eat again. Maybe this time I will order the food.
Great place to go on a date.
This place was awesome, the base for the soup were awesome. We got the combination and of hot and regular. The hot was a little too hot for me but  I guess I could have asked for it mild to begin with. The meat was soooo good, the shrimp puffs were amazing. We could not go wrong with the veggies and the mushrooms. The green tea cheesecake was very good too. The service was very attentive. I feel sad that the place was not busy but I kind of understand it with the weather being so hot, hot soup is not what one craves, but once we were inside, the place is cool and the food which is the most important thing was excellent.
This is the only Hot Pot spot in AZ that I know of. The food is excellent along with the service. I recommend the YinYang broth as well. It's a nice leisurely dinner where you can spend a few hours eating, chatting, drinking, eating, chatting, drinking. It makes for a very pleasant experience.

I have seen a lot of "too expensive" comments. I guess it's all relative. My friend and I ate there and ordered Wagyu, lobster, rib eye, bok choy, noodles, snow pea leaves, and bamboo. We dined for 2 hours and the total bill with tip was like $25/ea. I have no problem paying that for good food and this was good food.

Now if you typically dine at Hometown Buffet, or any buffet for that matter, you may want to opt for McDonalds or an Oriental All-You-Can-Eat joint.
Being Chinese, and having hot pot alot as a kid, this restaurant was disappointing. I expected a hot pot restaurant to be fill with Asians hunkered over steaming troughs of soup. This restaurant is trying to make the hot pot experience as what I would describe as "urban chic". I should have known seeing the clientele. No Asians eating here on a Saturday night. Although I appreciate the variety of vegetable and protein choices available, I must agree with the other reviewers that the menu is expensive. If you are a hot pot purest this place isn't for you.
Excellent service, fun food.
I love this restaurant concept. It makes for a fun dinner between friends and family. I wish there were ones like it in Central Phoenix so I don't have to drive a half hour for good food and a good dining experience. 
The veggie options offered are plentiful and fresh, which is important to me. The broth is so flavorful. But be warned weak tongued restaurant-goers, the spicy broth has a kick that will stick!

Some are saying it's too expensive? I think it's worth it.
Like many others have said, this is pretty much the only hot pot restaurant I have found and I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Like many ShabuShabu restaurants (btw, this is not really shabu shabu...i think its Chinese hot pot, but i'm not sure?) this place can get expensive depending on how many  meats and vegetable options are ordered, but it is good to keep in mind that the quality of the meats, tofu and veggies is very good. The freshness and variety of veggies is what sold me. Also, the place offers a great variety in soup broth selections. 

So far, the only one I have tried and really enjoyed is the YinYang broth. This broth is actually a combination of two with a divider separating them so its almost like a two-for-one special. One broth is spicy and flavorful while the other is a bit more settle, allowing your taste buds to enjoy of flavor roller coaster. Another great thing about this place is that they keep adding liquid to the broth so you never run low on it.

Side note for the minus 1 star: avoid the juices and a lot of other drinks, they are too sweet or come straight out of a bottle. Stick to water and they serve you tea at the end.
First review of mine ever. This is an awesome place! Just had a wonderful dinner with my friend.

From a Chinese point of view, they offer very traditional/professional hot pot. All the food look very fresh and clean. Service is very good (cute waiters, haha). I'll definitely go there again!
So it was my second time when I actually enjoyed what I was eating because we actually knew what we were ordering.  And the broth was a lot better than the first time.  The first my friends and I ate at Tien Wong, we had ordered the Ying-Yang pot, which had the spicy and mild on each side, it was okay.  This time, we ordered the Lemon Grass one. Which I highly recommend!!! It was so much better than the Ying-Yang.  

NEVER NEVER NEVER get the quail eggs.  It was a waste of money.  and make sure to get lots and lots of beef slices.  That's like my favorite part of eating hot pot.  I like eating the clear Asian noodles one the most...it doesn't make the broth all thick after putting the noodles intot he broth like the udon noodles.  

I also really like the fact that they're open really late.  Midnight snack!!
We went because it was a new restaurant and they had a well known chef/owner, Johnny Chu, formerly of "Fate" in Phoenix.  It's in a strip center with both a Japanese (Ninja)and Chinese restaurant (Chinese Gourmet) as neighbors, on Alma School in Chandler.  Decor was pretty and new, somewhat mod with large very colorful silk lanterns hanging from the high ceiling. Each table has a cooking element in its center which will keep your broth bubbling hot for cooking. 
I need to warn those who don't like to have to cook their own meals, that you will have to work for your Hot Pot!  I would call this a high class oriental fondue dinner of sorts.  You choose a broth for the two of you, about half a dozen choices, both mild and spicy, then the individual ingredients (starches like rice or various noodles) and proteins (beef, pork, chicken, tongue and various sea-foods) and veggies (variety of oriental greens and several types of mushroom) and many different kinds of tofu.  The individual ingredients are brought out on plates, beautifully displayed and of course all raw.  A stainless steel pot of broth is placed on your burner and your are given tongs, a ladle, a long handled strainer plus your chopsticks and ceramic soup spoons.  Most ingredients need not more than 1 to 2 minutes to cook and flavor your broth.  We ordered the spicy Thai Tom Yum broth which needed a lot of soy sauce and hot chili oil to flavor it properly, there was no salt or pepper on the table.  The noodles we ordered (chow fun) were about a half inch wide and 10 to 12 inches long, making it very difficult to eat without slurping and dripping broth on your chin and upper chest!  All the ingredients were beautiful to look at, fresh and vibrantly colored and individually full flavored.  Unfortunately the soup bowls were tiny, perhaps 12 oz. capacity, more slurping and dripping.  I had coconut milk to drink, tasted fresh and delicious, my wife had jasmine tea, also very good.  No alcohol is served, you can however BYOB if you wish.  For dessert we split a strawberry cheese cake, very beautiful and rich tasting.  Total bill was $37 + tip, I thought a bit steep for a bowl of soup, but it did fill us (added 5 ingredients).  I would give the atmosphere a 4, the service a 5, the food a 3  1/2, and the value a 3  1/2..
I haven't had Hong Kong style pot pot since I lived in Manila, so I was so excited to hear about Tien Wong Hot Pot. It was delicious. It's also fun to eat as a family putting different foods into the broth. It's a great experience for a meal to share and talk. Very cute and chic ambiance. Professional and attentive service. I will go back again and again.
Highly overrated. BYOB charges are high.  Food is average at best and the atmosphere was nothing over the top.

I would have to recommend passing on this one.
I don't get this place. The food completely lacks seasoning and flavor. Highly overpriced and they charge you $1 per drink to drink YOUR own drinks you bring! Then $7 per bottle for wine.

Skip this place. It does not deserve the high marks. 

The food comes out raw and then you cook it yourself in 2 different pots of boiling water. One dark, one light. Neither had any flavor.

Good luck trying to get any service either. Our water glasses sat empty pretty much the entire time we were there.
I have never had hot pot before and just happened in here with my boyfriend. It was really delicious, all the ingredients (we didn't get any meats so can't comment on that) were really fresh, and came in good portions. We got an order of Korean Tofu, Skitake mushrooms, enoki mushrooms, bok choy and clear noodles (forget what they are called) and we were very full at the end. We got the Coconut Satay Chili broth and really loved it. I thought it was very flavorful, although I would have liked it to be spicier.  For that and two softdrinks (which come in bottles) we paid $20, maybe up to $25 but I think it was $20.

We had great service, and they were really nice about explaining how to cook and such. I like that they tell you how long you should cook each item for. The restaurant is also really nice inside and comfortable. Not sure about the bathrooms because I didn't use them.
I came here the other night with my brother. We were up late on a week night and happy to find some place that wasn't fast food or Denny's. Seriously, what is up with the lack of delicious late night eats in the East Valley?

Anyway, we had a great time and the food was very good. We were seated right away and the staff was very friendly. They walked us through the whole process because we had never done hot pot before. They made sure we always had plenty of water and came by to top off our broth a few times.

The water was especially important because we got the Yin/Yang broth and the spicy one was ridiculously spicy. Very flavorful but crazy spicy. 
The mild broth however was too mild. We found that mixing the two made a great broth. We tried some enki mushrooms, bok choy, the regular beef and they had a special of scallops. Unfortunately, they were the small scallops so they kind of got lost in the broth. If they had been the larger kind it would have worked out better. 

We had a lot of fun making our soups and just generally playing with our food. We left completely stuffed and with leftovers for later in the evening. We were kind of conservative because it was our first time but, I think next time we will go a little more wild in our selections.

The tea at the end was delicious.

I understand why people complain about making the food yourselves. If you're one of those people you probably won't like a fondue restaurant either. It's about the experience and if you have fun interacting with your food you will enjoy this kind of restaurant.

 I also think this is more of a small group restaurant 2-4 people tops. Stick with two if you have picky eaters or dietary restrictions. I say this because all the tables seem to only have one burner per table. Perhaps they could use a split pot for broth other than the Yin Yang? I don't know. Just something to think about.
I LOVE this place!! Such a cool, unique vibe.  I love the assortment of broths (if you like hot, get the tom yum or house spicy).  The choice of veggies and meats is extensive.  I always wind up having to google some of the menu items! This place is great for adventurous eaters.  AWESOME for groups!
After Shabu Fondue closed in Chandler. I swore to never go to the Melting Pot. But there is a GOD! When Tien Wong Hot Pot opened I was elated to try it out. The fiance and I went there during the weekend and was very impressed with the quality of food! The shabu beef and tofu is amaze! Oh and the GOMA SHABU sauce?! SO GOOD!

The service was great. The atmosphere may seem a little fancy-shmancy but its a pretty casual joint. Its not too loud in there as well, even with the big families that often dine there. The prices are decent and the portions are really good too! 


FYI Their hours changed from 5-11 pm.
Went last night and the food was really great!  I really liked the selection on the menu - wish they served beer but otherwise....you gotta try it!!!
Background information on me.  Born in Taipei and grew up in Northern California.  Speak Chinese fluently.  Been to Taiwan ~15 times in the past 10 yrs for business so I do know what hot pot place would look like in both Taiwan and California.

My family also do hot pot at home once every few months.  Hot pot is a popular home meal in the winter time.  Decided to Came to this place based on Yelp review.

Short conclusion:
This is not a typical Chinese hot pot place.  It's a poor attempt at going somewhat upscale from what a typical hot pot place in Asian and SoCal.

Taste:
Two sauces are provided without any option.  This is generally a big no-no in hot pot place.  Generally customers are provided with lots of sauce options.

Meat and vegetables are fresh which is about the only good thing.

A few hot pot soup base option.  We chose the original so the kids can eat.

Price:
Food price is considered quite high for a hot pot place.  It was $100 for 3 adults and 2 kids.  Serving size is small to medium.  All 5 of us were still somewhat hungry and left to find another restaurant for snacks and drinks.

Service:
Service is rather poor.  Had to find the waiter a few times to get anything.  Once in a while, the waiter will come by and shut-off the electrical stove for you without checking with us while something is still cooking in the pot.

Not really sure why other reviews are so positive.  I am guessing that most of them have little or no experience in a Chinese hot pot place prior to this.

So for people who are expecting a Chinese hot pot place, skip this place.
There is a much better hotpot buffet you people should try. It is the the Volcano Buffet .  With hotpot. it is $20 with free drinks. It's in Mesa   Not cheap, but worth every penny.  Take it from a Chinese who know Chinese food.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/volcano-buffet-mesa
FUN experience and good food. This is a place to share with friends and just mingle over simple but incredibly flavorful food! 
We had the Ying yang pot (the pan is actually divided in the middle so you can taste two different broths). My first time there I had the spicy lemon grass on one side and it was soo tasty and I don't generally eat spicy food but this was worth trying, on the other side we had the "house broth" and that was a little bit more bland. After they bring the broth to your table, you let it simmer before adding the noddles, veggies or meats that you can select from a menu. All the items you put into the broth are a-la carte and you can order as many as you will like. My husband like the lamb and I love the variety of mushrooms they offer (shitake were my favorite). Will be returning here soon.
FINALLY a Sichuan style hotpot in the valley!! I have been travelling to Taiwan and China since 1996 and every time I'm there we would visit hotpot places at least twice a week. I've been DYING for one of these to open in Phoenix, it's just too bad I have to drive all the way to Chandler!!

I won't go into the detail of how it works, what I will say is that it was delicious. The hotpot soup itself is quite good, not as hot as I've had in China, but definitely tasty. The prime rib was in my opinion the best meat, but also the lamb is quite good and more traditional. 

Nothing goes better with hotpot than cold Chinese beer, so we stopped at Ranch market and picked up some Chingtao prior to arrival. They charge $1 per bottle to open it, so we brought the big bottles.

BOTTOM LINE: Driving to Chandler is faster than flying to China! I'll be a regular.
Let me start by saying I LOVED this place...I went here last night with Erin B. and her BF and my BF. I had been wanting to try this place for probably a year now, and I feel so dumb that I waited so long to eat here (I literally worked a mile away from here for like 4 months and live off the same road for the past 2 years....all the missed opportunities!). The four of us had the yin yang broth....it was good, but next time I would just get the spicy broth....it was ridic good. The original broth was tasty, but didn't even touch the spicy as far as flavor. I liked that the broths had different aromatics in them to give the flavor more depth, the broth had big slices of ginger and many other unidentified (to me) but good tasting spices and vegetables in it. We ordered: five spice tofu, 2 orders udon noodles, 2 orders shabu shabu beef, wagyu beef, pea tips, baby bok choy, enoki mushrooms, and corn. The best thing was the pea tips...we all LOVED these! I have never had them before, but it was soooo good, sweet, but not too sweet. They tasted like peas, but in a different shape. The wagyu was delicious, but the shabu shabu beef was also very tasty, both cook very fast (20 seconds or so). The lighter brown sauce is slightly peanutty and compliments the meat perfectly. I really liked the bok choy, but the boys were not fans (Oh well, more for me). I think the only thing most of us weren't huge fans of was the corn. It was just a little more waxy than typical corn, not bad, but not amazing. My favorite part of the meal was towards the end, you can ladle the broth into your bowl and eat it like soup....the broth is spicy and flavorful, the noodles and veg are perfect....this is clearly some high quality stuff. 

We spent a long time here eating our food and talking and the bill was only 50$ for the 4 of us. That is pretty standard for a meal for 4, you would spend that at many national chains. I cannot believe people complain about the price... I thought it was cheap for all that we got and the quality of the food, and if you go to the Melting Pot (whose meat, in my opinion, sucks because it is not sliced thin) you pay WAY more money... I'd come here over that restaurant any day. In fact...I want to go back....today......or as soon as possible. 

The only problems were: there was only one set up for cooking meat for the table (we probably should have just asked for another, so not really their fault), they didn't explain the process without being asked, and they forgot our noodles and we had to remind them to bring them, but these were very minor flaws. Definitely not significant enough to not go there or even lower their rating. 


PS the 4 stars is temporary, if I had the same experience that I had last night again it would definitely be bumped to a 5 star.
The service was just okay.

I really enjoyed the experience and am glad I went.  However, the vegetarian broth with veggies in it was so so so bland.  I will not go back.

I liked that you could do 1/2 and 1/2 so my friend could have the regular pork bone broth in 1/2 the huge bowl and I could have the vegetarian in my half.  It was fun to pick out veggies like thai pumpkin and white mushrooms off a paper menu (like you do with sushi).  

I think for what you get it is very overpriced.  For my veggies in broth it was about $12 and I left hungry.
Basically one of the worst meal I've ever had.  I'm chinese and my expectations for hot pot are pretty high and this place was an epic fail.  The sauces they prepared for dipping were just questionable, one of them tasted like just plain vinigar.  We got one of the beef plates and one of the pork plates plus some vegatables.  We literally got 5 slices of meat for $6.00.  

I was hoping for a place comparable to hot pot in Beijing, but this did not even come close.
I love this place!  My family and I always love getting Shabu-Shabu in California but we couldn't find it in AZ (except Sushi on Shea which was just so-so and terribly expensive).  I was thrilled to find this place on Yelp!  We drove from North Scottsdale to Chandler just for dinner tonight and we were not disappointed.  We all loved the beef (ribeye and shabu-shabu beef), chicken, and the shrimp.  I loved the spicy lemongrass broth and my family preferred the traditional/house broth.  

The waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable.  She helped explain the difference between Hot Pot (Chinese) and Shabu-Shabu (Japanese) - basically the broth is different and the vegetables and meats are ordered individually vs. a platter of meat/veggies like at Shabu.  Either way, this is delicious and if you love Asian food, somewhat healthy food, or Shabu-Shabu, you will love this place!
Gem in the middle of the desert.....I was surprised how chic this place was. Lanterns, nice furniture, and cleanliness. Great service and a knowledgeable waitress....thumbs up. We had the veggie mushroom and some fish balls and meat. Half with hot chilli peppers and one side mild. Oh and we had bean curd, which was freshly cut. It was delicious....me sweating as i eat the hot side of the pot. If you haven't tried hot pot....this is a good place to start.

Oh and great hip music playing.....good for young people.
We had a wonderful meal here with another couple.  It was our first time so we were a little uncertain on what to order or how much.  We ended up taking a lot of suggestions from the waiter who was well versed in the options.  It is BYOB so we brought our own beer which was a good match with the food.

We did the half and half with the Lemongrass broth on one side and the ying/yang on the other.  We all loved both.  We did a variety of meats (Lamb and beef) as well as some squid.  Beautiful mushroom options and bok choi and a few other veggies.  All four of us left perfectly full and the bill came in under $60.  I saw a few other yelpers mention it was way overpriced and the broth was unflavored.  A mystery to me.  

The atmosphere is nice and cool lighting and contemporary style is a real nice touch considering the strip mall area it is in.  The only down side I experienced is a stormy night produced a pretty nasty leak in the men's room.  They said they were renovating in a few days so I hope that is something they catch.  

All is all it is a great concept and a great product.  The service is excellent as well.  Bring some beer and go have some fun with a group.
Very fun place to eat.  Super friendly and helpful staff allow you to understand this unique format for eating.  Great way to eat at your own pace and the food is light, full of variety, healthy and hugely flavorful.  

Nice atmosphere that allows an intimate table for two or a decent sized group.  Comfortable, hip atmosphere.  BYOB allows you to not be disappointed with the wine list.

Great stuff!
This place is great.  If you're starving and in the mood for quick food...it's not your place; but otherwise a great idea...especially for a date night or celebration. 
We got the yin-yang pot (the spicy side is VERY spicy), beef, shrimp, several vegetables and clear noodles.  Played it safe this time but will be more adventurous next time.  The waitstaff is really invested in making sure you have a good time and assuring you that there is no "right" way to do it.  

The produce is incredibly fresh. 

LOTS of food for about $40.
This is a pretty good place, considering it's in Arizona. Naturally you can't expect it to be on the same league as places in china or california, but for being in Phoenix, it's one of the best hot pot places i've found so far.

It is -not- AYCE, so that means it'll be a little pricier, but the quality is there. They have a large variety of ingredients to try, which includes like 5 or 6 different types of mushrooms, many different cuts of beef, seafood etc. 

Not to mention its open late, which is great for us night owls.

Overall, I'd say its a little pricey, but you're paying for quality ingredients. Choose your broth wisely, or ask for recommendations :)
Went here the other night on a double date and we all had a good time. No complaints. We spent about $60 for around 15 sides and in the end we were all pretty well fed. I always like the supply your own alcohol concept and the service was fine. Great double date spot. and way more moderately priced than the melting pot!!
I don't remember when was the last time a restaurant has upset me so much that I have to give a one star rating, and I don't have a choice for 'no star'. Yes, Tien Wong made it happened, yikes...

You received the one star not because of the food, but the worst services I have ever received in this valley. We were excited to try this place on a Saturday night even we were told to wait for 45mins at the door, just too excited for some hot pot and the raves at yelp. Yes it was full when we arrived but we waited patiently until our turn. We ordered pretty quickly after a menu was given since we knew what we want and it's just a like a sushi menu, you check-mark the exact food you want. I admit that the food was good, presented nicely and freshly, and the broth were very good! However, everything went to downhill when the power started going off every 2 mins after we started eating for 10mins. Our hot pot dinner became a cold pot dinner with under cooked food.

Yes, the place was full, but the two largest family parties were already done eating and about to wrapped it up. Yet, our table and the one next to us who sat down around the same time as us, our power kept going off. It is okay for the first or the second time, but when it turned to the 3rd and 4th, we were like, WHAT THE HELL? This is a hot pot place where you rely solely on the stove to cook your food but they can't keep power on, how were we supposed to get the food cooked, eat raw?! The worse to come, as it seems that there were lack of servers, two different servers came by and said they will turn the power back on, which somehow the switch was in the woman's bathroom, so they had to wait when there was a customer inside...oddly enough, after the fifth turn of our power off, we called the server closest to us and needed an explanation, and she replied 'oh sorry, there is nothing we can do, when all the stoves are in using at the same time, the power just seems to be unstable'. EXCUSE ME? We are not blind, there were like 4 other tables eating right now, and you are telling me ALL the stoves are in using? And you cannot do anything? oh wow, this has just gave me the reason to not waste any more time at this place. Maybe you should check with SPR or APS to see if you owe them any money first! And the owner? Train your employees on how to handle such issue with a professional manner!?!?! 

And of course no one is in charge as the two other servers were just watching with no clue on what to do, we asked to bring our check and left very unhappy. 

You thought the manager or someone in charge would show up when a customer is pissed, but no, it's like there is no one else. We didn't bother to call them either, what is point, get a 20% off of your bill? I came to eat, not a discount. If only the server was a bit more of professional and nicely offer to us another table and this night would still be good since we did like the food. But with this kind of customer service experience? I want nothing else. Tien Wong, you have failed miserably. 

A side note - as mentioned by a few other yelpers, I wouldn't say this is cheap at all, one plate of lamb for $6 and there were only 6 pieces, of course it's more of a pricy dish, but if you had eaten in LA for $20/person endless hotpot, you would think you just got ripped off...So be cautious on ordering.
Love this place! I've gone twice now, and really enjoyed it both times. The yin and yang broth is great, and I find their side dipping sauces amazing! It can be a bit pricey depending how much meat you get, but I think going here is always a nice treat and it's worth the cost. For dessert, they have a wonderful green tea cheese cake  sprinkled with sesame seeds and chocolate, it's delicious! Service has always been very friendly and the ambiance of the whole place is nice and relaxing. :)
Headed to Chandler on a stormy rainy night for some Hot Pot. Found this place on Yelp. We got seated right away, the restaurant was about 1/2 full. I didn't think that Phoenix would have a Hot Pot restaurant but this place is a little gem. It's not AYCE and there item list is really pretty good. We ordered the half spicy and half regular soup base. The items we ordered were the following:

Rib eye beef        4/5 stars
Lamb                    5/5 stars
shrimp                  4/5
Pork blood            3/5 very small portions
(2) cuttlefish balls 5/5 ordered a second order
(2) napa cabbage  3/5 the portions are small
bean stalk leafs      4/5
glass noodles         3/5 small plate
clams                        4/5
slices fish                 5/5 very good
mushrooms             5/5 

The restaurant has its own blend of sauces which was very tasty. The cut some cilantro, garlic and green onions for our table. The service was good. I don't know how well Tien Wong will do in the middle of the Phoenix Summer.
So happy to have found this place. It's a little bit on the expensive side for a "any night of the week" dinner but it definitely serves its purpose as a relatively nice date night every now and then! My boyfriend and I go as often as possible (about every few weeks!) We enjoy the ying/yang broth because, mixed together, its the perfect level of spice. We usually get beef, black pork (which is named after the type of pig-- the pork is its normal coloring, haha), chicken, shrimp, dumplings, udon noodles, pea tips, enoki mushrooms, and napa cabbage with the highlights being the dumplings, udon, pea tips, enoki mushrooms, and shrimp. The dipping sauces are great too! I highly recommend this restaurant!
I've been to Hot Pot 3 times now and every time I leave, I can't wait to go back =) 

The servers are always quick and friendly & the food is always of great quality and taste.  I love their mushroom platter and the shabu shabu (beef/ribeye).
Perfect time, every time. And it's BYOB! 

I've been here for a quiet date night, a birthday dinner, and a random not celebrating anything at all group dinner and every time is as good as the last, if not more so.

I like to describe it as an Asian style Melting Pot, except way better. It provides the unique, always enjoyable opportunity to cook delicious food w/your friends, but w/out the hefty price tag. Plus the ambiance is great and the soundtrack is always groovy.

There are several different broth and small plate options so every time I've gone it's been a different concoction, which is nice, but I'd have to say my favorite to date is the lemongrass. I also love dipping the meats in their side sauces w/a dab of Sriracha, mmm. There is a corking fee for the alcohol but it's a small price to pay in the grand scheme of things. The cinnamon tea they provide after dinner is a simple touch, but a sweet one. That stuff is delicious. Also, they're open until like midnight on a Monday. Awesome.
A great gem in Chandler.  Amazing to take the kids.   They really enjoyed the experience and the food.  I think everyone would give it a try....it's fun and you can make it to your taste.  The Tofu was my favorite!
The Hotpot base is very good. We ordered the Yuanyang base which is half original and half spicy. The vegetable and meat is quite fresh. It is noteworthy that the amount of food is quite a little. We two ordered ten kinds of food including meat, vegetable and noodles but still not enough.
This is the first time I've ever tried hot pot in Phoenix (I'm from Houston), but I have to say that it was pretty good! I think the prices are pretty fair. expect to spend at least $35-40 (including tip) for a party of two. we ordered two meats, two veggies, a noodle, and a tofu for two people and it ended up being $37 (with tip), but we were both very full afterwards!

tip: try the ice tofu. they make it by freezing it and it changes into this strange, layered textured that I can't really describe very well, but it tastes delicious and it soaks up a lot of the broth so it's very flavorful.

another tip: the mala spicy broth is SPIICCYYY. at one point I dipped the strainer into the broth to get some noodles and I came up with a ladle of 50% chili flakes and 50% noodle.... very spicy! next time I think I'd get the half and half spicy/original, just to give my tastebuds a little break!

decor and music are really cool and our server was extremely friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and helpful (we didn't know how long to cook the shrimp for, and we didn't know the differences between all the tofus). I will be back soon :)
I found out about this place through FB and Chow Bella in the PHX New Times.  The picture of the Chili ramen pulled me in and I was dying to try it.

Its a fairly small, but open place.  When I arrived there were two other tables of diners, having hot pot which looked great.  The owner sat me on the other side, for Ramen.  
I ordered a honey green tea, which was amazingly refreshing and hit the spot after a workout.  This took a few minutes since its mixed at the bar, shaker style.  BTW - this is BYOB.

My server was unfortunately awful and this is the major hit to the rating, as it affected the overall experience.  It seemed like they had just pulled the guy off the street.  He wasn't familiar with the questions he should ask about my order, and couldn't even inform me how to order.  He didn't know how spicy the Chili ramen was or what came in it... HE HAD NEVER TRIED THE FOOD!  
So, he finally called for help and the other waitress informed me of what came in it, etc.  Due to the hesitancy of the staff, I ordered the traditional ramen versus the Chili that caught my eye.  
The broth was great, noodles perfect, aroma great.  The things lacking... the ratio of pork to noodle was off and the sauce, which good wasn't really flavorful.  My waiter never came back to see how it was, so I contemplated for a good 10 minutes who I should ask for Chili sauce.
The owner came over half way in to my meal and chatted me up to see how I discovered the place.  Very nice guy and I was able to score some 5 spice and chili sauce to kick up my ramen.  Asking him about the Chili ramen, he said I could handle it based on what I was putting in there :).  

Overall, decent food - but severely lacking in educated servers which can (and does) lead to dissatisfied customers.  I'll give this place another shot for the Chili ramen and then we'll see...
This review is based on the ramen. I tried the chile ramen and was extremely disappointed. The broth was spicy but flat. It was lacking acidity or something, almost like they forgot an ingredient. I've eaten from the hot pot menu before and it was fantastic. I'm not sure why the ramen turned out so poorly. I'll be hesitant to go back for the ramen. On the other hand, the mango green boba tea was delicious.
Wow.. Ramen and boba teas with the hot pot! I am in heaven! New name btw, T.Spot.
Came here to try the newly expanded menu  and I have to say..it is the best ramen I have had in AZ!
The broth is simmered with pork bone and you can really tell the difference.. Noodles are cooked perfect and I love the pickled ginger that comes with.
Tried the honey green tea with sea salt cream... And loved it.. It's sweet and creamy.. Still craving it! Will be back for my usual Shabu hot pot fix.. Looks like the quality of this place is still the best:)
The signage was a little difficult to follow, they must have changed the name to T-SPOT. The concept was good, you cook your veggies and meats in a broth(two types in a spit pan). The food portions seemed small for three people but was good. I was a bit surprised when the bill came and it was $68 for three of us... only ice tea and the tip was included. Would I go again..... No
I was looking forward to trying the newly renamed T-Spot for a tasty bowl of hot pot, but it sadly didn't meet expectations. The blueberry boba tea was great, the service alright, they had pretty decor & the experience was nice, but perhaps better suited for a smaller party of two. After figuring out the menu & concept we chose a couple types of meat, veggies, noodles and two types of broth. The meat was lacking in flavor, barely a difference between the two different broths and not nearly spicy enough. Once cooked the portions were small and the bill we received nearly $70 for 3 was too much for so little.The meal left my wallet & my stomach empty.
I am giving one start only to facilitate my writing a review.  I wouldn't have bothered at all except that, after viewing this restaurant on yelp and recommending it to my daughter and her boyfriend, I feel so bad that they actually went here.  It is the only restaurant in the Tempe area so far to rank below three stars to us.  She is new to the Tempe area and a real foodie.  He was visiting and is a shabu shabu fan.  We are from SoCal so the availability of shabu shabu here is pretty good, as is the quality.

But enough about background info....  Apparently the "shabu shabu" is served with ramen broth, which is not at all what we are used to.  That, in and of itself, is fine as things may differ place to place and locale to locale.  The fact that they got maybe six pieces of beef to SHARE, and that it wasn't fresh like what they are used to, not so much.  The food did not appear fresh in any way.  Even the rice was dry as if it had been sitting out, and my daughter actually found a bug in hers.  Very lovely.  Service was unremarkable.  All in all, this was a pretty hideous experience, and I don't see how the restaurant merits a four star rating.  Not sure where the reviews come from, but our recommendation is to STAY AWAY.  Not good at all, which is too bad, because she was also looking forward to trying the ramen....
Visiting from CA and had the urge for some hot pot since it was getting cool outside.  Reviews here looked good and the food did not disappoint!

We got the herbal soup along with beef, chicken, assorted Chinese veggies.

Didn't expect much outside LA and the Bay Area and was pleasantly surprised.  Great food, decent service, excellent price.  Definitely will come back next time we're in town.
I was suprised at how good this place was.  A little bit pricey but well worth it.  They had a pricer shabu meat but the prime beef was already good enough.  The japanese miso soup base was so good, udon and veggies tasted great after simmering in the broth.  They do have boba here which I would advise against getting it, the tea/milk tea itself was very good but the boba was old and hard.
I think it's more than likely that people on this site get the gist of what Panera is.  There are several branches in Madison alone, each of them providing fresh tasty food and very acceptable coffee drinks (and seriously tasty smoothies!), along with comfortable, well-lit seating areas that, as in any place with coffee and power outlets, are shamelessly used as study zones/campsites by roving packs of undergrads.  

I'd just like to mention this particular location as one where I've never had a meal or pastry I didn't like and the service is always good. Sometimes people are a little inexperienced, but when this is the case, a senior employee/manager always seems to be there and ready to help (but not hovering... that is the worst).  On one occasion, a newish employee got distracted and forgot to finish my latte.  After waiting a few minutes (and actually seeing it sitting there partially complete), I flagged down the first unoccupied employee I saw to mention that it might have gotten left.  It turned out that it was a mustachioed man in his... fifties? (sorry sir if you read this and I got it wrong) who I believe to be a manager there, and he immediately apologized, finished it for me himself, and encouraged me to pick out a cookie or pastry free of charge.  I thought I would be magnanimous, but then I thought about their tasty chocolate pastries and I caved.  In any case, I appreciate the mentality of making it right when a mistake occurs.  

Other things that are nice: fresh bagels with fancy cream cheeses, the smoothies (I know, I said it already, but I'm kind of obsessed), and the soup in a bread bowl.
I would prefer not to eat here again.  'Too bad it's right next door to my office building, so out of convenience and variety, I probably WILL eat here again.  :-(  I find the food over-priced for being so bland.  The sandwiches are stuffed with massive quantities of over-processed, sliced meat product, and so you can't really taste the rest of the sandwich ingredients.  The cookies are pretty decent, and the service is attentive.  Since I hate the burned taste of coffee, I can't speak to those products, nor to their soups.
I had a VERY sad roast beef sandwich. It was almost impossible to find the roast beef and overall very forgettable.  So NOT worth the $
I had a soup and panini, my panini was more of a lame grilled cheese with a hint of chicken. My cup of soup was missing about half of the soup.
I like Panera, but this place is not good.
A nice little cafe tucked in a corner on Infirmary Street, very close to South Bridge.  It has a clean, airy vibe, with lots of light-coloured wood and white tables.  It opens directly into Dovecot studios which adds a little bit of a sophisticated feel.  It has more of a "chat with your friends" vibe than a "park with your laptop" vibe.  It's a small place, maybe about 8 tables.

They advertise serving Artisan Roast coffee, and I believe it: the espresso that I had was fantastic. Didn't try lunch (they serve soup and sandwiches), but the pastry that I had was good.  

The only complaint I can think of is the name: I still can't figure out if it's called Dovecot Cafe, Stag Espresso, Stag Espresso at Dovecot Cafe, Dovecot Cafe by Stag Espresso, Large Stag at Cafe Espresso Dovecot, or what.
After getting up rather early to head all the way into town, for a 15 minute meeting, I decided the only way to make this trek worthwhile would be to go try coffee somewhere I walk past every day, and this place fits the bill.

I guess most people won't have heard of it, because it is hiding away in a wee corner just off the main street, and I quite like that, it's not stupidly busy, or loud - always a bonus! 

So basically, I decided the coffee sounded amazing so there was no doubt in my mind about having anything else! I wandered up to have a little look at the cake display, and actually said out loud - oooooohhh, yum. I hope the lovely chap that worked there didn't think I was some cake monster, I try to keep that a secret. So I had a yummy looking toffee muffin.

The verdict is - thumbs up! The coffee is the yummy Artisan Roast, that I so dearly love, and think I may have even preferred it here more than at Broughton street (Gasp, never thought that I would ever say that?!) The muffin was good,  a lovely toffee fudge topping. So...... I am not too sure why I haven't given it 5 stars, I am not overly keen on the interior, modern is good, but I find it lacking in character. 

But I will be going back for sure to try some of the soup! Roast Chicken and Stilton today..... YUM! Just a shame it was a little too early for lunch!
Stumbled upon this cute cafe today after walking down the wrong street.  Ended up looping back later on that day for a coffee with a friend.  I got fresh tomato & bacon soup, served with artisan bread, which seemed to be wholemeal with some seeds in it.  Cappuccino was delicious, also got a carmel/chocolate shortbread and there were no complaints there either.  Staff was friendly.  I'll be back.  Just wish I knew if they had wifi.
I have now taken another two, yes two, trips here and have become utterly smitten with the place!!! 

The first time I returned was for a quick bowl of lovely, hot, filling, cauliflower and cheddar soup......... YUM. The service was still spot on, attentive, friendly and prompt, just what I needed as I was in a rush!

Next time was a more leisurely visit for coffee and an apple muffin. Yet again, I cannot sing the praises of this coffee enough, I really can't. 

I still am not particularly keen on the interior but you know what, it doesn't really matter, not when you have coffee, cake and soup that tasty! I also love that nobody has ever heard of this place, makes me feel like it is 'my own little secret'........
This is one of my favourite places in the Old Town to go for lunch and coffee.

Good old soup, sandwich and cake as well as excellent Artisan Roast coffee.

The staff are lovely, and friendly and if you are regular, get to know your preferences and remember in advance which is lovely!  It's quite small though and you can't book so sometimes you'll have to chance your arm they'll be a table.

The only thing is, it's a real shame there's not a proper breakfast menu (porridge or anything more than a pastry!) as the cafe opens early in the morning but there isn't much of a selection other than coffee.

Recommend Stag Espresoo for delicious coffee and simple but tasty sandwiches and soup.
the coffee is excellent. we tried both the flat white and cappuccino. i found the flat white perfect and trusty partner the cappuccino just a wee bit weak but enjoyable even so. soft, rounded, smooth milk that was hot-warm but not hot-hot, bringing the best out of the coffee. very friendly staff who are clearly passionate about both food and coffee and all situated in a lovely space amongst contemporary art and design. what more could you want!  we'll be back regularly to this gem - cracking - keep it up!
I try to stay away from crack, as a rule... but I'm not sure I am going to be able to stay away from the crack that they MUST put in the food here. I literally, not figuratively, have been thinking about the smoked salmon and cucumber sandwich for the last 72 hours and I think I might go into some sort of drug addicted sweat pretty soon if I don't get it. That and the coffee, that comes in a cup, get this... with a sweater. Yes, a knitted sweater on my cup for no reason!

Here's my favorite part. For those who know me you know I put the ATE in unsophisticated. I don't feel the finer things in life are worth the price tag that posh places put on them. In fact, many a times I leave fancy expensive places far more disappointed because I'm out £25 AND I had a mediocre meal. 

Not so for DoveCot. It's fancy, artsy, relaxed (chalkboards always make places so chill) and it's motherflipping reasonably priced! Take a hint other places in Edinburgh... you don't have to be massively stuck-up asshole hangouts to be sophisticated.
Ok..... I feel I have now got to the point of no return. I am full on, head over heels, completely and utterly, fantastically, undoubtedly in love with the cafe at Dovecot. 

This place is the shizz. The coffee is A-maazing! The cakes are devine. The soups are exciting and different flavours. The sandwiches are made with such proper big tasty slabs of bread. The salads..... oh the salads!?! Edamame, Feta, Beetroot and Spinach. Heaven.  And the staff are ace!? I actually cannot praise this place enough.......
The pictures really aren't too good to be true. I admit it - I Yelp-stalked the shiz out of this place before I came. I find it hard to make a snap decision when there is too much deliciousness in front of me, and I could tell from their photos on Yelp that there was going to be a lot of deliciousness.

The only reason I'm holding off on 5 stars is I never give 5 stars until at least two visits, but I was too impatient to wait for a second visit. I'm pretty sure, though, after trying some of their savoury food that it'll be bumped up to 5 in no time.

The space itself is beautiful. So serene, and calm, and open and airy. I'd be so bold to say that there isn't anywhere else like it in Edinburgh, that I know of, to have that certain ambiance. Coffee shops are usually loud (coffee grinders) and clinky (tea spoons on cups) and full of different smells (baked cakes, soup). This is all ok. 

But Dovecot is just...quite blissful. Big open windows, white interior that is calm rather than bland. And the tables and space around the tables is really big. In fact, that's what it is -there was a lot of spaces between each table so you never felt squished in. I really liked this. A lot.

The reason I'm harping on about seemingly bizarre things in the face of the coffee and cake is that all the other reviewers have said it before me. The coffee (Artisan Roast coffee) was just right. The guys at Artisan can be confident Dovecot are serving up the perfect coffees with their beans. It was so good I ordered another as soon as my first was finished. Although, lovers of the S'Bucks generation of coffee be warned. The cups aren't 'MUGS' and therefore a bit smaller than a generic, spin-off imitation. If you go to Artisan Roast, or any other independent, you'll be used to the more moderate portion size. Trust me, there is no less caffeine, and far more flavour.

I also tried the banana and chocolate gluten-free cake. I'm attempting gluten-free. It didn't help that I then tried a taste of Louise C's apple muffin (not gluten free) but the fact they have gluten-free cakes and can do all their sandwiches with gluten-free bread was awesome.

I'm going back to try the salmon sandwich, on gluten-free, and one of their soups.

But I'm already a little bit in love with this place, the super friendly staff, the calm atmosphere, and the genuine, coffee-loving, cake-baking, good-food-loving tone to the place.

They also have post-it notes stuck up behind the counter with regular's names written on. Rather than a card you get stamped and carry around with you, your name is actually pinned up into the café and they stamp that. So they may not write your name on the cup (i'm looking at you, coffeechainwhoshalnotbenamed) they'll actually remember your name, and face, in order to stamp your own wee post-it note. Love it.

#IndependentEdinburgh
Oooh, I'm super pleased I didn't do my usual get-impatient-and-leave-when-I see-somewhere-looks-busy thing when I wandered into Dovecot Studios. I had a peek round the cafe and noticed it was bustling to the brim (lunchtime), but then one of the really nice staff dudes hopped over pretty much straightaway and did his best to source me a table quickly. That bit of instant customer service got a tick for awesomeness in my mental reviewing list, considering the guy probably had about ten lattes and 20 sandwiches to assemble. I've lost count of the amount of places where I've stood at the door, all full of anticipation for the experience ahead, then felt the disappointment start to sink in when I realise I've been waiting there for 15 minutes without actually being acknowledged.

I had the very pleasing falafel and houmous salad, for which I was supplied olive oil and balsamic vinegar to apply to my own preference. Nice touch there, people are fussy about their dressing. And then, there it was...the dawn of the Dovecot espresso. I could almost see the stag in the distance, watching and nodding its head slowly in approval as I sipped on the most bloody delightful espresso macchiato I've had in some time. If I say it had a chocolatey taste and texture and a full-bodied hit that made my afternoon typing fly with a bang, then I probably wouldn't be using the right coffee lingo...but what I had in that cup was good, anyway. I'll be returning to try and make my way round the menu - whether it's a tasty-looking slice of sweetness I'm after or some savoury goodness, or...actually...oh dear...I really need one of those espressos RIGHT NOW. Writing about this on a Sunday was a mistake. Until Monday 8am...*ignore the shaky hand, ignore the shaky hand...*
I came in here for breakfast with my boyfriend and another couple this morning, as I remember having an amazing coffee here once, and heard that they were really good for people with gluten allergies.

So I came by... and it turned out they were! I went for a soya cappuccino, my boyfriend took a soya latte, one of our friends went for an americano, the other a cappuccino with regular milk. They both went for pain au raisins, which were huge, about the same size as my face! My boyfriend opted for a toffee muffin, I had the caramel shortbread. They all seemed happy with their cakes. Mine was really delicious, but I was a tiny bit disappointed that the only gluten free options were biscuit based bars. It would have been nice to have a more cakey/pastry option! 

The coffee here is supplied by artisan roast, and tastes really spectacular. It's a good size too, and is really like that which you would order at a good bar in Italy-strong, with a sharp crema, but not too bitter. The friend who had an americano liked it so much that he ordered another.

The space here is lovely and light, and it's fantastic that it's tucked away. It remains one of those little secrets. It's attached to a gallery too, which gives it that whole arty appeal, something I really love. 

Looking at the menu, it seems that they cater very well for gluten intolerances, and are able to make gluten free sandwiches and supply gluten free bread with soup! Amazing!
Just please, more gluten free cake.

I will be back for a caffeine refuel!
MY PICCOLO HAD ITS OWN WEE COZY. The fact that i am completely won over by the cute accessories my coffee is sporting may say a lot about me as a person... but Dovecot is definitely a case of both style and substance. Attached to an gallery which appears to specialize in textiles, the space is bright, airy and open. i enjoyed watching the barista make my piccolo, which was extremely tasty (and stylishly adorned with the wee knitted cozy.)

I also had a falafel salad bowl. which was HUGE, and wasn't stingy with the falafel. which was a win all round. I'll probably have to return for some of the cake on a less virtuous health day!
I was looking for a place to chill, and eat, and saw the raves about this place. For the food- yes. I can enthusiastically say that the Bree and chicken salad with mint and peas was really damn good. For £6 it filled me up and I felt airy and energetic after eating it. The staff are great, and super cute. They are smily and attentive- which I adore from cute guys :)  lots of peeps were eating desserts but I had just come from the gym and refrained, but I smelled the sugar wafting over to me, and appreciated watching them eat and living vicariously through them. 
Now, I docked a star. Why, after this shining review? No wifi. And cash only. I had to leave and come back after my lunch to pay. Two inconveniences. I'm a student, a fact that leads me to places with internet. I only stayed here to eat then had to leave and seek a cafe to write in. Not ideal. And unless I'm only looking to have a healthy lunch won't frequent because of is. If I'm spending money somewhere I want to stay a while, write, take it in. Here that can not happen.
This is a wonderful little cafe! Very light and airy and full of delicious treats to choose from. 

I went here for lunch during my trip to Edinburgh and had a really tasty brie sandwich, with wonderful chutney and lettuce stuffed between fresh, hearty bred. It was very tasty indeed!  The staff were very accommodating also, with my friends requests for gluten-free bread and smaller portions of brie being met with smiles and nods, which is always nice. 

The cafe sits off a lovely little gallery space with a shop full of beautiful notebooks and the like, so if you fancy a coffee and a splurge on lovely stationary this is the place for you! :P

Overall, this place has a really lovely atmosphere! I'd return in a heartbeat.
Zoup is a very interesting new restaurant! Soups, salads and sandwiches with an emphasis on the soup. They have 100 soups with 12 in rotations everyday. They had 3 vegetarian options available for soup and multiple sandwich options. I only tried soup and it was pretty delectable. The decor and ambiance is also very quaint. It is a little pricey, but the soups are great and worth the money. I most definitely want to go back and try more!
I love this place. Fast, hot, tasty soup for $6-9 per person. The lobster bisque has huge chunks of lobster in it. I'm told they make other soups too but who cares when lobster bisque is an option? :P
I love soup! Unique concept. Good food
When I first tried Zoup in the US, I told myself that if there ever was one in Canada I'm definitely going. Sure enough, one opened in Waterloo, a quick jog from campus!

I love the soups here. Lobster Bisque for sure. Other stores shred their lobsters, but this place gives whole chunks! Yum! The soup itself is delicious too, you can tell a lot of effort was put into making the soup.

Sandwiches were meh, but hey...it's called Zoup for a reason.

Free wifi!
This place was a godsend after my jaw surgery, with a great variety of soups that definitely taste better than canned soup. They have a huge variety that changes up daily, so definitely check on their website what they're offering that day to avoid disappointment. 

I'm super fond of their tomato basil bisque, as well as their chicken pot pie soup. Their cheeseburger soup is also a great substitute for burgers that you can't eat.

My only criticism is the price tag. It's fine for a once in a while outing, but considering presentation and atmosphere, it's definitely more expensive than you would expect.
Love Zoup. Rotating soups, sandwiches, salads. What more can you want. Staff are nice. Can try every soup before you order. 

Can't wait for Zoups to be all over Ontario cause right now I have to drive an hour to get to one.
I've heard good things about Zoup, so when I was uptown yesterday I decided I'd give it a try. The broccoli cheddar soup was pretty tasty. The Veggie-terranean wrap on the other hand wasn't anything special. It seemed like something I would make at home (which isn't saying much). I guess I can accept this since the place is called Zoup, not Zraps.
I got a soup and sandwich combo, which ended up being $8.50 +tax. I felt the portion size was pretty small for the price.
I'd come here again, but I'd get a bigger soup and skip the wrap.
Visited the Waterloo Town Square location two days ago to catch to with an old friend. I like that there is a whole bar just so you can sample the soups before you pick what you want. 

Ended up ordering the salad + sandwich combo. Chicken Toscana and sandwich and the Sonoma salad (think that's what it was called). All fresh and yummy, quick service, and relatively inexpensive. 

Lots of seating, good atmosphere for a quick lunch.
Have you ever had lobster bisque?

Yes? That's great. Now come and try the one here.

No? That's alright. Come and try the one here.

In case I wasn't obvious enough, I'm a diehard fan for their lobster bisque here. What can I say? It's a cream-based soup with chunks of lobster that sends waves of comfort with every bite I take.

The price tag may shock the crowd that is used to the budget-friendly canned soup found at your local grocer, but for those of you who are looking for a hearty bowl of soup with ingredients your tastebuds can actually recognize? And an option to make it a combo with a side salad or a side sandwich, which both match the quality of the soup in taste? Well, that's worth paying a premium for, in my opinion. 

Keep an eye out for their stamp card program in the summer time. Typical loyalty cards... As if they need another reason for customers to return! (Kidding. I love it.)
Been here a few times and every time the staff is super nice and always offers me to try some samples.  every soup I have had taste great. The french bread for their sandwiches and very soft and tasty.
Soup glorious Soup!! Who doesn't love a piping hot big bowl of this yummy delight!

This place has got the idea. Six different flavours of soup to choose from...... the majority of which are gluten-free (good for people to know!) and are scrumdiddlyumptious! Not only do you have a choice of soup but they also have several different kinds of bread that you can choose based on how you are feeling! I picked out the Caldo Verde (I had never heard of it either, chorizo, potato and kale - I LOVE kale! Nobody ever seems to use it so that was my decision made!) and some very tasty onion bread. 

Ok, so after this rant of how much I love soup, all the different flavours they have (others on offer - lentil, spicy chickpea, cream of mushroom, cream of chicken, pumpkin which was sadly sold out) the choice of breads, and the good service! They were very friendly and seem happy to take on any suggestions you may have. Why did I not give it 5 stars!? Hmmmm.......

Lack of seats. It can probably hold a good half a dozen, and that's about it. I cannot judge the fact that they are new to the scene, but they just don't seem very 'sure' of themselves. That will improve with time I am sure and I will grow to love this as a little winter warmer!
Union of Genius is an impressive addition to Edinburgh's lunch circuit, offering a daily range of six soups for you to choose from. The quality of the soup is excellent, and the hearty bread to accompany it very good, also.

Excellent coffee from Artisan Roast, and lovely hot chocolate from the Chocolate Tree are also available for your delectation.

We were well impressed, rating it as one of our Top 5 places to lunch in Edinburgh.
It is St. Andrews day, it is cold, I am heading into university for what will no doubt be a long slightly soul destroying afternoon of working....... How on earth can I prepare for this!?!? Ah.... ha. I know. Soup from Union of Genius, it is on the way, and it is tasty, and I have always said I would give it another go!

So, I turned up a slightly late to meet Allie, who had already managed to bag the bench by the window. On offer today were many delights including - Scotch Broth,
Pumpkin with sumac, Tomato Rasam, Caldo Verde, Cream of wild mushroom
Potato and Parmesan. What else could I have chosen, on the feast day of the patron of our bonnie country, other than Scoth Broth. It was delicious! I had the onion bread with it as it was so tasty last time!

I still say it is not the sort of place you could 'go for lunch'. it is more somewhere to 'pick up lunch'. I mainly think this as we had an older couple sitting opposite us, not saying much, whilst we were nattering away and having a good old gossip! I am sure our stories amused them! But back to the point. Soup - Yum. Bread - Scrummy. Service - Great. Will be returning as I still have not got my paws on the Coronation Chicken Soup!!
A soup café! Finally! After leaving Glasgow and thus behind my beloved Naked Soup (Glasweigans, if you haven't, check it) I was more than a little excited to hear that a dedicated soup café was opening in Edinburgh -and so local to me too!

Yes, it's small. And the soups are quite expensive. But when the options are either sweet potato, bacon and coriander or caluiflower with cumin and flaked almonds...you can't really complain. If you do have an issue with this, don't come here. Go to another café that does ok but not-that-special soup and pay less. It's a no brainer really.

So, it is small inside. There's one table that can seat 4 and a wee high top that seats 1 or 2. My friend and I waited for a seat, we didn't mind. I was too excited about the cauliflower, cumin and flaked almond soup. I think it was around £3 for a small portion but with the two slices of home-baked bread and a really generous portion I left full and happy and not regretting the £3 at all. And have a look at my uploaded photo. I know it doesn't really affect the taste of the food, but it's presented in a beautiful little bowl (with a lid!) on a slate board (which is, like, so hot right now). Classy.

And the soup itself. Oh my and oh yes. If you're in the mood for soup, and good soup, Union of Genius should be your first port of call.

They have Artisan Roast coffee and Pekoe (I think) tea and Love Pure Cakes (an Edinburgh based baker who does gluten, wheat and dairy free cakes and has quite healthy sounding options too). 

I think there's also wifi too but due to lack of seats I can't imagine it'd be particularly polite to set up shop for a while.

Good soup. No scrap that. Amazing soup, really ridiculously inventive options that change daily. Friendly staff. Good coffee and tea and cakes and bread. A bit pricier but, see previous sentence -that's why.

The name also does amuse me, may as well be up-front and honest. If this was in Glasgow it would perhaps be called "Pure Genius, Min"?
Popped in for an amazing butternut squash and bacon (for me) and a Lebanese lentil for the other half.  I opted for mine in a bread bowl - somehow it felt more manly for a bloke more used to burgers at lunchtime - but in hindsight I think this was a bit unnecessary.  The soups are so flavoursome that sticking them in a white bread basin actually makes them a bit less attractive to the pallet. If it was a seafood chowder in a sourdough bowl then different story.

Coffees after were great - Artisan Roast beans so you know it's going to be a decent cuppa. 

My only gripe is the size. There's only one table with four chairs and a small shelf that squeezes in a couple of stools so if you want to sit in you're going to be sharing your personal space with others. Sadly for us  those others were a couple of loud  'oh my gosh, Tarquin crashed the Beemer' types, which though entertaining for the first 5 minutes quickly became like really tedious - yeah?

On soup alone this place would easily hit the 5 star mark, and if I was taking away then that's what I'd give it.
Oh wow - I had read Jenny L's review of this place, but hadn't clocked where it actually was, so on my rare jaunt into the central university campus today, I had to stop by and try some soup.... and very glad I am that I did.

Had the Tomato Ramala (?) A lovely kick to it, nice and chunky with lentils not at all mushy. I also had a taster of the Cauliflower and Almond soup. Almonds are one of my favourite sweet things ever, and I love some roasted cauliflower. It was very good, but a little creamy for me - I couldn't have had a whole small one. 

Have to say that for £3 it is VERY good value. The cafe at work charges £2.50 for a soup which is not as inventive as this, along with a crummy small roll (think the kind you get at a hotel mass catered function, that type that is sitting at your table when you arrive) This bread is delish - I had wholemeal, which does sound kinda boring when pitted against olive, 8 grain or onion, but it was a lovely wholemeal - not too dense and dry, with a good crust.

As Jenny said, +1 for the cuter than cute pots - and I also dig their commitment to the environment by having their take out stuff all compostable. Great job, and if the super lovely person who served me is readin, I wasn't kidding - get yourselves a truck or something and pitch up at KB - we need some decent lunches!!
The owner of this lovely little "soupery" (did I just invent a word?) is passionate about potage :)

A gem of a place with the most fab soups on offer and a very sensible and green approach to packaging and waste. 

This place thrives on the take out trade of students and nearby workers, there is limited seating but I have managed to bag a place to sit each time. Sit-in soup is served in a bowl with a lid and a couple of chunks of locally baked bread, all served up on a slate table mat. I love soup and I love this place, there are always new soups to try and a great place if you are vegan or gluten free. Last time I tried the Lebanese lentil - yum!!!
I loved this little place. It was on my to-do list for awhile and a day of working at Edinburgh Uni meant I was in the right location to finally pay it a visit. 

It is small and I would guess at lunchtime, being able to get a seat or not (and the weather) would determine if you would eat here. The rain was bouncing off the streets but given that it was around 3.20pm when I was having a very late lunch, then I got the large window seat.

Great choice of soups and perfect for veggies and gluten free peeps. Being GF, I thought I wouldn't be able to get bread but they toasted some GF bread for me so I wouldn't miss out (I LOVE it when places do this!). I opted for the mushroom soup - I know, I know, yelpers are not a fan of the humble mushroom, but as this is typically a soup which is (commercially) full of evil wheat flour, then it was great for it to be an option. It was lovely mushroomy soup and some little bits of mushrooms, all lovely with hints of pepper and garlic, not overly creamy but just really good soup. 

I was about £3.60, I think for soup and bread. I loved my pot (I went for a little one but still a decent sized portion) and when I'm working in the area again, I'm sure I'll be here for more soup. The choice is so good and lots of great combinations so I'm sure my biggest problem will be, what to choose next?
This is THE soup place!! If you want soup, want it to be as home made and fresh, this is the place, heck if you just want to go to a place, this is the place. When you walk in the smell of soup starts a chain reaction of human chemestry. I normally don't have soup for the reasan that I'm a tall person and need a lot to fill the space and gaps, but when entering this soup haven it is impossible to resist a bowl. I had the chicken and leek soup, £3.60 with onion bread. Mmmmmmuuuuaaaalisious! A must try, and the staff is great and friendly, the place is cosy and welcoming. Souper!
I can't believe I haven't updated my review of Union of Genius sooner. I reviewed it after my first visit, and loved it. But having been back several times since I can confirm it's the soupiest of soupy places in Edinburgh. Meaning the soup here is where it's at.

Every day there are 4 or so different types of home-made soup, with really imaginative and creative flavours. I think my favourite most unusual flavour was cauliflour with something and flaked almonds. Their caldo verde is a big hit, with kale and chorizo. And I've had a brilliant chicken satay with lots of freshly roasted, shredded chicken and peanuts.

They also post their soups daily on Facebook on Twitter so its great to know, to plan ahead.

And they have both regular and gluten free bread to go with the soup. Hurrah! And the gluten free bread is delicious. So my soupy experience isn't hampered at all.

I think it's around £3 for a small soup, which is reasonable considering just how delicious the soups are. They've also got gluten free cakes, and looking around I can see lots and lots of locally sourced products: Artisan Roast coffee, Coco and The Chocolate Tree hot chocolates (three Edinburgh businesses), Eat Natural bars, Nakd bars. They also have made a big effort to have eco-friendly takeaway soup pots and spoons.

Basically, this is the best soup I've had in Edinburgh for lunch. I take my hat off to Union. And with winter coming up I reckon it's going to be pretty popular.

A wee note: they have very limited indoor seating so don't plan to eat in here, unless it's by chance. Takeaway is your best option.
Admittedly this is a very small place, with very little sitting room, but it serves fantastic soup, locally produced and gluten free bread and cakes (including a few which are vegan), all in a rustic setting. It is located near the grassmarket and the university of Edinburgh too, which is a plus. It could do with offering a student discount though!

It's a good sign when business's keep it simple. Ben's cookies was a national success thanks to their dedication to good cookies, brew lab concentrates on coffee and buys most of its food from other local experts (including salad and soup from union of genius), anteaques specialises in amazing tea and scones. There is no need to overcomplicate things in a city where there is so much choice... Union of genius offers great porridge in the morning, and soup from lunch time onwards. 

There are usually several options for the soup, and whilst it is quite pricey at about £3 in comparison to some of the other local student places nearby, the soup variety and ingredients are superb. There are always vegan and gluten free options, and you can usually choose between a quite light soup, or a more hearty one. I went for a lentil, pepper and harissa soup, which was thick, warming, spicy, and definitely what I was after on a cold winters day.

I'd like to go back to try the vegan cakes and some more soup...
Union of Genius is something a bit different, like espresso based coffee, everyone seems to be offering soup these days, from the greasy spoon to the local pub... Union of Genius offers great fresh soup and bread, but it is more than that, if your normal soup is Starbucks or Costa then Union of Genius is Brew Lab or Artisan Roast, whose coffee they keep funnily enough...

Ok, I hear you say, it's still just soup though... Just soup seems derogatory when applied in this instance. The soup from Union of Genius is full of flavour, healthy and in some cases unusual. They cater to the meat lover and the vegan equally, you can even check which of six soups most appeal online, though some do sell out.

Simply put, this is good food made with care and attention, give it a go and enjoy.
If you get here early - before lunchtime rush what a huge table they have, by the window as well. All the better to eat your soup at and do some work by! However as it's the only big table in the room common courtesy is to share, which I don't mind doing...chatting is optional. 

I was a extremely pleased to get to the table without six deep at the counter, it is almost unknown for me to be first for anything as every time previous its been packed. So with a tangent of success was feelin' good, towards solving the Empty Table Equation for example (pre-lunch + empty shop = table).

A bean, chorizo, tomatoy soup served on a slate in a stoneware bowl, home baked brown sesame bread, including a coffee for around a fiver, was great. In all it soup was not too cold(or seasoned badly), not too hot...but just right. 

With UofG coming along when it did, thanks guys,  I've met many friendly staff in town but as it's not a large place  s'pose the smiles come with really enjoying your work! Can't wait to try another as think I'm hooked; but will my foodie/table experience be over...if not then I'll take it, but if it's a bad rap then maybe I'll just move forward to takeaway again?
I can't believe I've been going here since it opened & haven't posted a review before now. 

Ah-mah-zing soup. Fresh & full of flavour. More expensive than most of the other lunch places nearby but it merits every penny & the soup comes with delicious locally baked bread which you don't get elsewhere. 

There's a good selection which caters for everyone. They always have dairy free, gluten free & veggie options. They have lovely cakes & make great coffee too. 

It's always busy. Seating is limited & if you are late (after half 1) they may have sold out of a few of the soup choices. They are that popular.
Heard about their soup from one of my favourite bakery...the wee boulangerie...never had a chance to sit down and try their soup, but knowing they must be good coz TWBs is excellent with their bread and they are serious about their food, so the soup they sell in there can't be bad.

Went in with high expectations and I was not disappointed at all. There were a few choices written on the black board and I ordered their broccoli chilli and bacon soup, it was late afternoon so I was told they only had olive bread left.  The soup arrived and I loved it. Its flavoursome, rich heart felt kind of soup. Warm you up instantly and the olive bread went very well with it. 

As winter is slowly approaching I believe I will be easily spotted in union of genius for their lovely soups.
This was my first time getting soup here. It always closes too early for me to make it! (needs to stay open till 5pm in my opinion) But to be fair when I got there only 20 min to close time (4pm) Almost all there soups were gone and there were just a few  chucks of bread left. So not much for selection when you come just before closing. But I had heard such good things about them and have wanted to try them for a while so I went for it. Got a tomato lentil soup that was so delicious! and had some nice brown bread for dipping! Perfect early 1st dinner before I headed to the train.  Really want to try and get there earlier in the day so I can try some other types of soups!
i've long been told of the goodness of soups from Union of Genius.  sadly though i'd never had a chance to visit this soup cafe as i don't work in town so couldn't go for a lunch break and don't live particually close by so not great for a weekend soup take away either.  but luckily, i was working at the Blood Donor Centre up the road and made it a point to get my lunch from Union of Genius.

the shop itself is small, with space for abotu 6 or so people to eat in around a very large wooden table.  however i was taking away, so it wasn't a problem.  there were five soup options and all sounded incredibly appealing but i was persuaded by the counter lady to have the roasted cauliflower with almond flakes.  i got a side of the olive bread and was on my way with soup and bread placed in a convenient carrier bag for me to bring back to the office.

the soup was lovely, seriously lovely and a massive portion!  it was warming and soooo incredibly tasted i wished i had opted for the large instead of the regular.  the roasted cauliflower added a really nice taste that was balanced well with the almonds and i think there was cumin seeds for a bit of earthiness.  my olive bread was similarly tasty and good for dunking in the soup.  it was with great sadness that i finished my last spoonful and used the last of my bread to mop up any soup left on the container.  it's unlikely i'll have a repeat visit to Union of Genius soon, but i would highly recommend this place for soupy goodness!
Ok, yes. And I mean about their whole philosophy. Biking soup around town. Local, sustainable food. 'Gifting' a coffee so someone in need can come in and claim it. Donating soup every month to the homeless. 
Lucky homeless.
Their soup is freggin amazing. I had a seasonal (top three on the list), which means they're around for about a week. Some spicy chorizo and spinach concoction that made my mouth and tummy so completely happy. They serve it with fresh bread, like poppy seed, but I had gluten free sliced bread- it was cool this was an option. 
Most people take away because there are like 6 seats. They have some kind of reward program for bringing back your to-go container. But I ferreted my way into a corner spot, next to some lovely French visitors, and sipped down my soup. Mmm. It was pricy, 3.50, especially when I had a nice to-go soup the other day for 1.50. But, quality, flavor, philosophy- these are worth it. And those philosophy majors need to get paid, too, right?
LOVE Union of Genius. They're ALL about the soup and have six different ones every day - as well as various breads, brownies, salads, porridge, coffee. All packed into a tiny wee place. The soup is delicious, it really is - and they always welcome you with a smile and helpful advice, should you need it. They're even dog friendly. Hurrah! It's tiny and busy, though, so watch your timings. Takeaway is a great option, as you can take your own soup pot and coffee mug, or use their 'green Veg ware'. You can find Union's fabulous soups in various other places around town (it gets taken there in a Dutch-style carrier bike - brilliant) too. 
All in all, an Edinburgh staple, a fab wee business and highly recommended.
I wandered into town still half asleep before hopping onto a bus up to Aberdeen. My Belly was not happy at the thought of having to wait til reaching the granite city before getting something to eat, so a quick breakfast was what I was looking for. I had walked past this place a few times, it is close to the bus station so I headed straight for it.

I arrived and as it was early morning they were quite busy with takeaways and such like, but it wasn't too busy! I then decided I had enough time to sit and enjoy my breakfast roll rather than walk and eat (that always ends badly for me!!) I grabbed a seat and one of the girls came over to clear the cups and plates off the table. I had decided on what I wanted and sat there for a good ten minutes without anyone coming over to see what I was wanting. Although it does not suggest anywhere that you need to order at the counter, I was a bit peeved that none of the staff thought to come over, or for the girl that was clearing to inform me that it was not table service!? I therefore ended up getting my egg and tattie scone roll to takeaway as I had already wasted 10 minutes sitting in which time the queue and got vastly longer! Not happy. The roll, was well, an egg and tattie scone roll.

 The soup board sounded tasty with lots of choices, but I think if I was going to go back for lunch, I would maybe try avoid the 'lunch rush' as I would feel the service may not be quite up to scratch.
This is simply a fab place to have breakfast - they even do rib eye steak and eggs. The service is friendly and the food is just delicious. Have been twice now and each time have loved the scrambled eggs - first on toast (loads of it!) and second time on a roll - freshly cooked and hot. 

You must try it! 

Wifi available if you have a BT account...
We'd made up our minds to grab a bite in the National Portrait Gallery but decided to pop across the road to the Square for a change of scenery.  Have to say the jury's out on whether we chose wisely. 

Inside is pretty standard 'sandwich shoppy' though there are some comfy seats to grab. We sat near the door - mistake number one, and ordered a steak baguette (not bad) and a chicken and sweet corn chowder - mistake number two.

For some reason folk coming in and out didn't quite grasp the concept of a front door that can close as well as open so it was a chilly dining experience.  Got up to close it once but hoped the staff might have done something after the double doors were left open for the fifth time. Not good.

I'd opted for the steak, but sweetness and light thought the chowder would be more up her street.  Golden rule for chefs - you can't take salt out, so better to under do it than over do it.  I could almost see her mineral levels rising in front of me and said goodbye to my can of San Pellagrino as she tried in vain to combat her saline intake.

That said, I thought the steak baguette was pretty decent but I don't think we'll be rushing back.
I used to work on York Place and so most lunch times I would go to The Square. The staff were super friendly and the sandwiches and hot dishes such as yummy mac'n'cheese.

One thing in particular that I like is that they post their soups daily on Facebook so you can decide before you go, and they always have something different, from Smoked Turkey and yellow split pea to Sweet potato beetroot and feta.

There were always queues out the door at lunch time so they opened up another place 5 mins just down the road.

I haven't been for a while so I'm definitely due another visit :)
What a mentally crazy place. If I hadn't been warned about the process at The Square, I would have just been confused ie. pick your bread from the side (oh how I think about grubby paws manhandling the bread...euw) and then order. I was a bit confused as there was a huge queue, which I joined like a good and proper Brit, only to watch someone else march straight up to the counter and order. I then realised this was some strange gathering of people who were either waiting for a table, to pay, or to get their order. 

Thus enlightened, I walked up to the counter and placed my order. Looking in the deli counter I started to feel less confident, noticing that there was no separation of meat and non meat products, and the same equipment used for both. 

I heard another guy complaining after his lunch was lost, and my confidence dorpped further. I then saw, from the side, my lunch (a vegetable melt) which I assume would have been treated like a panini, having the contents removed from the bread, thrown into the panini toaster, then shovelled back into the panini and toasted as one. Hmm.  Hungry and not super fastidious, I took it, but I wouldn't return, The Squares practices just seem a bit too shambolic for me.
I was meeting up with a few friends and this was the suggested meet up point for breakfast / lunch.


With only a few seats this could have been a cosy place to go to but the no heating knocked that one in the head, all the guests that where eating in, kept their jackets on.


A good menu on offer from steak sandwiches, daily specials, breakfast's to filled roll's.


The food would have been nice if it had been served on hot plates, as they where served on cold plates the food went cold quickly.


The floor looked as if it hadn't been swept in a day or two, 


The coffee is nice not could not fault that.
I was lucky enough to participate in Cafe Zupas Pre-Opening event last week, and I have to say I was impressed!  The ambience was cool, and included comfy booths and a 'bar' seating area with ipod docks and a place to set your laptops.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and allowed me to sample several different types of soups before settling on one.  And the food:  Delicious!  I actually loved it so much, I went back the next day to try something else, and everything I tasted was fantastic!  The first day, I had the Yucatan Chicken Tortilla soup (with sour cream, cheddar cheese, guacomole, and tortilla strips on top!) and the California Turkey sandwich (turkey, avocado, tomatoes, sprouts, cucumbers, mixed greens, muenster cheese, and ranch dressing).  Both were absolutely amazing, and I also got a chocolate dipped strawberry on the side, which comes with any soup or salad.  For dessert, I tried the cheesecake, and managed to eat half before feeling like I was going to explode.  it was divine.  The next day, I went back for more and tried the Chicken Enchilada Chili (made with red and green enchilada sauce) and the Turkey Bacon Avocado grilled panini (with muenster cheese and honey mustard).  For dessert, I sampled the Mixed Berry Creme Brule.  Day 2 was also awesome.  In addition to everything I already listed, I sampled other soups, sandwiches and salads that all tasted equally as delicious.  For example, the Wild Mushroom Bisque is next on my list to eat, since the sample I had left my mouth watering.  The Lobster Bisque, Shrimp & Sausage Gumbo, and Thai Lobster Curry also tasted superb.  As for sandwiches, I'd like to try the BBQ Pulled Pork next....or the Turkey Spinach Artichoke grilled panini.....or the Ultimate Grilled Cheese.  So many choices!!  I also heard amazing comments on the Nuts About Berries salad, the BBQ Chicken salad, and the Pina Colada Chicken salad.

Basically, this is now my new favorite lunch place, and I can't wait to try everything they have to offer!  You should definitely check it out!!
Zupas officially opens today! I was invited to their VIP catering event a few days ago and was able to get a sneak peek. 

The soups are very good; I tasted all of them! My favorites are the wild mushroom it is very creamy and has a great flavor. The shrimp and sausage gumbo is very hearty with just a little New Orleans kick! I recommend them both! If you enjoy tomato soup theirs is a tomato basil and it is yummy!. One thing I really liked is that you can taste the soup before you order it! Bonus they have 8 varieties of soup to choose from!

I had the turkey pesto artichoke panini as well it was very good. You can get a 7.99 combo of any 2 items soup, salad, sandwich. By the way it's not 1/2 sizes with that combo either! I got a full panini and full soup.

The soda bar is nice to you can create your own drinks!

The ingredients are fresh and the employee's are very friendly. 

They also cater which is a big plus!
First Visit, Had the Pulled Pork sandwich and Lobster Bisque soup combo,  the meal also comes with a chocolate dipped strawberry.  The food was quite good especially the pork sandwich.  May try a Different soup next visit.  It was good but not great and with so many to try I am sure i can find a favorite in the soups as well.  

I normally eat quite a bit when I go out and this was more than I needed at only 7.99 so the prices are quite nice as well.
I seriously LOVE this place.  I just got a phone that will allow me to check-in places the other day, otherwise I'd be runner up for the Duchess!!!  I can't get enough!

I LOVE the Honey Bacon Club (Turkey, Bacon, Ham, Tomatoes, Muenster Cheese and Honey Mustard panini).  I've had the Turkey Bacon Avocado Club and had bites of the Ultimate Grilled Cheese and the Vegetarian sandwiches The Boy ordered but none of them compare to my HBC! :)  

I also love that you can try AS MANY SOUPS as you want before settling on one.  AND there are toppings for your soup!! Cheese, tortilla strips, sour cream, bacon... My favorite has been the Wisconsin Cauliflower - which is like potato soup except it's cauliflower instead of potatoes.  All the soups come with a generous hunk of tasty bread AAAAAANNNNNNNDDD a chocolate dipped strawberry.  

Just writing this review makes me want Zupas for dinner! :) 

SO - why only 4 stars instead of 5? Well....its the service.  Maybe they're over-staffed because they just opened and they're training people, I dunno, but the amount of workers there wanting to take your order, say hello, wish you a nice day, etc....is overwhelming to say the least and slightly annoying.  I also appreciate the gesture of having one worker walk around (or wander aimlessly) and clear your trays for you, BUT - it makes me feel like I'm being watched while I eat.

I'm hoping they reduce their staff as they get used to their flow of traffic.  Otherwise, I'll be taking my food to go! :)
Supa Zupas! Ok enough of that. Went the other day for lunch, and the staff handled a relatively large crowed with ease and efficiency. I like that food is made to order and that their lunch meat is not over processed. I was expecting the salad and soup combo to be a smaller version half and half, but it was the WHOLE thing. That is amazing for the price and it is decent fare. 
Enjoyed the Italian Soda mix in's. But, as someone else said fresh brewed iced tea would be nice.  This is a great location for them and I see that they have ventured into something that just may stick in a strip mall back corner....we shall see.
Oh and ask for a chocolate covered strawberry they are awesome!
A tiny notch down from Wildflower or Nordstroms Cafe (why the 4 star)...but a good soup, salad, sammi place none the less.
This place is salt in the wound from one of my favorite local restaurants closing last year. It's basically the fast food version of the same thing. 

The concept is a good one: salads, soups, sandwiches. I welcome fresh, healthy options. But, be warned: if you order a large salad, you'll get the exact same quantity of mix-ins than you would in a small salad -- just extra lettuce. Now, let's think about that: it just dilutes the impact those mix-ins have. I find that a bummer.

If that changed, I would probably bump up my review because I do love the concept and I think the Italian soda mixer station is a rad idea! And, I love that their version of the dinner mint is a chocolate covered strawberry.
Tried this place on a whim as we were driving by.  They were offering 50% off all entrees for the grand opening.  My husband and I weren't even hungry but we decided to share something just to give it a try.  We had the soup and salad combo which at half off cost around $4 and some change!

We got the White Bean & Vegetable soup because it was both gluten free (hubby) and vegetarian (me).  It was very tasty.  I wasn't expecting much and really liked it.

We also had the berry salad.  It had blueberry, strawberry, raspberry and pomegranate as well as finely chopped cinnamon almonds and a lemon poppy seed dressing.  It was really good.

I didn't think the chocolate dipped strawberry was that great.  Didn't taste overly fresh to me.  But the slice of bread that came with the soup was DELICIOUS!

I would go again.  And will be even happier if they have fresh brewed iced tea.
Sandwich. Salad. Soup. Yum! Yum! Yum! I noticed Cafe Zupas before they opened, looked it up online, and was excited to try something new in the area. Since then, I have been several times, trying different menu items, and each visit has been great.

- Yucatan Chipotle Chicken Salad: I really like this salad. I ask to add corn. Fresh and yummy with a little bit of a spicy kick. Win.
- BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich: I read somewhere that this was the most favorite sandwich, and I can see why. Tender meat and a great sauce, balanced perfectly with the slaw and soft Ciabatta bread. Win.
- California Turkey Sandwich: I don't like sprouts, so I got it without. Pretty simple, fresh and yummy. Win.
- Turkey Bacon Avocado Panini: It was good, but not great. It seemed a little too soft. Like the heat of the sandwich made the inner side of bread mush. Meh.
- Tomato Basil Soup with Orzo Pasta: Not a fan at all. I love tomato soups, but this one was just odd. Weird flavor, weird texture, way too salty. Bleh.
- Wisconsin Cauliflower Soup: OMG delicious! I hate cauliflower, but I tried a sample, and it was awesome. I've heard that cauliflower cheese soup can taste just like potato cheese soup, and it did! Win.
- Yucatan Chicken Tortilla Soup: A little too salty, but I still love the flavor. A little spicy, and the glob of guacamole, squeeze of lime, and tortilla strips help balance the salt. Win.
- Chicken Enchilada Chili: Tastes like enchiladas in soup form. I love it. Win.

Bossman is one of the pickiest eaters I know, and he has fallen for the Honey Bacon Club Panini (without tomatoes) and the Tuscan White Bean and Vegetable Soup (although he said this is also a little salty - even for the man who puts extra salt on EVERYTHING)!

The fresh bread that comes with the soup is delicious. Slightly crusty exterior and soft inside. And who can complain about a chocolate dipped strawberry? Awesome touch!
We went to Zupas on the recommendation of some friends. I was excited to try it since I am a huge sucker for sandwiches and salads. It's a very bright place with a ton of people behind the counter to help. The menu is pretty large and you can build your own salads if you want. 

I have been here a couple times and I would say the sandwiches are not bad. They are pretty basic and not something you would drive out of your way for. The salads were more memorable for me. Great selections of salads and very fresh. The soups are very salty. 

I will go back to Cafe Zupas, but I wished it was a little more than it is.
This is one of my wifes and I favorite places to eat. Wonderful selection of Soup, salad and sandwiches. They even have Italian syrups for making your own Italian sodas, and for only 1.50, they are cheaper than most peoples regular drinks. They have a new featured "world tour" soup every couple of weeks, where you can get a "passport" stamped to earn free food and drinks and ultimately a grand prize. The chocolate covered strawberry at the end is a nice touch. And the service is very friendly, you can tell management has put it as a priority. 

My Favorite Combo: Pulled BBQ Pork Sandwich and BBQ Chicken Salad
The food is presented exactly the way it is in the photos.  I was very very impressed and will definitely return.  The service was awesome!
Pricey for the amount of food. Employees in your face as soon as you get in the door. Food is bland with the exception of the chicken enchilada chili which was delicious. Clean bathrooms and dining area. The place has a cool look about it. Probably won't go back but wouldn't steer others away without trying it once.
I had the chicken pesto sandwich. My question is how the hell do you make anything with pesto in it and still make it absolutely tasteless? This place is a waste of time.
This is my new favorite place! Cheaper and better than Paradise Bakery! Bread is really soft, every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry, and you can make your own Italian sodas! The service is also friendly and fast!
One of my quick lunch faves! Only heard about this place from a co-worker who recommeded we go there for lunch. She calorie counts and that is another reason why she likes the place. No calorie counting for me! Haha! I like The Try 2 Combo for $7.99 which includes a Whole Sandwich: Half Soup/or Half Salad. THE BEST PART IS THE CHOCOLATE DIPPED STRAWBERRY included with every meal purchase.

The variety of soups are great & they provide taste cups if you want to try any before deciding on your soup choice, my favorite is Wild Mushroom Bisque. They have a good selection in salad options as well, my favoorite is Pina Colada Chicken Salad. For the sandwiches, I usually go with Pesto Chicken Panini. The desserts always look so delicious & I have on numerous times gave in to the "Low Fat" Berries & Custard Cup/Tart.

It's a quick and easy place to grab lunch on the go or to sit down with friends and enjoy. They have choice of inside & outdoor seating. It is a bit noisy in there, but tolerable. I agree with another reviewer, that the overwhelming greetings from all the workers is a bit much. Overall, I like the place & will be back for many more lunches.
I wish there was a "chain" category. Cafe Zupas is now the second good chain restaurant I've been to!

I had the "Try 2 Combo", $7.99, and chose the Boston Crab Melt sandwhich and Thai Lobster Curry soup. Both were pretty darned good!

The menu looks great, as does the restaurant itself.

The personnel were very nice, accomodating and welcoming. One strange occurance was when I went to take a picture of their brownies, a lady that worked there told me they don't allow indoor photographs (wierd!). 

All in all, I totally enjoyed my lunch and will be back.

Desert Ridge peeps...you're getting one soon..
I love this place! The choose 2 option is only $7.99 and you get a ton of food! Large selection of salads or you can create your own by choosing from the greens and add-ins. All of the sandwiches I've tried so far are good and they've got a lot to choose from. I've only tried a couple soups so far but they'll offer you samples of any you want to try. They include a piece of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. Good selection of fountain drinks as well and syrups to make Italian sodas.
Food was fresh and tasty. Friend got a small salad and I got a large. It seemed the only difference in the two was the amount of the lettuce,  not the other veggies. Slightly disappointed with that. 

The soda station with the italian syrups is a nice touch. 

The service was over the top. Too much. It needs to be toned down a bit or don't have so many people working at a time. Both of us felt there was someone always in your face.

Maybe things will settle a bit after it's been open a while.
Only have been once, but will definetly be back.   the service was good - maybe too over the top / bubbly, but a nice change from grumpy service people.

I did the try two combo for $7.99  - got the Ultimate grilled cheese which had cheddar & Muenster cheese with tomatos and peston.   It was greasy and delish just how a grilled cheese should be.  For my second Item I got the Vermont Maple Salad which included:
Blueberries, Apples, Cinnamon Almonds, Blue Cheese, Romaine Lettuce, and Maple Vinaigrette Dressing.    I'll be honest I licked the dressing container clean - wow that was good!

the meal came with a hunk of bread (unimpressive) and a chocolate covered strawberry.

definetly fresh, definetly tasty, definetly will be back for mor maple vinagrette dressing!

side note:  they need to change their to go boxes - the panini was so hot and they placed it in a styrofoam box which melted.
Not a bad place to grab a bite.

Think of it as a variant on Paradise Bakery or Corner Bakery with your soups, salads and sandwiches. I had a ham and cheese panini along with a chopped salad.They were fine but not enough to make me come back again.

The service is very friendly and enthusiastic. The placed is brightly lit so you won't necessarily feel compelled to stick around.
Very fresh and delicious.   A wonderful menu....tons of healthy choices.   I got the sandwich/soup combo.  White been soup was delicious.... and the turkey bacon avocado sandwich...hold the bacon.  Very tasty.

The soda/ice tea drinks are many.

Everyone who worked there were happy and helpful.  Fresh cool interior design.
Good overall. It was a feast for the senses. I like the concept. It's hard to explain. They have soups, salads, sandwiches, and desserts for all sorts of cravings.
I LOVE Zupas! I have been a fan since they first opened in Utah and only had soups and salads on the menu.  They have expanded the menu to include sandwiches and desserts (the chocolate cake is DELICIOUS!!!). My favorite soups are the Wisconsin Cauliflower, Mushroom Bisque, and Clam Chowder. My favorite salad is the Red Raspberry Spinach while my daughter craves the Nuts About Berries. I have never been disappointed no matter what I ordered. Great service, great food. Fingers crossed they build one in the Chandler/Gilbert area!!
I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars on Cafe Zupas, as I'm not all that excited about eating here. I've been here twice now, and I'm just not a fan. Its' not that its bad-its just doesn't do anything for me, and I find myself at a loss every time I eat here.

I've been here twice now, and today was better then the first time I went.  Cafe is large, with ample seating and great decor.  Plenty of help, lots of people during lunch hour, staff is friendly, with plenty of menu options.   Most of the stuff is to odd for me, and doesn't hit the spot for what I feel like eating.

Cafe Zupas has quite a few healthy choices of food, from soups, to salads, and sandwiches.  I can do healthy food, and if the menu were more like Zoe's, I would probably be a fan.  Hot Lobster bisque when its 100 degrees outside? eh, no thanks.  A large salad with stuff I dislike on it? No thanks either.  I don't like funky salads!  I don't need 14 varieties of nuts, berries and weird stuff on it.  I can appreciate a good salad, but I don't want to feel like a squirrel!  lol

Anyways, today was fine, I stuck with the grilled cheese sandwich with a pop for a grand total of $7.30.   I was a little shocked because the sandwich was only $4.99..which means my pop was almost $2.00! I don't mean to sound cheap, but my coworker and I both wanted a cheap, light easy lunch, and we were surprised that it was so much. 

Anyways, I will probably be back since we rotate this place into our lunch places that we eat at since its right across the street from work.  I definitely wouldn't go back on my own, that's for sure.  Even though I try to seek out healthy dining options, I'm just not a fan!
This location has been so many different restaurants in the past few years and now there is finally a good one! It's basically a fancied-up paradise bakery with better food, bread, and condiments. Oh and better prices too. I had a small Chipotle Chicken salad and a small tortilla soup and that was a good amount of food- with a drink, for only $10.58. The soup was great! And they let me sample several kinds before making my decision. I also loved that they had at least a dozen different kinds of hot sauce bottles on the wall that customers are free to use as they please. I tried three because I like to bring the heat and because they were available.  

My only complaint was that the dirty dish bin was overflowing even though the place was super slow. Can't someone handle that? Its gross to have to move other people's dirty dishes around in order to fit yours in there. Ts seems like an easy thing to fix- someone pick up dirty dishes every couple of hours or something.
YUMMMM

this is the food of my dreams. I'm a vegetarian, so it's hard to find places that are meat free as well as tofu and mushy eggplant free. This place hit the spot.

Cauliflower soup... omg. Delicious. I talk about it still. I had the strawberry salad and soup combo. It was an easy 8 bucks. My sister and Mom had some other stuff, I was way too proccupied with my delicious soup to give notice. And it came with a dipped strawberry. heaven.

Is this place a chain? It is such a good chain if it is. Everything was great. My only complaint is that they're closed on Sundays. I hate establishments that are closed on Sundays, I think it's dumb. I drove my whole family here one Sunday afternoon, all excited to introduce my husband to the delicious selection and they were closed. ugh. We're going tomorrow. Maybe that will ease my bitterness of the Sunday thing and cause an extra star to be added.. we will see.
I wish there was one closer to where I live.  My kids and I love their food.  They have salads, sandwiches, soup and dessert.  Love this place!!
We used them for a catering event. The food was very good and comparable to wildflower/paradise/corner bakery.  I think they a few more options of soups and salads than the competition as well.  They staff was very friendly and helpful and the dessert presentation great!
We will be ordering again.
The sandwich/salad combinations are sweet!
I can honestly say Yay! I'm a fan.  The food is various and tasty.  The portions are correct, and priced accordingly.  I do find the 59 Cents for the soup mix-ins is a little pricy, but the soup doesn't need anything.  I think I may be cheating on my husband with the Thai Lobster Curry soup.

If I could change anything, it would be for the staff to just chill out.  When I go, I have someone open the door for me, ask me if I need a menu, then the salad person is all chipper, etc.  Really.  Please chill.  You're freaking me out, man.
I am basing this review solely on the Cauliflower Soup. Holy Heaven in a cup. We had Zupas cater lunch at the office, so I can't speak to the actual restaurant. But man, I wish I had a bucket of that soup.
Atmosphere was meh..
Food was meh..
Service was meh..
Prices were meh..

Nothing about Zupas made me happy.. and i get excited easily. I wanted to kill all the Biltmore Business people in there too. With a sword.
This place is the best ever and I wish there was one out in the North West valley. The food is amazing for the price you pay. Its 50% cheaper than any other place we order from and its just as good as Paradise Bakery, being at a dealership we have a large order and they have never made a mistake once.  Heather is the best most friendly,awesome person as well everytime I call in a large order. A+++++++ to them and keep up the great work Heather! :)
This place is close to my work and after seeing it a few times I decided to go check it out. I have to say I was drawn to it because I'm Polish and zupa = soup. Cafe Soup! Why not, I'm down!

They have a great combo deal that I'll always get for lunch. You can pick two choices from either half a salad, half a cup of soup, or a sandwich. And then you go on down the line and run into their giant delicious deserts and you realize you're in heaven! Big thick brownies and giant slices of heavenly looking cake. And as a bonus even if you don't get a desert they give everyone a chocolate dipped strawberry as a small treat. That makes me love them all the more really.

I have to say that I haven't sampled all of their soups and sandwiches but from what I have tried I have to say the mushroom bisque is to die for and if you love grilled cheese you HAVE to try the Ultimate Grilled Cheese sandwich. 

The service is fast, they have many people working behind the counter so you never get stuck waiting and waiting and waiting for your food to be prepared. It's a great choice when you need something quick and don't want to resort to a fast food drive through. 

All in all Cafe Zupas is one of my staples if I'm having a lazy lunch day and want something delicious!
A few notables:
fast
fresh
great choices
generous portions
wifi
great service
Crystal Light! 
chocolate covered strawberries
lobster bisque
comfortable seating

I will definitely be back, and I'd recommend Cafe Zupas to anyone who likes soups, salads, and sandwiches for lunch. There were so many things on the menu I can't wait to go back and try!
After a marathon shopping sesh at Last Chance, my mom & I needed some food! Cafe Zupas did not disappoint. This is a great "meet someone quick for lunch" spot.   As everyone has mentioned, the chocolate covered strawberry with every meal is such a nice touch! They were really accomdating when I wanted to sample like every delish looking soup.  My mom really enjoyed the Lobster Bisque, I loved the cauliflower soup.  

The desserts were semi disappointing, but everything else was great.

OH! And my favorite part was that they have all of these different syrups that you can mix into your fountain drink.  it's really fun!
For years I've been looking for a place to eat that I could consider healthy.  I work right next to this location and have seen the "Coming Soon" sign for a while.  When it finally opened, it took me a while but I finally tried. it.

When you first walk in, the staff is beyond nice.  I was the only one in there when they first opened, but was greeted by literally, 10 people.  I even made a comment about everyone being there. I felt like a King!

Never have eaten here, I asked what was popular and what was good.  The girl  was great because when i said "its ok to be honest.." She was.   She recommended a salad and said I could customize to how I wanted.  There's a place in Chandler that I loved and I recreated the same salad from that place.

She nailed it.

The salad was perfect and when you go pay for your food they even throw a chocolate covered strawberry in with your meal.  How cool is that?

My only beef with the place.. and actually it's not the place is that it tends to bring in the snobby people in.   I had a near bump in with some guy who had placed is cup in front of me.. I had no idea it was there and said excuse me.  He grunted and gave me this look.  Wow.. ok man.  Chill out.

So if you want great sandwiches and salads.  I highly recommend Cafe Zupas.  Love this place and I will definitely be back.
Fast, fresh and incredibly cheap. I have had the turkey cranberry sandwich and the turkey bacon Panini and both were well under 5 bucks and pretty good. This place reminds me a lot of Wildflower. 

The only disappointment was the mushroom bisque soup, it had so much salt in it I couldn't eat it. I had ordered it to go and was already at home or I would have returned it.

The chocolate covered strawberries are a nice touch, and the service is friendly. I think this is a great spot to grab a quick lunch, but not much more.
We had Cafe Zupas catered for a business meeting last week and it did not disappoint. Whenever food is catered, it's typically Paradise. Wooo (insert sarcasm here)! Paradise isn't bad, but there's just nothing special about it. 

There were several different kinds of sandwiches to choose from. I got the chicken salad and it was delicious. Everyone else really liked their sandwiches too. The salad was also really good. Not your typical garden or Cesar salad. I'm not quite sure what it was but it had chicken, tomatoes, and feta.. yummy. Now we must also discuss the huge dessert platter that was in front of us. It was filled with chocolate covered strawberries, brownies, cookies dipped in chocolate, and more! I've never seen a dessert try like that before for a work lunch. Of course, I had to try a few of the items and they were all so good!

I would definitely make my way to their physical location in the future so that I can try out some other items. And if you're looking to cater for a large group of people, definitely check this place out. Your guests will not be disappointed and it'll make a great impression on them earning you some major brownie points.
This is an interesting place.  I believe they opened recently, judging from the overstaffing we experienced.  We were greeted just as we joined the short line by a young woman that was very excited to describe the menu items to us, and explain the process of ordering.

This place is like a combination of Paradise Bakery and Wildflower - lots of soups and salads and a few sandwiches tossed in.  You order by advancing down a counter, where you first choose a sandwich, salad or combination of dishes.  I ordered an Asian Pulled-Pork BBQ sandwich here, and the woman behind the counter turned her head and shouted "Pulled Pork!", it was kinda weird, but ok.  I passed on the salad as I was interested in a soup/sandwich combo, so I moved on down to the soup station.  They've got about ten different soups on any one day, and today I chose a Chicken Enchilada Chile soup.  A creamy soup that was topped with shredded cheese, sour cream and tortilla strips.  They've got all sorts of add-ins for your soups.  My daughter ordered a tomato bisque and the wife had a Wisconsin Cauliflower soup.  You then move on past to the dessert section.  I passed.  It got a little weird here, as you had to relate your order to yet another person, who repeats it to the cashier - then you pay.

They have a drink bar for beverages, mostly just a soda fountain - but they also offer Crystal Light and an assortment of flavor add-ins to make your soda "italian"  So here's the breakdown on the meal.  My soup was tasty, but lacking any chicken.  The sandwich was delicious, with a crispy slaw on top and slathered with a chipotle mayo sauce.  I asked for extra mayo just to taste it, and it was nicely spiced with the chiles and brought a bit of zing to the sandwich.  The wife and daughter weren't too thrilled with their soup choices, but they loved the chunk of French bread that came with it.

The negatives for me was the house-baked Ciabatta bread for the sandwich.  Too soft.  It should have a crispy crust and a bit of chew to it.  The bread that came with the soup was tasty, but cold - it should be served warm, and again, French bread should have a crispy crust.  There was no fresh iced tea.  In a place that prides itself on fresh and house-made and they serve tea from a soda fountain (gakkkk!)  Finally, the blue neon lighting.  It's great for trim and highlighting - but it should never come near food.  The icebox that contained the lemon and lime wedges for the drinks was lit with blue neon, and it makes the fruit look like it's all brown and not appealing at all.

This is a great, healthy lunch option and a place that I will definitely come back to.
I really enjoy dining here. The soups are hot, rich and tasty, the salads are really fresh and you can customize them to your liking, the staff is very friendly, and the whole cafe has a bright, contemporary, casual ambiance. You can customize your drinks at their drink bar which has syrups and "recipes" for various combinations. All that and good prices too. This place is a winner.
Awesome service! Awesome food! Great prices! Wow!!!
Just opened in Desert Ridge and there is also a location near the Biltmore - this soup/salad/sandwich lunch spot hits the spot!
The Try 2 is a great way to have a sandwich/soup soup/salad salad/sandwich combo for 7.99.  The sandwiches and salads are good but the soups are out of this world.  
Drinks are also excellent - yes its a fountain server a la any other sandwich place, but Zupas has Italian Soda syrups nearby that you can pump into your drink, turning a coke into a Strawberry Cola, or a Ginger Ale (I have not seen this on soda fountain before) into a Raspberry Ginger Ale.
Kids giving you trouble?  Got an iPod handy?  No problem - they even have docks and screens for the little ones to watch their favorite movies while you eat in piece.
All in all a great place for lunch.
Fair warning to weekend lunchers - this place is closed Sundays
I just want to let everyone know that they don't wash their strawberries before they dip them in the chocolate, and sometimes the strawberries are moldy. Also they claim to be so healthy but all their sauces are mayo based. That is why they don't have nutrition facts available. They don't want you to know how UN Healthy it is.
So apparently 9 out of the 9 employees working today were new? They all were standing around with a confused look on their face. California Turkey was nothing special.
Yummy!!!
Recently used these guys to cater our office X-mas party, MIHS Card Clinic. The food was great, everyone loved it and the young lady that delivered it was prompt, friendly  and very knowledgeable. We will definitely use them again.
Thank You Cafe Zupas.
Great Service experience POOR SOUP EXPERIENCE. This location offers a friendly service experience. I can't believe that fresh made soup should taste like they dumped the whole salt shaker in the bowl. The soup was also short on chicken and vegetables, it was mostly broth. I like the place, but with the poor soup quality. It was my first and last experience. I would choose Paradise Bakery for soup over Zupas
Between this place and Cafe Rio were are starting to form a "Little Utah" here in Town and Country.  An expansive menu, decent prices, and a super, super friendly staff. Solid lunch offering.
It was super busy for lunch on a Friday.  It reminded me of a Panera's but, much better.  I had a half lobster bisque soup and an Asian pork sandwich on soft ciabatta.  It was a first timer and it was excellent.  The chocolate dipped strawberry is a nice touch.  Nice place for lunch.
Most Unfortunate! This was our first time in Zupas, we drive by all the time and they always seem busy but now we can't figure out why. The clean and modern decor mixed with the larger than life posters of their food and the word "Perfect" contrasted greatly with the actual food we ordered. I tried the Tuscan white bean soup and my wife tried the cauliflower. They were both so salty we couldn't make it through half the bowl, there was no garnish on either soup and little to no flavor. We split the ultimate cheese sandiwich - also underwhelming, salty and reasonably bland. The beverage selection was poor unless you like soda and the staff seemed oblivious to anyone or anything around them. The best part of the experience was only having to lose $12 on the ordeal and the highlight was leaving. 

We won't be back and suggest you stay away unless you're into poorly constructed, bad food for cheap.
Always a fan of Cafe Zupas and their very friendly staff.  Once critique would be that their soups tend to be very salty.   Now as for their sandwiches: the Turkey Spinach Artichoke and Pesto Chicken are amazing.  Every time I go, I alternate one or the other because they're both so great.  The flavors for each are so incredibly tasty and delicious, writing this right now makes me want to go and get another sandwich!  This place is definitely worth a try.
Food is awesome- but, there concept and check out process was horrible-!!! I orders a bowl of soup and panni. By the time i could pay my steamy hot food was just barely warm. You all need to get it together....
lunch time  the best food on camelback
I don't know why, but when I feel like someone is so precise in their measurement of the ingredients that they wouldn't dare give more than 7 black beans per salad or .38 ounces of soup per serving I hearken back to the scene from Casino where Ace has the two blueberry muffins and he is browbeating the cook to have an equal number of blueberries and that the cook is supposed to "Count them out by hand"...I don't know maybe it is just a personal thing, but I got that feeling at Zupa. In fairness the food was very good and quality, however the checkout procedure is a little mind numbing to say the least and the poor kid at the counter (because it was super busy at lunch) was a overwhelmed and slightly confused at my soup and salad. Overall Zupa's menu selection is good, the food was quality, the place was clean, they could just use a little fine tuning in the "order to table process" and don't be so worried about giving your guest an extra .0023 ounce of lettuce it made me feel like the cost of goods were more important than whether or not I was satisfied.
It's not Ruth Chris but for a cheap, quick lunch.....it's good.  I typically get a salad and a soup.  Greens are always fresh and crisp and their Yucatan soup is good.  A few friends have gotten a sandwich and they all said it was an average sandwich.....but i've never tried their sandwich. 
The service is always quick and they appear to be overstaffed, not sure how the owners handle to overhead with the prices and the amount of staff....but it works.
I'm not clear why this place boasts "you can experience the best food the whole world has to offer".  The free chocolate covered strawberry was a nice touch but didn't make this the best restaurant.  It wasn't BAD...it just wasn't that good.
I do not recommend. When I ordered my sandwich and asked for a couple substitions, the staff member told me, "I better come only when they aren't busy if I'm going to have these requests." The food was average at best too so needless to say I haven't returned despite the fact I work a mile away.
On my most recent dining experience at Cafe Zupas I had a slightly unpleasant experience.  My favorite Turkey Spinach Artichoke sandwich was very different.  The turkey definitely tasted like ham!  As someone who doesn't eat any pork I was a bit troubled by this.  I went up and inquired about this, I was informed that the restaurant was testing a new kind of turkey, supposedly a higher quality ... but was smoked.  

For any others who can't or don't eat pork you know smoked anything still tastes like pork, and for some the mental association from the flavor as pork is too much.  I let them know at least my feedback on this and that others who don't eat pork would at least appreciate smoked* being noted on the menu, as I would have avoided this dish.

Now, I believe I was talking to a manager, mostly because I have seen her working every single visit, said she appreciated the feedback and asked if she could make another sandwich for me.  Thank you Noe!  This is exactly what I consider excellent service!  

While I am bummed my favorite dish has changed - I increased my rating from 4 to 5 stars because of the continued good experiences and now proven great customer service.
My sister and I were traveling during a day of grocery shopping and she told me she wanted to stop at this place for a bite to eat. I had never heard of this place and I admit to being a more of a burger and fries gal than a soup and salad chick. She was very insistent and we stopped. She didn't tell me much except that they had good food so imagine my surprise to see the menu with very delicious looking soups, salads, and sandwiches. They have an excellent and unique variety of all three of those items. What looked good to me was the Chicken Enchilada Chili. Sounded great. I got it and was really off put by the color but wow it tastes so GOOD! It was hot, creamy and full of flavor. You get a small piece of bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry. Yum. I was very satisfied with the prices and the quality. I will definitely return again.
This is the poor mans Paradise Bakery. Sandwiches are 95% bread and my Thai lobster curry soup was missing the lobster. It took all my energy not to ask for refund.
I ordered a pesto chicken panini and a bowl of gumbo. Both were excellent. The sauce was just perfect on the sandwich, and the toppings went very nicely with the chicken. The gumbo was tasty, not that spicy or peppery, but still had a nice flavor.

The chocolate-covered strawberry was a nice addition to the meal.

I'll definitely be back.
The first time I was there I got the vegetarian sandwich and the white bean soup. I was really impressed. But the last few times I've been there the food has been very salty (only the veggie sandwich has been good). The white bean soup had no white beans, only vegetables the last time. Not really impressed anymore. BTW, I got the thai peanut sandwich too, so I have not restricted myself to vegetarian items.
Cheap! Delicious! 

Those are two words that unfortunately, do not go together as often as I would like. 

I am not exactly in the best uhhh financial situation at the moment. So I often have to sacrifice quality for cheapness.

But even when I do become wildly successful, (hopefully exactly 2 weeks after receiving my bachelors degree) I will still remain frugal. I will still have my coffee can of coins and I will still refuse to throw a penny in the pond. Like my depression era grandparents I am going to be that insanely eccentric lady that hides money under the floor boards but don't tell anyone.  

So the cheapness of the food was awesome. I only went there a couple of times because I had to head back to Detroit where unfortunately, they do not have a Zupas. 

The times I went there I got the soup and salad. The salad was pretty amazing...I expected to be kind of spicy because hey it had the word "Thai" in it but it had more of a kick than I was expecting! 

This is not a bad thing. I think many restaurant owners assume Americans cannot handle spicy and they might be right. In my case, I think people underestimate me...when I ask for spicy I mean it.  

I also had the Yucatan Chicken Soup. This also had something of a kick and is AWESOME!

The people are super friendly, and even gave me directions. Let's just say I can be um "directionally challenged" and I don't have a car so I either walk or take the bus. I prefer walking and every time they pointed me in the right direction. :) 

I wanted to get the desert but the only reason I didn't was because it was the most expensive thing on the menu!
YUM! Great food at a good price. The place does really well mixing up the food choices.  I eat at the one in Desert Ridge and the Biltmore and the food is consistent and great!!
wonderful! i love this palce, the free wifi, the Food is magnificent and overall a must go for LUNCH!
I live so close to Cafe Zupas and pass it all the time and finally decided to stop in and give it a try- I'm glad I did! It's definitely affordable. I got a huge piña colada salad and turkey cranberry sandwich with a bit of italian bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry for around $8.
I would recommend the turkey cranberry sandwich- it's fresh and crunchy with the cucumbers and sprouts. They went a little heavy on the cranberry spread, but it wasn't overly sweet or anything so it was fine.
I wouldn't really recommend the piña colada salad though- it had components I enjoy but it wasn't the greatest together. I generally like my salad dressings to have a little kick or tang to them, but the dressing was faintly sweet, not that flavorful and had this really unappealing creamy-but-clear consistency.
I sampled the Wisconsin cauliflower soup- tasted really great but if you're a textural person and prefer smoother soups, be warned, it's a little gritty almost.
The chocolate covered strawberries are amazing- you can't really go wrong with that. I definitely will try the desserts next time (creme brulee everything!) and I'll be back- for the price, you can't go wrong!
I had heard a lot of good things from co-workers about Cafe Zupas, but had never been myself until yesterday. I was amazed at how friendly and patient the staff was, how quickly they prepared my meal, how much food I received for such a small price, and how delicious everything was! I will most definitely be back.
I work right by this place and go as often as possible - it is amazing!!!  I'm a veggie hater, but their Wisconsin Cauliflower soup has made me love cauliflower!!!  I also love the Honey Bacon Club sandwich and have tried their deserts - this place rules!  Only con is that they are closed on Sundays, which is ridiculous, this isn't the bible belt for pete's sake!
Tried this restaurant for the first.  Arrived around 1230p and there was a bit of a line.  Problem is, the line moves at less than a snail's pace.  I waited for over 20 minutes to place a quick salad order.  I opted to create my own but the girl who was making the salad assumed it was another type.  She added ingredients I did not want.  She did offer to remake but I had waited so long in line, I just told her to keep the extra ingredients on the salad and then told her what I actually wanted.  Much to my dismay, they charged me for the extra ingredients.  Salad was good but felt they should not have charged for their error.  I went to their website to let them know but there is no contact us option.

If you are in a hurry, avoid this place as it takes a long time to eat there.  Not worth the effort and I will most likely not return.
Nice place to grab a sandwich for lunch! Very fast, efficient and friendly workers. A diverse menu to select from. I had a panini sandwich and it was pretty tasty. Food was made to order and still came out amazingly fast. 

The food prep area was kept very clean. As for the dining area, it was a little neglected, and because of this, there were many people circling about looking for clean tables.

Otherwise this is a very decent restaurant. Too bad they're not open on Sundays.
I love the fresh ingredients, made from scratch concept and the quality and flavor shows. I had the pick 2 combo with the New England clam chowder and ultimate grilled cheese. The chowder was packed with flavor and very different from any other one I've had. You have the option for add-ons like bacon or asiago croutons, but it really doesn't need it. The grilled cheese was actually a grilled panini with tasty cheese, tomatoes, and a pesto sauce. 

The preparation and service was quick and friendly. They certainly know how to staff appropriately for when the restaurant is almost full. My only complaint is that this place isn't open on Sundays. Oh well, nobody's perfect.
WoW! I was blown away.  

Service great.  There is someone at the door if you want some suggestions.  Need something there are some attendees on the floor addressing your needs.

food - Fresch delicious and quick. :-O 

Ambient - causal and full of energy. Vibrant.

I love that the food that I ordered and saw on others plates was so full of color.

Price - Its pretty reasonable.
It was okay, a bit inconsistent. I got the lunch combo - soup and salad. The salad was called "nuts for berries" or something along those lines, and it was very strange. It tasted like cereal. How can salad taste like cereal right? My lunch date was very skeptical when I described my salad in that manner, so he tried a bite and his response was "wow it does taste like cereal". Strange and not in a good way. 

But the soup I chose was good - Wisconsin cauliflower. Although I did not see any cauliflower in my soup, the cheese taste was really great. This earned the place 2 stars. 

I gave them a 3rd star because they give you a chocolate covered strawberry at the end and that made me happy. 

I probably would not return here though.
I'm surprised there are so few five star reviews. I absolutely loved it. It was inexpensive, there was a large selection of salads, sandwiches and paninis. My friend and I each got a small salad (I got the BBQ ranch chicken and she got something with berries, both were delicious) and a turkey pesto sandwich that we split. 
Everything was delicious! Very flavorful, fresh, good portions.
I will definitely be back soon!
This is a great value for the money.  My boyfriend and I go here probably three or four times a month.  They have great low carb choices if you stick with soups or salads (some require a little modification, though), but they are very accommodating with that.  If you're not low carbing, then you can enjoy their absolutely wonderful bread and the chocolate-covered strawberry that comes with each meal.  I also really like their unsweetened tropical iced tea (but wished they carried Sweet N' Low and not just Splenda).

I typically get one of their chicken salads or a piping hot bowl of soup.  I really enjoyed their cauliflower cheddar soup.  It was hearty and delicious.  I also like their BBQ chicken salad.
My husband and I love this place! It's great for a Saturday lunch (closed on Sundays). 

We've tried most of their soups, but the mushroom bisque is absolutely the best. All other soups pale in comparison. It's delicious with an Asiago crouton.

The sandwiches we've tried are all good, but none of them truly stand out. That's the only reason why I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5. The Mediterranean sandwich they're currently featuring is pretty yummy.

I love their soda fountain. They have a variety of flavored syrups, some of them sugar-free, to make your own Italian-style soda. I love Sprite with a bit of raspberry, strawberry, and/or blueberry.

With their you-pick-two meals you can get a half size soup, whole sandwich, and a chocolate covered strawberry. After a couple of trips the hubby and I figured out that one meal was plenty for the two of us. This makes it a very wallet-friendly eatery.
I've eaten here a few times now. I will say I enjoy how this place is a relaxed atmosphere. However, living in Central Phoenix I tend to favor a less "corporate" feel in a restaurant's ambiance. That's probably the only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars. Also, the parking is not the best because they are sharing a lot with Last Chance, c'mon! 

Aside from that, here are all the things I enjoy about Cafe Zupas: 
-The entire staff is friendly. Every person smiles at you, and is kind. I like that.
-The food is great and fresh. I have tried a few of their salads and sandwiches and have never been disappointed. In fact, when I'm craving a "good" sandwich I come here. Their panini's are hot and full of flavor (I was in tasteful heaven eating my turkey spinach artichoke panini today). 
-It's a nice plus that a chocolate covered strawberry comes with any salad or sandwich. 
-I respect that they're closed on Sundays. 

All in all, this is a solid food establishment, and I will continue to be a return customer.
Yummy. Shanghai chicken salad was awesome. I love the soups too... lobster bisque.. yum. The chocolate strawberry is a nice touch too.

True it is corporate feeling but the staff is friendly.
There is a lot of competition just from 16th street to 20th street on Camelback.  Cafe Zupas is another decent place with affordable prices.   

I think the concept is similar to Paradise Bakery Cafe.  You place your order at the different counter stations, either salad, sandwich, or soup. However, they don't have a coffee station, wish they would, but do have a dessert counter.  They all looked so sweet & delicious!  A plus is while waiting in line, they give you different soups to sample.  I tried the Thai Lobster Curry soup, it sounded better than actually tasted for me.  To be safe, I stick with the clam chowder soup.  It was rich and good flavor, but loaded with more potatoes than clam meat.  

All their soups include fresh bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry.  You get to choose 2 combo for $7.99.  The sandwich came as whole not just half along with the soup.  Overall, an excellent spot to get a quick lunch/dinner.
I can't decide if this place is nothing like Paradise Bakery or similar to it. It definitely has it's uniqueness but also reminds me of PB. I walked in and was immediately greeted by staff and given a run through of the menu (I told her it was my first time in). I did the $7.99 lunch combo with a sandwich and soup (you can also choose salad). I liked that you went down the line to order everything (like PB). I ordered the chicken pesto Panini and was able to sample soups before making a decision. I liked the tomato basil with orzo so I went with it. Then I saw the desserts and couldn't say no to some chocolate mousse. I got a drink and went to find a table. In the center of the restaurant, there is a technology center with small TV's mounted. I definitely thought that was cool. The drink station was behind it and I also liked the drink recommendations you could make with the different beverage options. Overall, I liked the food that I got, the chicken pesto sandwich had almonds in it and wasn't really a fan of that. The soup was good just couldn't eat an entire bowl of it. Unlike PB, they give you an entire sandwich and a big bowl of soup (with a chocolate cover strawberry). I left feeling extremely full! Overall, I liked Café Zupas and would return!
Love this place!
I am sure you have all been through this scenario...
It's lunchtime
You're hungry
You have no idea what you want to eat.
Do you like sandwiches?  Do you like soups?  Do you like salads?
Look no further than Cafe Zupas.  If you come here and can't find something that looks good then you are wayyy to picky.  Take it down a notch Mr/Mrs Picky McPickerson
5 stars.  Great lunch spot and great for a quick dinner as well.
I order their thai mango salad and enchilada soup every time I go and it's amazing every time I eat it. the ingredients are fresh and crisp and the soup is flavorful and creamy. it's the perfect lunch! and I love that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal as a dessert. my fave!!
I've visited Zupas a couple of times and this quick and easy place is hard to beat for a quick lunch or easy dinner! With a fantastic selection of sandwiches, soups and salads..all at super reasonable prices ($7.99 for half soup and salad, but are big portions) it's hard to go wrong. The service has always been great, usually above and beyond what you get in any fast, casual restaurant. They greet you at the door and usually someone thanks you for your business as you leave and they make sure your meal was up to your satisfaction. Also, with every meal you get a free chocolate covered strawberry and their soda bar is great! Lots of flavors to create your own custom blend drink and I'm a sucker for a vanilla, diet coke!  The only think I've learned is to request easy dressing on my salad or get it on the side. They can really add too much and kill your diet if you're not careful.
Love this place!  Lots of interesting soup, salad and sandwich choices.  Everything delicious and inexpensive.
Don't be turned away by the 4 stars this place is really good, and the service was outstanding polite, these people need to go work for Disney World they were so nice and friendly!! So I'm in town for a few days and wanted to get some soup, and was recommended by a native to try CAFE ZUPAS and she didn't steer me wrong.  They had about 10 different soups to choose from, and not just your typical boring soups either. in addition to the soup you have CYO salad, you cant go wrong with the 1/2 and 1/2 soup, salad combo. We had the wild mushroom (OMG YUMMY), Chicken Chipotle (not for me but sis loved it) and the lobster bisque (this is why I'm giving it 4 stars) was too fishy. Now I'm from the east coast and have had my fair share of true lobster bisque from "The Cape" (cape cod for those of you who haven't been) so i feel i have enough to stand on to say it wasn't good. Other then that its a great place, food, service and clean!!
Had a delicious lunch hear with my friends! Portions are pretty generous and you are allowed samples of soup before you commit to one! Loved the Pesto Chicken Panini, Nuts about Berries salad, and Lobster Bisque. Cool bonus is the bread and chocolate dipped strawberry that comes with the soups and salads. The bread is a small slice, maybe about 5 inches long, and the strawberry sizes vary. 

Staff is friendly and patient. Decor is very modern. Pretty clean restaurant. Overall, great experience and I will be back for sure!
Definitely a fan of this place. After my first experience, it was nothing like what I expected and reminds me of a personalized Panera.  I enjoyed a small summer chicken salad which was a nice size portion for a small.  The sandwiches and soups look delicious and I look forward to testing them out on one of my next visits back here.  The food is not expensive and the employees are friendly!

I thoroughly enjoyed the complimentary chocolate covered strawberry!
I reallyyyyy like this place! We had a catering order for a colleague's birthday last week, and it was fabulous! Everything came in boxed lunches with labels of each person's name, which everyone thought was great (considering every other food delivery comes in bags or a mess of plates). They have a wide variety of soups, sandwiches and salads - but, what I really loved was how different the selection was from your typical deli/cafe. Example: Thai Peanut Sandwich.. where are you going to find that?!

The customer service was awesome. They were thorough and very fast with their delivery, and even called the next day to check and see how the food was. Everyone liked their food and we all decided we would definitely use them again for our next work lunch. Even if it's not for catering or delivery, you should try this place.
They come off as trying to be healthy.. In reality they are not. All of the soups are cream based, and both soups i had were way too salty. Salads were average ar best. I honestly like paradise bakery and panera better. For a healthy restaurant there is bread everywhere and the bread served with the soup was at best average. We will not be back
After practically running out of Twin Peaks (in the same plaza), we tried this place instead. We loved it. 

If you had to compare it to something, the closest I'd say is Paradise Bakery. Differences: large and creative dessert selection, better soup selections too. The desserts aren't bakery style, most of the offerings were brulee, mousse, and fruit tarts. It has more lighting and modern feel to it as well. 

The sandwich offerings are pretty similar. The only reason I gave it four stars is the turkey cranberry sandwich I had was great, but the cucumber on it made a bit of an odd combination. Also the chocolate hazelnut brulee was more like a mousse, but still delicious (and very rich).

It was pretty slow most of while we were there, the staff were very friendly and everything was clean. We're looking forward to eating here again.
For some reason the ordering process in this place always pisses me off. How many times do I have to repeat myself. The whole point of an assembly line is to increase speed and efficiency.

The food is good. The chowders are salty most of the time, but sometimes they have a new soup that tastes amazing. Ask for samples. I've tried the pesto chicken sandwich and loved it. You get a chocolate covered strawberry for dessert. A consolation prize for having to deal with the people who work in that traumatizing assembly line.
I placed an order today for several "try 2" combos with sandwich and either salad or soup to go. All of the sandwiches and soups/salad were excellent. Good portions at a very reasonable price. Tiffany was very helpful and even gave me a drink while I waited for my order. I will definitely be back very soon.
WOW.

This place is exactly what I've been looking for. It's so simple, SALADS SOUPS & SANDWICHES. But what makes this place special is the options.

I don't eat meat (land animals) so I was excited to see a crab meat sandwich and multiple types of lobster soup and other non meat options. 

This place earns it's stars from me because it's in a convenient location and it offers no meat non fried options and a reasonable price! This combination is extremely hard to find. 7.99 and I've got a complete meal, that's amazing value to me. The other thing I appreciate about this place is it's well thought out, they even have a charging station with USB inputs so you can charge your phone WHY DONT ALL PLACES HAVE THIS!?!?
I gave them several chances, really wanting to have better experience. But every time I leave unsatisfied. Food is either bland, or so salty that it's inedible. They don't have that many meatless options, which is kinda lame. I do like the price however, last time 2 of us had lunch for $13 which is awesome, but next time I will probably just stroll the Camelback to Paradise bakery or some other soulless chain with slihtly tastier food
Great Food and Prices.  Staff very nice.  And you get a free strawberry with your order.
Was excited to hear about this place as we love soup. I ordered the bean soup and if there were 6 beans in it, that was a lot. Returned it to the counter. Ordered something else and paid extra for pasta. They charged 50 cents for about a tablespoon of orzo. What a ripoff! Loud "music" and ugly decor and plastic spoons that are thin and small. The employees were chirpy but brain dead and were more interested in talking to each other than in providing info about the soups or helping us figure out how to order. Which won't be a problem for us as we would NEVER go back. The strawberry was small and  withered and since it was free it was worth the cost but not more.
Love this place, I go at least twice a week. This place is so much better than the other ones in town. They have the most amazing tomato soup I have ever had, it is very different but so yummy. Their customer service is outstanding, I'm always in and out in a timely manner. Oh and the best part? You get a free chocolate covered strawberry with every meal!
I just got 4 wisdom teeth pulled and came here for soup, I was so happy with my meal I got 2 soups (one to take home lol) thank you!
Honestly, I enjoyed this place more than I expected to. Tasted less like fast food and more like food. I'd put it on par with Chipotle for taste vs fast foodishness. Is that a word? The comparisons to Paradise Bakery are spot on, but each one has their niche. I liked that there were essentially make your own salads available, and everything in the salad area looked fresh and yummy. The half soup + sandwich combo was great, but too much food for me. I would LOVE if they did half a soup and half a sandwich. Oh, and the meals come with a chocolate covered strawberry on the side.
I had what was essentially a grown up grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup, and it was really good. The tomato soup came with orzo, but it was a tiny scoop of it and the orzo didn't add much so I'm kind of glad I didn't pay extra for it as an add-on.
Thai Peanut Chicken sandwich was really good. Give it a try..........................................
Nice fresh fast food concept. Salads, soup, sandwich....you choose or 2.They even give you a chocolates dipped strawberry. Who doesn't like that. Nice new facility with a iPod bar.
Generic soup, salad, sandwich place with lots of options. I picked a soup and half sandwich combo, with the turkey avocado Panini and chicken tortilla soup. The sandwich looked so unappealing and didn't taste much better than that. The soup was decent. I liked the chocolate covered strawberry...wasn't expecting that. I think this is a good addition to the plaza, but I would rather go to the Biltmore for Paradise Bakery.
I used to eat at Cafe Zupas a lot when I lived in Utah, so I was excited to find this one in Arizona. The grilled cheese is always a good choice! The soup is pretty tasty as well. They offer to let you try the soup and always have a nice atmosphere
This place is amazing. I love the food and everyone there is very friendly and polite. Always a great experience.
Do you ever just have that craving for a delicious sandwich and a bowl of soup without all the fuss and goings-on..........this is the place.
I've even used this for company events, catering in for my work group - everyone loves it.
Chain or not - this place is just simple goodness.........friendly staff, modern surroundings, an amazing beverage bar..........you gotta try it.
Tried their California sandwich - it was so-so as their bread seemed thick and rather dry/bland. 

My mom had their tortilla soup and reported how scrumptious it was. 

Best part of the meal? Chocolate-covered strawberry. Such a decadent treat!

Location is great also; I would imagine a lot of workers in Camelback Corridor/Biltmore dine her for their work lunch.
Soups and sandwiches are a simple, satisfying combo. When I spotted this place in the Camelback Colonnade, I had no idea what type of restaurant it was. Since I was starving and wanted something healthier than the pizza my boyfriend kept suggesting (NYPD is always tempting).  I figured anything with the word "Cafe" in the title might have something nutritious? 

Upon walking in this brightly lit restaurant, I could tell it was a chain..but I don't mean that in a bad way. Like the other reviewers, it reminded me of Paradise Bakery. They have a standard list of sandwiches and many soups to choose from and everything comes with a chocolate dipped strawberry. 

The staff is super friendly and helpful, no complaints there. 

I ordered the Vegetarian Sandwich and attempted to order the Cauliflower soup. Sadly, they were just about out of the soup I wanted, so I opted for mushroom instead. What I liked is the numerous amount of soups that are vegetarian friendly. (Comparatively speaking, Paradise's super delicious tomato soup isn't? Imagine my disappointment finding out that.) Anywho!  Boyfriend ordered the Asian BBQ pork and tomato basil soup. Both of our meals came out quickly and were super delicious. The vegetarian sandwich is a pretty easy peasy sandwich, tough to screw up unless you're using gross veggies. 
Side note? The soda fountain is pretty cool. While I rarely drink soda, I definitely enjoy a coke here & there. They have the option of adding Italian syrups to your soda! Instant "Italian soda", if you want to call it that..they did. I don't know if I really agree. 

 The only "meh" part of the meal was the chocolate dipped strawberry. I didn't find it all that impressive-the chocolate had a weird flavor. It was free there, so I can't knock them too much.
I've been remiss in writing this review, as I went here almost 8 months ago. The food was good and the prices were even better. I don't remember exactly what I had, but that's ok because my food was good, as was my wife's and my mom's. So, I feel confident in going back at any time and getting a good meal.
Great casual lunch place with lots of room and parking considering it is located in the busy Biltmore area. The pick-two combos are very reasonably priced and they serve a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. Their chicken enchilada chili is very tasty.
The food here is always great and the staff are always friendly.  I just wish they were open on Sunday!  Everything I have tried here is great.
Really impressed with this place. The food is really really good. I loved their chicken tortilla soup and their tai mango salad. So so so good. The staff is really friendly and I love that you get chocolate covered strawberries with your order! It's def. my go to place for a good soup and salad.
The Wild Mushroom Bisque is stunning in its savory lusciousness. This is one of the best soup and sandwich shops in a very competitive market.
This was our second time here and we are sold. We have completely changed our loyalty from Paradise Bakery to Cafe Zupas. First of all, their employees are so nice. They helped us to our table, got high chairs for us and were all around super friendly. Second, the food is very good! Get the tomato soup even if it's 115 outside. It's delicious. And don't forgot to get a chocolate covered strawberry!
Interesting place! The cell phone charging station is cool. The food was good and the staff was really nice and funny. I'm a sucker for smiles and cheeriness! Will definitely come back to try other menu items!!
Zupas has a great selection of semi healthy to healthy items. My son adores the clam chowder and i am a fan of the mushroom bisque. I love that we get a hunk of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry with our order. The reason i give only 3 stars is that twice when i have ordered my mushroom bisque i got lobster bisque instead and i have seafood issues. In both cases i took the soup back to the counter and i kinda felt like they were looking at me as if i ordered wrong. The other annoying thing is there not being open on Sundays which makes me think they are owned and operated by the same religious group that operates chik filet.
Soup For You

Recently, my friends and I went to  Zupas for lunch. Zupas resembles a cafeteria-style, with fresh salads, soups, and sandwiches. We were greeted at the door as a  employee passed out menus to view while waiting in line. I choose to create my own salad  (half salad) and it was delicious. Iceberg lettuce, chicken, apples, cranberries, asiago cheese, topped with cinnamon pecans and pomegranate dressing.  Oh did I mention Zupas gives bread and a chocolate covered strawberries with every order.


Zupas offers value deals. The choose two deal (sandwich,soup, or salad) is fairly priced but the sandwiches are pretty average tasting, nothing all that special.  Maybe that is because they are trumped by their delicious soup (chicken enchilada chili).


The service is friendly and quick with no lunch line hold up. Plenty of seating with  employees who happily picked up our empty plates.  An excellent option for a quick, or leisurely, lunch that won't put a dent in your wallet.
I rarely give 5 stars. .so this is a treat.  Let me tell you the crab melt along with the Caribbean salad was so delicious I felt guilty eating it.
If you're like me, don't believe it till you try it...you won't regret it.
Service is always excellent.
Five stars for the fresh, consistently delicious food, swift cheerful service and cheery decor with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Minus two stars for the always excessively loud music requiring the staff and I to shout at each other to be heard. So loud I can't sit in the restaurant and chat with my husband during a meal. Why drive me away? Make it pleasant to stay and I'll go back to the counter for dessert.
If you're ever in the mood for sandwiches, salads and soup you must come try Zupas! I went here for lunch after my bestie suggested this place and I loved the food. I ordered the Thai Mango Chicken salad with a side of the Lobster Bisque and my boyfriend got the Club sandwich. The salad and soup was delicious! Everything tasted fresh and flavorful and I love that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal
Better version of Paradise Bakery.  Fast service, and not too bad for calories
This place just opened up near Arrowhead Mall, looks like a chain so I assume there are other locations. This is a review for the Arrohead store. 

Place looked interesting as I drove by, so I went for lunch yesterday. Got the half Cuban and lobster bisque, and a clam chowder for my wife. Cuban was OK, not really authentic, bisque didn't have much lobster, but I didn't expect it to. everything tasted good, fresh, nothing really wrong with it, but not great or memorable. cost about $15. 

Today I went back for a half a chop salad and the bean soup. the chop salad was average, the blue cheese dressing had virtually no cheese in it. the white bean soup, I can't find any white beans, if they are in there they have been cooked down to mush. didn't taste bad, but not great. also got a cheese cake for my wife for later in the evening. again the bill was around $15, the food is mediocre, not great or memorable and $15 is a lot for lunch. 

I doubt I will become a regular of this place, it's average.
I really wanted it to be good. I love the concept behind what they do. I love the menu. But the sandwich I got tasted like the worst deli meat ever. I got the turkey club which had only 3 slices of this crap meat.  Chicken looked likethe same chicken as subway. Nasty. Stick to the soups and salads.
Healthy convenient and AFFORDABLE! The best quick healthy lunch I'm the area!!! I'm hooked. Staff is so friendly make eye contact and always smiling! Thank you cafe zupa for helping is stay healthy and happy.
Awesome fresh soup, salad, and sandwich place. 

Everything is fresh and flavorful. My favorite is the Mushroom Bisque. 

And every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry!
We've twice now, been customers. The first time, I was disappointed to learn that the only bread they have on the menu (for sandwiches) is chubatta. The sandwich has very little meat, mostly bread. The second time we ordered, my salad had old lettuce (brown and slimy on edges) which had the "rust" on it from oxidation. The dressings are too sweet. The "nuts" were old. Granted they were hard and roasted but they were still old. I think this place is very much overrated. I haven't tried the soups but why bother now? If the lobster is nearly non existent in the lobster bisque, it's just indicative of the quality and quantity of the product and not worth the $5 for the sandwich and nearly as much for the salad.
Well it was my first time here.... An employee opened the door for us which seemed like it annoyed her that I was looking at the menu that was outside, we walk in still looking at the menu and was asked for us to order I felt really rushed, and confused on how to order. I ordered the turkey bacon avocado sandwich which I tried really hard to at least semi enjoy it but it was gross. I also ordered the summer chicken salad which was actually good. My son ordered the grilled cheese and he took one bite and refused to eat the rest stating it tasted funny... Which my kid can be a picky eater but a grilled cheese? I didn't particularly  care for the environment it was kind of cluttered together in my opinion. I liked the salad but not enough to go back...  Arrowhead location
Awesome, mouth watering food! Disgusting bathrooms!!! 

Ordered the mushroom bisque soup and California club. I can't rave about how delicious this food was because there isn't enough words in the dictionary. Devine! Even my boyfriends choice was amazing too... I stole a bite or two :) 

This was our first time there because we live in Chandler but we were on that side of town around lunch time. After we ate I went to the restroom and was kinda blown away because the food was so swell and the restaurant was pretty, bathroom nasty! 

My advice to management or owner is keep it clean! I saw an employee windexing a window with plenty of free time to go clean the bathroom. 

All in all the food is amazing! I would of rather peed outside however
Extremely loud at lunch time.  Between the acoustics and loud adult contemporary on the Muzak system you don't want to stay long.  The Cuban sandwich is the best in the valley and the Wisconsin cheese soup is delicious.  Staff is friendly and if you have a sweet tooth lots of great choices.
I really like Cafe Zupas. Great soups, among other things. Their Veggie sandwich is very good.
Come hungry. Best sandwiches
This is some serious eats!

Tucson needs to get one!

This is better than Paradise, Panera, and even better than Beyond Bread. This is a beyond bread experience.

First, the menu is neatly organized. Sandwiches, first column paninis. Next panel, salads. First column more sweet, second column more savory. Third panel, soups.

The sandwiches are incredible. I had the Crab Melt. The salads are delightful. I had the Super Foods with blackberries, pomegranate, walnuts, spinach, other stuff topped with blueberry pomegranate vinaigrette. One of the best salads I've ever had.

The second day, (YES, I went back the next day because the previous day I sampled their...) soup! Homemade from scratch. You see, they have a combo special for only $8.xx where you can get a full sandwich and a half salad or soup. Or you can get a half salad and half soup. Or you can get a sandwich and a half soup. I had the sandwich/salad combo the first day. The soup samples sent me to heaven. I returned the next day.

Tucson needs one of these.

Next day I had the Thai Mango Salad and the Roasted Red Pepper Lobster soup. My wife had the Shanghai Chicken salad and the Wild Mushroom Bisque. So, so, so good. We also shared a berry creme brulee and a Rocky Road brownie.

They actually had fountain ginger ale. I've never seen that anywhere. That alone gets a star. And then you could squirt some Italian soda syrup in. At the soda station for free. I put in a dash of raspberry. Yum.

Tip: only get a half size for the salad and soup. I really do not see how anyone could eat a full size as the half size are SO generous!

5 stars. No less.
so happen walked in this grand opening korean restaurant today for lunch, good price on combo - BBQ beef (good) + Tofu soup (lit bit lack of flavor but tofu is soft mixed w good spice)+ Red bean shaved ice as dessert =$16 - good for 2 person with side dishes and rice. Great service! owner is super friendly and gave us seafood pankcake (good) and one extra red bean ice for business appreciation. finally there is a korean restaurant in the area, give it a try!
DELICIOUS AUTHENTIC KOREAN FOOD!!! This restaurant has amazing quality food and service!!! Price is perfect as well.
They have a kind and caring staff. I haven't tasted Korean food like this in a long time. Food tastes like million bucks! And shaved Ice... Omg I won't even talk about that.  It just melts in your mouth and it's so filling for the right price. And they GIVE YOU ALOT!!!!! Just come and see for your self I don't think you will be disappointed. It's going to be my new regular place to eat
Love this place, just had their combo of tonkatsu, tofu soup, and red bean dessert. The lady (ahjuma) took care of me really well making sure I had lots of ban-chan (side dishes) and was polite and caring without being overbearing. The food was probably some of the best non-bbq korean food i've here in Vegas, The ban-chan was top notch, and the complimentary seafood pancake was pretty awesome. The breading on the tonkatsu was a little dry but the meat was awesome. So was the soup. The red bean dessert was OK, a little bit too fruity but that's ok because it's healthy, right?  Big portions and reasonable prices if you get the combo. Plus, I got to watch some kpop music videos that were playing on the TV (always a plus to watch the sexy girl group, T-ara, while eating good food.) Great Find!!
Authentic, Home Cookin' Korean!

As you can see from my photo, I'm a white dude, but growing up around lots of Korean friends and culture, I definitely know my way around a few H.O.T. albums and jars of kimchi in the garage.  The food at Mashisoyo is homey and authentic in the best way.


The owners greeted me with sincere smiles as I walked in for dinner on a Thursday evening with a friend.  We sat down in front of a TV playing some K-pop stuff, which is still entertaining, even if your Korean isn't so good.  

We ordered the Seafood Soon Dobu (tofu soup), and the Haemul Paejun (scallion and seafood pancake).  The Pancake was HUGE, and full of lots of tasty shrimp, calamari, and octopus.  I like my Paejan crispy, and because of the size of this one, some parts could have been cooked a little longer, but it was still very tasty.  The soon dobu was delicious, and had more seafood than Finding Nemo. Lots of mussels, clams, shrimp, and calamari made this eat more like a stew than a soup.  It was hearty and spicy and wonderful. 

Mashisoyo is hidden in a small shopping center across the street from Walmart and next to a Tropical Smoothie place on Ft. Apache. 

  Make sure you come check out this repeat-visit-worthy, mom and pop tofu stop!!
Great little hidden restaurant, next to Tropical Smoothie, just opened last week. SO YUMMY! and the pricing is GREAT, if you look at the menu you might think it's expensive but you get so much food, dessert, and all the traditional Korean sides. Their tofu bowls are delish and healthy and the staff is amazing, great service, great food, great prices, what more can you ask for?!
This place is in a good location for me because I live on this side of town.  I am Korean and lived in Korea for many years.  The staff was really nice and welcoming.  They made you feel right at home.  

I ordered the combo with the tofu soup and bulgogi.  The side dishes were average but that's to be expected.  I ordered the kimchi and pork soup and it was WAY SALTY!  I was drinking water throughout the day trying to shake the saltiness away. 

The bulgogi was average. Nothing special about it. They also gave us the shaved ice for dessert. The ice had a funny taste to it.  When you make shaved ice it's all about the ice that makes it.  It was hard and crunchy when the ice should be flakey and soft. 

The would be a good restaurant if the soup wasn't as salty and the ice didn't have funny taste.  It's more if they paid attention to detail.
Love this place!! I had combo comes with bulgogi and tofu soup.  They served A LOT I tried to but couldn't finish them all. Every single dish here was so fabulous. Also, got great service. I don't need to go down to spring mountain for Korean food anymore! LOL
I've been to this place a couple of times since it has opened and it is my new favorite korean food place. The tofu is really delicious and the flavoring for the meat is DELICIOUS!!!! And i loveeee how they changed the red bean sherbert for the coffee cause i love me some coffee! I come here often and i don't plan on going anywhere else. Its nearby, the amount of food the give you for the price is amazing, and best of all the staff is soo nice. I feel like family everytime i go in there, they always greet me and remember what side dishes i like. I recommend this place to anyone who love healthy korean food.
I've been in a Yelp review hiatus for a minute but sometimes Stella needs just a little MASHISOYO to get her groove back!

Now I typically don't rave about service....Don' get me wrong.  Service is important and part of the "experience" but food trumps all.  At Mashisoyo they deliver in food deliciousness and service.........at an ASIAN restaurant.  Mashisoyoooooooooo!  Good chant.

From the minute we walked in, it was as if we were visiting our Korean aunt who showered us with food and love.  

We ordered the #10 Combo which came with BBQ beef bulgogi and selected the Combo Tofu Sundubu which was amazing.  A little advice -  I believe they may dummy down and tailor the spice since they're not in Spring Mtn so if you like it a little hotter, be sure to ask.  We got a 5 and it was probably a 1-2 on the thai scale so next time we'll ask for a 7 or 8.  Also the portions as outlined in other reviews are ridiculous.....it can easily feed 2.  

The tofu was extra smooth and silky.  Ban-chan was plentiful and their seafood pancakes has the perfect crispness which must be dipped in their crack-like sauce.  You can pour the sauce on a shoe and I'd like it up.   Think i'm kidding....well i'm not.

To round out the meal, we had 2 milk teas and for the price, i felt like i was robbing these sweet korean people. 

Anyhow, there's a very short handful of places I would frequent over and over again bc I like to try as many eateries as I can but since this place is so close, I will be Mashisoyo'ing it up very soon.
I've been to this place a couple of times since it has opened and it is my new favorite korean food place. The tofu is really delicious and the flavoring for the meat is DELICIOUS!!!! And i loveeee how they changed the red bean sherbert for the coffee cause i love me some coffee! I come here often and i don't plan on going anywhere else. Its nearby, the amount of food the give you for the price is amazing, and best of all the staff is soo nice. I feel like family everytime i go in there, they always greet me and remember what side dishes i like. I recommend this place to anyone who love healthy korean food.
GREAT customer service & good food! 
I tried out the pork kimchee tofu stew and the seafood & green onion pancake.
First time really experiencing Korean food and it was delicious.
I recommend you try out this place!
I found this place listed on yelp nearby as a new place, and I love trying new places.  So I walked in and I was greeted SOOO nicely, I was told I could sit anywhere (it's a small place, approx 8 tables) Their menu is on their placemat and their logo/address/info is also on their chopsticks and napkins (I actually liked that) A young guy came out asking if I've ever had korean food before and I told him I definitely have. 

I ordered their combination seafood pot that comes with shrimp,clams and oyster.  A few minutes later I get a variety of side dishes and he tells me I can have refills on anything, just let him know.  Now I don't always know what each side dish is by name but I have had a few of the ones they offered before at other places.  It was SOOOOO good, and he was reallly nice too.  While I was tasting my side dishes, an older gentlemen was setting a table and asked if I liked the kimchi. I told him it was really good and I liked that it wasn't overly spicy. (My personal taste is I like spicy as long as it it balanced with flavor, not just simply spicy to burn the hell out of someone's mouth) He told me he and his wife makes that kimchi at home and they ferment it for many months (I forgot how long he told me)  He offered me more and well how could I turn him down I mean he and his wife worked for a long time on their home made kimchi.  :-)

Then all of a sudden to my surprise I get an appetizer of their green onion and seafood pancake (which I was not expecting). It was the size of a mini pizza approx 3-4 inches in diameter. It was delicious.  

Then my combination seafood tofu pot came and it looked exactly how it should have.  They cracked an egg into it for me and every bite I took it was SOO delicious and my server was really nice, always asking me how I enjoyed it and if I wanted more side dishes or anything at all.  

My ONLY comment is this... The pot I ordered said on the menu shrimp,clams and oyster.  NONE of this was in my pot.  Instead I had mussels and calamari.  Now don't get me wrong.. I enjoyed every single bite, but I had picked that pot for a reason and I'm not a big fan of mussells.   Otherwise I'd have gotten the tofu and dumpling pot.  

I don't know if everyone who worked there is all family related or not, but I truly felt like I was having dinner at someone's home.  

My bill was $9 yes $9 for all that food and I tipped him $5 (plus he was reallllly cute lol)  

This place is just up the street from me and I would ABSOLUTELY go back again 

If they read this review... Thank you for a fantastic simple meal , great family friendly service and some great home made kimchi.. See you again soon...

Ryan
My boyfriend and I have been here 3 times in the past 3 weeks.  I visited S. Korea last summer, and the food here is exactly how it was there...from the way it is served to the taste!  My boyfriend loves the spicy pork and I really like the bulgogi.  The tofu soups are delicious as well.  The only thing that makes me a little sad is that they no longer serve the patbingsu due to lack of popularity.  How do people NOT love red bean?!?  It's delicious!  The first time we came, the lady who helped us was nice enough to make me some though.  For dessert, they now serve iced coffee or fresh fruit.  Additionally, the people who work here are incredibly nice and they remember us every time we come in.  Prices are great!  We will definitely be returning many, many more times to get our Korean food fill!
Mashisoyo gets five stars from me. In addition to the eats being delicious--"mashisoyo" means delicious, after all--the owners are just insanely nice. It was only my second time there and the lady instantly recognized me and greeted me with a warm and genuinely welcoming smile.

I'm slowly making my way through their sundubu offerings. I started with the combination a few weeks ago. I won't say it's better than Mr Tofu, but any differences are negligible, especially with it being a shorter drive from my house. Tonight, I tried the curry flavor. What a brilliant idea. All the goodness of the soft tofu, but with a nice curry broth instead.

Here's a tip. If one of you wants sundubu and the other wants a BBQ item, order one of the combinations. You get the BBQ item, an ever-so-slightly smaller bowl of sundubu, and some sort of dessert (tonight it was some fruit and a French coffee). The extra bowl of rice will cost you a dollar, but this combo worked out perfectly for Jieun L and me.

OK. I think I have six more visits to complete my quest. Next up, I'll try the oyster sundubu.
We just moved to Vegas and thought we have to try dozens of Korean places before finding the best Soon Dubu.  I have to say, this was our first stop thanks to Yelp and our last.  OMG...the most awesome Soon Dubu on earth!  They do "mainly" one thing and that is "hot pot stews" but they do it excellent! There are other things on the small menu but the soft tofu soups are the main attraction!  I like my KimChee a little more spicey, but hands down the best soup around.  The prices are awesome.  My husband and I both got our fill with Soon Dubu and side dishes (which they keep filling) and it was less than 25 bucks!  Back in Boston, this meal would have been over 40! In fact our ticket WITH TAX was 22.78.  I hear they are building a bigger cafe where they can seat more than 8 tables!! Can't wait, I'll be at the Grand Opening!!
Oh bring the days of KIM CHEE #2, our favorite spot back home in Hawaii.  We loved going here.  Since our move to the mainland, we've been on the lookout for some place we could enjoy just as much.  Mashisoyo seems to be a good contender.  

It's a small corner location, with limited seating.  The staff is very friendly and very accommodating.  The menu looks really good, with all sorts of combinations to try, with or without tofu.  

Tonight I had the #10 combo, spicy tofu soup with BBQ beef, it comes with fresh fruit and iced coffee for $14.95.  I'm thinking that it might leave me hungry, but once the side dishes started coming out, there were about eight in all, it looked like I might get enough to eat after all.

My spicy tofu soup was served piping hot!  They ask about the egg, so you can add it if you want, and I went for it.  The soup was bubbling and it took only a few seconds for the egg to cook through, and added a nice flavor to the pot. 

My BBQ beef was of decent proportion and very tender.  My husband got the spicy pork and we shared, both were very good.

Overall, a good experience, tasty food, and very friendly staff.  I heard they were going to be expanding soon, and will definitely keep this place on my list.
We checked this place out after seeing all the great reviews and it's SO good AND VERY affordable! We shared one soondoobu tofu soup and spicy chicken AND they threw in a complimentary seafood pancake that was NICE n' CRISPY. It was the perfect amount of food for the both of us and delicious!
This is now my go-to restaurant for sundubu!  Being that this place is right next to my house, my family and I definitely had to check it out. We ordered a beef sundubu combo with bulgogi, seafood pancake, and one extra seafood sundubu for my party of 3. What I didn't expect is the wide variety and amount of banchan.. I think we got 8 in total!!! This is waaaayyy more than what I got at Mr. Tofu. One of the banchan was chapchae so basically that's like another free entree since we get unlimited refills!! =) Happy Happy. The sundubu though I feel not as flavorful as Mr. Tofu was still good and filled with the right amounts of beef and tofu and one egg. What I was really impressed with was their bulgogi. Every piece of meat was just bursting with flavor and though I'm not an expert, I thought it was done perfectly. Dessert was a milk tea drink which was also very flavorful with a hint of caramel? Wasn't quite sure but it was definitely a good way to end the meal. 

*DO get one of the combos because it comes with a generous portion of some kind of meat and also a dessert!!!
By far the best service I have had in a long time at a Korean BBQ.  I would say you get a lot of food for the price since korean food always seems to be overpriced.  The side dishes were great, but i would have to say the tofu soup was on the bland side.  Beef and chicken were decent, but nothing to rave about.  I must praise again on the service.  Drinks were constantly refilled and side dish refills were offered (I always have to ask at other places, but in this case the waitress actually ask 3-4 times if we wanted more of the side dishes).  Not the best in town, but not bad based on location and service.  If you are in the neighborhood go stop by.
Tried to love it but I just can't!

This place has a lot of positives:  good location (for those not interested in schlepping down to Chinatown), nice waitstaff, and lotsa tasty banchan.   Honestly, best banchan in town (in my opinion).  You even get a free seafood pancake!

But, a tofu restaurant that serves bland (sorry) tofu soup.....it's a deal breaker.  I need flavor in my sundubu.  They just don't have it.
Mashisoyo is definitely a go to place for their tofu. Me not being a tofu lover except when I'm pregnant definitely enjoyed this place. I had just ordered the beef tofu with no spicyness at all (so really the broth was clear). It was nice that they were able to make this adjustment as spicy and pregnancy don't mix well together for me anyways. We ordered to go and it took about 10 minutes for them to put together our order. My husband order the pork katsu which came with all the side dishes. We also got to try the seafood pancake that everyone has been raving about! Pretty delicious, but I could do with less green onions myself. All portion sizes were decent enough to leave 2 of us full with leftovers! Overall, the place is small, but the service is super duper friendly and the food is delish! I will be back!
This small Korean restaurant is pretty packed for a weeknight dinner... Why? Coz the food is inexpensive! 

They do not have much selections on their menu but pretty much covers the basic Korean dishes, stews, BBQ and ramen. According to my boyfriend, their seafood ramen is pretty solid.. But how could you go wrong with that. I had vegetable tofu stew, it was good but there was something missing maybe because it's all veggies. Next time I'll try the seafood stew and the flavor that I'm looking for might be there. 

They are pretty generous when it comes to side dishes. I was hungry and gulped down a potato side dish and the waitress was very nice to refill it right away.

I hope they would expand their restaurant since they only had 5 tables inside and a couple outside. There were people waiting by the door for 15 to 20 minutes. Good thing when we came in there was a table available.
pros
1. nice and kind staffs
2. good side dish

cons
1. soondooboo (=soft tofu) soup tastes horrible. it tastes simply like ramen soup powder like korean shin ramyon. 
2. it contains lots of msg. if you are an msg freak like me, stay away. 

ive personally so much trusted overall yelp ratings. This is my first time i fail in one with 4.5 stars by 20+ yelpers. also this is the first one on the west coast i tried based on yelp ratings. more people are gaming the system in this area? curious.
I felt like sharing my yelp message conversation with a person who claims to be the owner of this restaurant, who showed something quite offensive, at best unprofessional.

The bottom line was: Don't eat out if you worry so much about MSG. Isn't it soooo ridiculous? He claims they don't use MSG but I see he's defending its usage. What does this imply?

Frankly, before the conversation, I felt a bit sorry about having given only 1 star rather than 2 and planned to edit because I still thought the staffs were so nice. But the conversation confirmed even 1 star is already too high.

Also I want to clarify. Deducting 4 stars was based on the taste only. MSG comment was only for those who are more sensitive.

In addition, my brief note on MSG. 

MSG hasn't been proven harm by FDA as he mentioned. However, some people like myself sense it by having headache, drowsiness and severe thirst soon after eating it, which are unpleasant. Also ramen soups contain MSG. Simply go to Amazon dot com, search Shin Ramyun and read the ingredient. Or simply follow the link. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00778B90S/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&keywords=shin%20ramyun&qid=1342449390&sr=8-1

He claims he studied and researched a long time. Probably, he needs to spend more. Anyway, visiting this restaurant already gave me a lot of headaches and I am now blocking him.

----------------------
 Shawn A.  Yesterday 

Hi

JK

I am Shawn the owner of Mashisoyo. I am first sorry that you did not like our soondubu due to the taste of MSG.

But is is funny that you sense MSG in our tofu becuase we DO NOT use MSG at all.

We prepare natural broth every morning for the stew and natural ingredients.

Your review is nothing but negative if you can't prove that we use MSG.

If you visit us again, I will give you a tour of our kitchen
so you feel better next time you try our tofu.

Thanks
Shawn Ahn
Owner of Mashisoyo

----------------------
  J K. Yesterday 
I ordered a spicy soup and it smelt like shin ramyon soup. Seeing you didn't deny the usage of ramen soup, probably you are using it? Even if you didn't intentionally use MSG, using flavored salt (Mat-so-geum) or ramen soup means the served soup should contain MSG. I remember the server saying you use special sauce for spicy taste. I don't know what kind of sauce you are using, but I am pretty sure it contains MSG or equivalent artificial flavor. 

I didn't even mention your pork bulgogi that also tasted like MSG or beef dashida. Please check the sauces you are using before claiming your dishes are free of MSG.

----------------------
  Shawn A. 6 hours ago 
first, there is no way you can buy ramen soup only from markets and even if we used shinramen soup it does not contains MSG so your guess is wrong again.I We are tofu house and I studied and researched a long time to find what our  fofu soup takes to be loved by people and people love our soup and bbq these days. They wait in line to have our food. You don't want to say they are wrong about our food.

I advise you not to eat out if you worry so much about MSG because even a hamburger, taco burrito, fried chicken, pho, Thai, steaks, American BBQ,...many more use the ingredients have a bit of mono sodium but FDA says still it is NO harm to people.

Lastly I would like to say you in a nice way NOT to criticize easily. We put a hundres of hours , effort ,money, and love to our restaurant to make a living with our  love ones.
The comment like yours hurts us so much.

Thanks
----------------------
Their combo deals are awesome! One order plus the banchan can definitely feed two people. The free seafood pancake was nice, I really liked it. The numerous banchan that was handed out impressed me a lot. I don't usually care for banchan, I would only eat it because I'm hungry and I can't wait for my food to arrive but this place had so many and they were all good that by the time my food came I was already half full. I got spicy pork with dumpling sundubu combo. My dear lord I couldn't finish it all lol! Overall their food tasted pretty good. The lady was also very nice and kept asking us if we wanted more banchan or water. Will definitely come back since its close to my house :)
Great food and service. The seafood pancake is awesome!!! I love going to eat here!!!
The soondooboo here is not jaw-droppingly delicious but it will do! And it is WAY closer than having to drive all the way to Chinatown! Plus their soup is definitely better than Soyo's, I'll give them that much! 
In addition to spicy tofu soup they have a couple Korean barbecue dishes that are tasty. I do not recommend the katsu though, it's quite dry and bland! 

The service is always fast & friendly! 

Hot Tip: The "spicy" is pretty spicy, you've been warned! lol So maybe consider sticking with the "medium" level if you can't handle the heat~
Tofu stew!  Bulgogi!  Banchan!  Great Korean food in a little mom-and-pop type of eatery in a little shopping plaza.  Super clean interior and super friendly service makes for a delightful dinner in my book.  The quality and quantity of everything we ordered was wonderful; everything was flavourful and spicy hot (we requested a '7' on their spicy scale).  There was so much food we had enough leftovers for two meals.  We are definitely coming back to sample more stews and inhale more Korean bbq!
So far, I really like this place. Aside from the service that might need an improvement, everything was superb enough for me. It wasn't busy when we came in but shortly after, it got busy. There were only two of them so they were pretty much running around nonstop so I can understand the service part this time. Plus, I didn't have any complaints since it's rare to be left in peace sometimes :b. There's a bad and a good side to this.

ORDERED:
I got the beef tofu soup (still watching what I can eat post-oral surgery for my wisdom teeth) and the mini seafood pancake. The "mini" ($4.95) seafood pancake was the size of a plate. Imagine how ginormous a $14.95 regular sized seafood pancake would be. GEEZ. Maybe one day I'll grab a couple of friends to order that, haha :0).
-- UPDATE: the mini seafood pancakes come with your order but if there are 3 orders in your party, they combine the pancake to make it into a bigger piece

Also ordered the PORK KIMCHI tofu soup. It will definitely be spicy (can't get non-spicy) and if you like kimchi, it's for you. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it :b.

It came with about 5 side dishes (included in my picture - but they're nothing special and you probably won't care for refills on them) and a bowl of rice. They also gave me an egg that I could crack open and throw into my soup. That was new for me, but then I don't usually eat tofu soup or soup overall. Just been on a temporary soup diet due to surgery.

I'll definitely be back SOON and it's in my favorite side of town. Aside from their busy service moment, the guy that helped me check out and everything was extremely polite and nice. 5 stars all around for now! I'll be sure to update if there are any major changes.

Oh yeah, the inside is somewhat small but everything looks pretty nice :). This place should definitely make it on your to-try list especially since winter is just right around the corner! ^^V
A fairly new korean place near my side of town (west) located on Ft Apache, near Tropicana. Small place at the end of the plaza with decent amount of parking. 

Kind of looks like a take out place but its not. Small amount of tables (maybe 6-8?). 

Restaurant was not that busy when i had came here but the staff was really nice. I was waiting for a friend to come eat dinner with me later, but some friends happened to go a little earlier. They offered me a chair and gave me their special korean corn tea water too. 

Decent size menu with a variety of tofu soups at around $8.95/ea, combo selections at around $14.95/ea, and different sides (seafood + green onion pancake, etc). They also have bibimbap but i didnt see anyone get it. But im lookin forward to trying that in the future. I think it was like $8.95 as well. Oh! almost forgot... i think they have some ramens too 

This visit, i had tried the beef tofu soup + spicy bbq pork. I had ordered the tofu soup to be medium, but the funny thing was, when it came and i tried it... the spicy pork was more spicy. oh well ! The taste was good, maybe a little on the salty side. I was hoping medium spicy level would have been kind of spicy but it wasnt that spicy (to me... lol) maybe ill try a higher level next time. 

The staff was observant enough to see people sweating, or it being a little warmer, so they turned the a/c higher. Felt a little better after that but still hot (hot soup, spicy soup, and i kind of naturally sweat when eating anyway lol) 

Each order comes with a small seafood and green onion pancake that i believe they make themselves in the kitchen (varying sizes and shapes in comparison to other peoples). For one person, you get a small one, but depending on how many orders there are, they can make it bigger. The one in my picture shows the size for 2 orders. 

Along side of the main order, korean restaurants are popular for their many side dishes. this visit, they gave us 8 different side dishes. 

Overall, the place was pretty good. Clean. Friendly staff. Food decently priced and super close to home. Would love to try other variations of the tofu soup and other items too in the future
I really like this place. The staffs are very nice. They are also vegetarian friendly. For example the seafood pancake can be made vegetarian (Just Ask). Everything is freshly cook I feel like I am getting a home cooked meal.
Banchan is good. Kimchi is the type I like.

Soup is good. Service is good. Koreans actually come to eat here.

Also ordered a seafood and green onion pancake - we could have made it ourselves at home but it was still good nonetheless.

Food delivery was a bit slow though even being the only table in there. That needs improvement. 

Overall, I'd be back if I'm in the area. But this place isn't worth commuting from far away to experience.
First time here, and it seemed like the waitress was in a rush to get our order in. (I guess it was my fault since i was talking to my friend instead of looking over the menu. She came over twice and asked us if we were ready, so I ended up picking something I couldn't go wrong with, their Combination Tofu"

Both my friend and i ordered a Tofu from the menu, but we ended up only getting one set of sides? I'd have expected two, but oh well. It also said free seafood pancake on the menu, but our 'seafood' pancake definitely had no seafood in it. But hey, can't complain about free stuff, right? The pancake itself was actually pretty good. Nice and crispy on the edges, and the middle was nice and soft. =]

Onto the combination tofu. I'm not really an expert in tofu soup, since I haven't really tried a lot. I have, however, had a few bad ones. And to start off the tofu soup review, I will say Mashisoyo's tofu soup is FAR from being bad. The tofu inside the tofu soup were not overcooked at all. PERFECT soft tofu that slides right down your throat (be careful not to burn your tongue!)  The amount of seafood in the soup was meager at best. One mussel, one clam, I believe I had two small pieces of squid, and I don't recall any shrimp in my soup.  However, they had a few pieces of fatty pork in the soup, which REALLY enhanced the soup overall. I love fatty pork! And finally, there was a huge amount of beef pieces that were perfectly cooked as well. Nothing too chewy or rough. All in all, I really did enjoy my tofu soup.

I will definitely be back to try more flavors of their soup. Keep up the great cooking! =]
Thank you fellow Yelpers for pointing me to this gem!  I wanted something soothing on this cold day and my wife wanted Thai food.  Solution:  order take out from Panna Thai and stop here on the way to try their sundubu.

I stopped in and was greeted immediately by a very friendly lady at the counter.  She asked if it was eat in or take out and then she gave me time to look at their menu.  I had almost decided before I went to get the curry flavor sundubu.  I asked the woman if their was a spiciness level to order and she asked the chef.  She then asked, "Do you want it spicy."  "Yes" was my quick reply.  She called that back to the chef.

I sat for a few minutes while I waited for my takeout.  I could see them packing 5 small containers with banchan and then the chef came out with the larger container of curry sundubu.  He asked me if I liked it spicy wiht almost a 'good luck' kind of sound to his voice.

When I got home and had my first spoon of the soft tofu with the spicy, curry flavor, I was hooked.  Wow, is it good!  The banchans were very tasty and I was surprised when I opened the container of rice and found my seafood pancake on top.  Some very nice seafood including a good amount of octopus.

I am a fan and I will be back.  The locations of the two restaurants makes this a done deal for future take out meals.
Quick and inexpensive! Get Korean food on the far SW side.
With the winter weather that chills to the bone, sundubu jjigae is some major comfort food that'll warm you right up.

To start you off, there's the banchan, which comes standard with the usual kimchi, some pickled vegetables, a seafood pancake, and more. I like the variety they serve up along with how their pancake has a crispy exterior and filled with squid and veggies.

If your stomach isn't filled yet, you still have your boiling hot tofu stew in a stone pot with a bowl of rice to look forward to. I ordered the combination sundubu, which has some beef and seafood (e.g. mussel, shrimp, squid), and pork immersed with your tofu in a spicy soup. They cater to your comfort level of spiciness with a range from 1 to 10, but do yourself a favor and put some kick into it. My only issue is the varying temperatures of our sundubu, since the four of us had soups that were either barely bubbling to just boiling enough.

Definitely willing to give them another shot though! Their banchan and sundubu really hit the spot and will thaw you from the inside out. I look forward to trying their other sundubus and combos, especially their BBQ.
We tried is place after Christmas shopping on a cold winter afternoon and it definitely hit the spot! The tofu soup is really amazing! It has a soft and silky texture, the broth is tasty, and the raw egg that you crack open in the hot broth made it super decadent. The baby loved the bulgogi & wifey loved all the sides. The seafood pancake was a bit undercooked though and the cold corn tea they give instead of water was not very good. We asked for water and they gave us one cup and didn't ever refill it until asked a few times. Overall though, the tofu soup will have me coming back!
Located by Ft Apache and Tropicana, in the plaza with Tropical Smoothie (actually right next to it) and Perfect Scoop & Boba. 

It is a rather small resturant with maybe 8 tables that seat 4 people each. It hasn't been that busy each time I've came here so it's not too bad. The staff is very friendly and don't really constantly check up on you. I however, kind of need someone to check up frequently because I tend to drink a lot of water and rather fast too (maybe I'll ask them to leave the pitcher next time). 

Came here a few times to eat, the tofu soups are about $8.95 each and the combos I believe are around $15 (I haven't gotten any of them yet). The tofu soup along with the appetizers fill me up every time so I'm afraid to try something bigger unless I end up sharing with someone. They have some variety in their menu, but I come mainly for the tofu soup. 

I've tried the beef tofu soup, ham and sausage (would not recommend this one, because it's slices of ham and hot dogs), and dumpling ones so far. There's a lot of meat in each of them which is good, but I would rather have more soup since I don't eat a lot of meat. I fill up rather fast with the soups + rice and then the appetizers and generally have leftovers too. I tried the tofu soups each time as spicy and to me they're not spicy at all (though extremely hot). 

I definitely like coming here and then over to Perfect scoop for dessert if I have room (I usually don't, but I'll do take out for the ice cream).
The guy and I just sort of ended up here (as it's two doors down from the Perfect Scoop), and it was a happy accident for sure.

The shop is little, simple and clean. The lady who helped us out was very friendly.

She brought out a complimentary Seafood Pancake. It had the right amount of crisp and softness, and was loaded up with vegetables and seafood. 

I ordered the Combination Tofu Soup and he had the Spicy BBQ Pork Combo. Oh my gosh, Neither of us anticipated the amount of food! 

My soup came out bubbling hot (no joke) and was served in a cast iron bowl to keep it piping hot. It was loaded with scallops, muscles, clams, meat slices and buttery soft tofu chunks. I said yes to the egg, which was cracked right in front of me and left to cook in the hot, hot soup. I can't begin to describe the different flavors. Rich and savory. Spicy and balanced.

His BBQ Pork was melt-in-your-mouth soft and loaded with flavor. 

The sides seemed endless! We ate and ate until we couldn't possibly eat any more...and there was still food left over!! Needless to say, we left with full, happy tummies. Mashisoyo, you've found two new customers that can't wait to return!
This place is located right next to Two Scoops and Boba on trop and ft apache.  I was craving some korean barbq so I decided to give this place a try. 
I ordered the vegetable bimbimbap.  It was good.  I've had better.  But for the price, you can't beat it. My friend ordered the spicy ramen.  We did get a free order to seafood pancake.  I dont eat seafood, but my friend said it tasted good.  We got the normal side dishes that usually come at korean dinners.... kimchee, spicy potato, noodles.. these were my favorite.  
I would come back here again.. I do love the fact that it is close to where I live.  The service was good and she was friendly. Give this place a try!  Our bill was $20... that's an awesome price :)
I probably order take out once a week from Mashisoyo....yes, the tofu hater has become addicted to tofu.  I'm a creature of habit and I like the simpleness of the beef tofu; however, the quality has been downgraded. The seafood pancake that comes with this meal hasn't had seafood in it the last couple of times I've ordered...the first time I thought ok maybe I got the end of the batter and there was no seafood.  Anyways, this has happened probably the past 3-4 times now.  I know thy premake the batter as I had asked for no onions and they said they couldn't do that. I ended up with no pancake that time.

Now I know Korean food is supposed to be spicy, but I've always ordered the not spicy version since before I popped out this baby of mine. It was always tasty and flavorful but lately it's been blah. The beef is red in color instead of brown and they've been stingy on the beef as well although the beef is so tough it's like beef jerky. 

I have converted to being a tofu lover, but I hope Mashisoyo steps it up to where they used to be because I want my old dish back please!
great restaurant! having moved from koreatown and missing my mommas food I was so relieved to find this restaurant just a couple miles from home

great authentic menu love the seafood pancake, the soon tofu, and i cant wait to try to the rest
Good food and decent service, but way too expensive for galbi and meat! They also have menus, new and old, that say certain dishes include dessert, but at the end when we asked for them they said that it wasn't being offered anymore. Um, okay, can you let us know before we order and/or update the menus please? I hate surprises like that when eating out when it's been spelled out. That alone knocks off a star or two. 

This place would also be better to eat at alone or with two people for better value, because they give you the same amount of side dishes and seafood pancake no matter how many are at your table.
read some of the mixed reviews. over all the food was good. customer service was good. there was a good selection of side dishes other than the typical kimchee and bean sprouts. there were fried marinated baby shrimp, picked cucumber, pickled radish, and a few others i dont remember. i had the beef tofu and it was standard. lots of tofu and good amount of beef. it had just the right amount of spiciness for me.  im sensitive to msg and read a previous review about the questionable use of msg. i know most korean restaurants use msg unless the restaurant states on the menu or in the restaurant that it does not use msg. all i have to say is i have typical light symptoms of msg for me. thirst and lethargic. 

if you dont want people to question the use of msg and you dont use it, post a sign or somewhere on the menu that states you dont use msg. sometimes a lot of salt and oils from the food can give someone with a sensitive stomach the same symptoms.
BBQ beef is fresh and tasty. Perfect Korean food. The man and woman in the restaurant were extremely polite and nice. Their customer service was outstanding. The food cooked to order and worth every dime. Gave us a free seafood pancake, which was really tasty. Restaurant looks clean and they have their temporary license from HD , the curtains at the front counter make me a little nervous. Like your trying to hide that wonderful cooking.
Since it's grand openning i've had Mashisoyo book marked and been meaning to make it out to try the soon tofu as well as the famed free seafood pancake. Never found the time until recently and to be honest the experience was just...'meh'

Service was...a bit confused. Our table kept getting stuff that belonged to the table next to us which was closer to the front and the door. At one time someone came to bring us scissors when we only had soon tofu bowls and the free seafood pancake. before that one of our soon tofus and the uncracked eggs when to the other table. To top it off the other table were two women and 3 kids eating family style where as my table were two guys and soon tofus.

Aside from that the food was...decent at best. No where close to Mr. Tofu which currently holds the number one rank in soon tofu in a restaurant. 

I just thought the seafood pancake was more pancake then seafood and could have been a lot crispier. The soon tofu was VERY bland for my taste to the point where i threw in salt just to liven it up a bit. 

A good note is Mashisoyo is located right next to Perfect Scoop and with summer coming up Perfect Scoop is the Perfect solution to anything.


Yelp 100 - 015 of 100
First time here today and hubby and I were both pleasantly surprise to find a good Korean place close to our house. We  usually go to Chinatown for Korean restaurants but now we won't have to. We ordered the kalbi/combination tofu combo and it was very flavorful. The service was fast and the owners were accommodating.   I think the only draw back was the place can be cramped especially around dinner hours. But definitely would return again!
If you're looking for a restaurant that treats you like a family, then you're at the right place.  I've been here 6 times (2x in the past week) and they always treat me like a family.  I always order their combination tofu soup and one of their BBQ meat and so far, it hasn't failed me.  The taste is always consistent to my other visits.  The sides (banchan) on the other hand is never the same, which I LOVE!  There's a plethora of side dishes I have never tried before.  One that was weird but tasted really good was the baby squid kimchee.  Oh, and of course, their seafood pancake is the best I've ever tried from all the other Korean restaurants here.  I love how it's crispy and soft/chewy at the same time.  Plus, it's FREE!  Can't beat that!
Well how exciting! I no longer have to travel all the way to china town for delicious piping hot tofu soup.  

This place offers a very interesting combo meal.  I believe it was around $14.  It was a delicious piping hot tofu soup and a full plate of beef bulgogi.  It came with all the banchan and rice.  This meal easily serves two.  However, we also had the pork cutlet.  We had plenty of leftovers.  

It is strange inside.  It is somewhere in between counter service and waiter service.  The soda machine and ice tea don't work.  There is a bucket of iced cans of soda if you want a drink.  Strange.  In the future I would likely get my food to go.  

Everything tasted great.  Service was bizarre but we got everything we needed.  Delicious food.  Terrible location and ambiance.
This is a small mom and pop Korean restaurant tucked away in one of the many strip malls in Vegas. It's location may make it hard to find but it is worth the search. 

Here's a little help: It's pretty much across the street from Lowe's. Behind the AYCE sushi spot.
Hopefully that helps.

So this place is small. I personally counted a max of 25 seats. The lady who is always there is extremely friendly and gives superb service.  I have a sick obsession with hot Korean soups that remain sizzling in your face when it's delivered to the table.  For the most part, this restaurant specializes in just that: soup!  They have other dishes like seafood pancakes and new ramen dishes I just saw added to the menu.  But DO NOT miss out on their soups!

The vegetable soup and the seafood soup are the two dishes I've only tried so far.  Both come with soft tofu and a kimchee like broth. Let me tell ya, they are YUUUMMMYYYY!  This is personally my go-to Korean joint when I'm in the Summerlin area.
Good prices and portions, but the food was just average in my opinion.  I didn't really notice anything stand out.  We ordered the BBQ beef and the stone pot beef bibimbap.  For some reason, the rice didn't crisp up at the the bottom of our pot either....and that's what I like the most about bibimbap.  The BBQ beef was tasty but a tad bit salty.  There was enough banchan on the table to make a meal...so that's a bonus.  Also there is an advertised free seafood pancake...it really should just say vegetable pancake...since there is absolutely no seafood in it whatsoever.  The service was fast and friendly.
I was craving soup and decided to try this place after seeing the great reviews on yelp (why I was craving soup in the middle of a hot Vegas day...who knows). Great Great Great! The couple working at the tiny restaurant were both super nice and helpful in guiding me through the menu. I decided to try the beef tofu soup and ordered it with minimal spice, to go. 

My order was ready within 10 min and wrapped up with all the fixin's: bean sprouts, kimchee, cucumber(?) and a few other things I was unsure of. It all tasted great! I mixed the sprouts, kimchee and cucumber (still unsure if it was actually cucumber but it looked like it) into the soup. The only complaint I have was that I should have been more brave and ordered it at a medium spice. 

Great lunch spot if you are craving Korean food and have a taste for tofu soup!
I have a ridiculously high standard when it comes to Korean food because, without dispute, my Mom makes the best Korean food ever. EVER.

But sadly she doesn't live near me, so on those days when I am craving Mom's cooking (and don't feel like cooking myself) I will consult Yelp for new Korean restaurant recommendations. Mashisoyo came up with solid reviews so we thought we'd give it a try. Our order:

-Kimchi soon dubu (spice level 8/10) 
-Dolsot bimbim bap

The banchan was fresh. I think it's fairly difficult to mess up dolsot bimbim bap and this one did not disappoint. My soon dubu was tasty (albiet, a tad too salty) and the spicy level was perfect for me. Just a little watering of the eyes and nose, lol perfect.

Service was very friendly. I will definitely be back.
Small, charming, home-feel place, Korean-style. Having grown up with many Korean friends and neighborhood restaurants, I can pretty confidently say that this restaurant has some great food. Everything was so fresh and clear in flavor, nothing too muddled, sharp spice but not overbearing. The spice measurements were perfect, which seems quite rare for restaurants these days (something particularly important to me as a spice-lightweight!). Side dishes were generous, and all completely good. Service is always timely, and very friendly. It really does feel comfortable to be here, thanks to the wonderful staff and their wonderful cooking. And while there isn't any impressive culinary footwork done here, I don't think it needs any of that - Mashisoyo doesn't try to be anything else but a friendly neighborhood Korean restaurant, for which it deserves great marks.
I have to update my review now because they are under new ownership and I am not impressed. The free Seafood pancake has ZERO seafood to be found in it. The soondubu isn't as flavorful and frankly I am disappointed!!! I won't be going here anymore... It sucks cuz it WAS SO GOOD... BEFORE!!!
This food was incredible. Cute owners and very attentive to needy people like me.
Great place for a bite since my girlfriend loves soon tofu. Service is nice too, as even though we do not come here that often, the staff remembers us. They have plenty of flavors and combinations you can make with their tofu soups as well as barbequed meat combo dinners that are great too. Food and portions are great, and I would give this place a five-star but I'm a little iffy about the prices.
Wow, how the mighty have fallen. This was once my favorite spot to get some soondubu. Went here about a month ago, and things have taken a turn for the worse. The complementary seafood pancake has turned into a cold, tough, regular pancake with no flavor and no seafood. The sides are still ok. The soondubu is terrible, it wasn't fresh at all and it had a weird mouthfeel, and was underseasoned. The prices went up and the portions are smaller. Heard they changed owners... figures... won't be back.
My go to place for Korean in the southwest!!!! I was so excited when this place opened up because there are no Korean places out here near Russell and Fort Apache. The food is amazing and the prices are soooooo cheap for Korean food! For just 15 bucks you can get a tofu soup, choice of meat, and all Korean side dishes including the pancake. It's more than enough to feed my fiancé and I. The two owners are the nicest people and they give the best service possible!! Definitely can't say enough good things about them. GO CHECK IT OUT!!!!
Great service. As soon as you walk in the door they greet you with a great smile and are really nice. Then when you order they bring you a complimentary small seafood pancake which was nice and crispy. Then when the came out the portion was so big we ordered the tonkatsu plate. It seemed like they put three portions on one!!! I love the variety of different tofu soup we for the seafood one. It had great chunks of mussels, shrimp and scallops that hit the spot. Also just like every other Korean restaurant they bring 5 side dishes with refills!! Definitely will go again and great price for two entree we spent $24 and of course we had a lot of left overs to take home!!!
This place was just ok. I like the free seafood pancake they give; it was good. But my bi bim bap was kind of bland. They don't give sesame oil like other Korean spots to mix with the hot sauce. 

But my niece had the seafood soup and I kept eating some off of her! Coming back to get that on a cold winter night.
Grabbed some takeout from here, the Spicy Pork, to be exact. It came with several side cups, and a seafood pancake. Price seemed a little high, at $14 I think, but it DID come with a lot of food so I can't complain.

Ambiance: None. Upon first glance, it just looks like a takeout joint, but there were people eating in here; there's just no decoration whatsoever. The service was really friendly and fast though, so I have no complaints.

The pork had a nice level of heat; it was love at first bite. The banchan was so good I could happily just munch away on that and forgo the main dish. 

Note: This is my first time at a Korean restaurant, so I have nothing to compare it to. Definitely worth a try though!
Excellence, good food, cheap price, and great friendly service...great portion size....
I grabbed a quick Korean bite for dinner here with my gf. For the $21 I paid, we got heaps of food. The spicy pork was awesome and the veggie pancake was also awesome. Is it a classy place? No. Is it tasty? Yes! Do you get your money's worth? Hell yes!
The UNDER THE SEA RAMEN was Mashisoyo meaning "It's Delicious".
The Very Very BEST! I'm looking forward to returning!
love this place. i always come here with my gf. it feels like home cooking and always very good. The owners are very nice and took care of us well. Always get the soon tofu soup here and Bimbambap is bomb as well.
Very clean, sweet as pie mom & pop business. 

Sides are eh and still waiting on my egg to cook in what should've been a still boiling little pot of tofu soup. A rolling boil like it came from the volcano, cooks wearing welding mask is what Monkey used to.  Not so much here.  

Come with low expectations and maybe you'll enjoy the "free seafood pancake" dotted with vegetables.  Monkey may return for bibimbap or bulgogi, something really hard to mess up.
My go-to spot in Vegas for the best homemade Sundubu! I feel like I'm home when I'm here. Total Mom and Pop kind of place- the owners are so nice and always remember you and what you like to order. Tofu Hut and Mr. Tofu also have good Sundubu, but I would rate this place #1 as there is just something special and warm here. It's like you can taste the love that goes into the soup- which makes it more than just soup like at other restaurants!  :)
Mashisoyo definitely has a homey feel to it. The owners are friendly and cute while providing fast service. I've been there a few times and the quality remains consistent. The lower price tag for tofu soup and dolsot bibimbap is also a plus.

The side dishes are standard. What I really like is the crispy Korean pancake they serve with the soy sauce-based dip.

There's nothing bad about Mashisoyo, but definitely not anything that stands out when it comes to the food. I only go there if I'm in the area or if my usual place is closed.
I love this little joint. Friendly service, very attentive and great banchan. We had bulgogi and dol sot bimbimbap with combo tofu soup. It satisfied my craving and have left overs. 

Their specialty is tofu soup and with the weather being chilly its perfect. So if you want the table cooking, its not this one. this is a friendly neighborhood restaurant that makes home cooked korean comfort food. Very inexpensive and so satisfying. Definitely recommend this place to everyone.
As other reviewers have said, portion/quality has changed a bit throughout the last year. I have a picture of their green onion pancake then and now. Cutting down is completely understandable though, it's just that the differences are a bit stark here.  When I first ate here, I was a bit turned off because we had to wait 15+ minutes at the end of our meal for a "dessert" and the check. The dessert turned out to be oranges and really strong coffee, which I would have been okay declining since it was already late night and I don't normally drink coffee. I gave it another shot for lunch this past week and although their service is good and the family that owns it is super sweet, the flavors just weren't there for me in terms of that savoriness you expect from Korean food. I had their bibimbap which was just okay - the meat was tender but lacked flavor and the veggies weren't as bright and didn't really add to the dish. I think the one thing I would come back here for is just their tofu soup - this is actually one Korean dish I don't mind just being tame without too much flavor.
The GF and I have a bit of a routine, where I ask "so what should we have for dinner tonight?" and she responds "something tasty!"  This last time while I was visiting in Vegas, I was perusing Yelp for Korean food, and this place caught my eye.  Mashisoyo literally translates to "it's delicious!"  She begrudgingly went along (we had been visiting my parents the week before, so she was a little Korean fooded out).

In any case, this strip mall Korean seemed like a a family owned  BCD Tofu House.  I ended up getting the spicy tofu soup (seafood) and bulgogi combo, while the GF got the bulgogi entree.  I'd definitely recommend the combos, as the price was only a few dollars more and I got probably 2/3 the bulgogi she did.

The Korean woman who was running the front of the house was very surprised when I asked for things by their Korean names, but was excited when she realized I was Korean.  Kinda cute, and definitely that family owned feel.  

The bulgogi was fine.  The tofu soup seemed a little thin and watery to me, like they hadn't really simmered long enough to absorb the various flavors that make tofu soup one of my favorite dishes.

The space is small enough that I wouldn't be surprised to see some old school Korean guys in there yelling out "ah-jee-mah" to get the servers attention, just like they would have in Korea.  I'm Westernized to the degree that I feel awkward doing this . . .
Best Korean food I've had on the west coast, but I haven't found many around where I live in CA. 
The tofu soup was boiling when it came to the table!
I took a video and put it on YouTube.
My family goes here at least once a month. Great food, friendly service, and highly recommended.
Definitely not super impressed with what I was given. I ordered a bean sprout bibimbap. Maybe it was because I ordered to go but my bibimbap was a little soggy not too delightful. I think the beansprouts should've been drained more before just throwing them in.  Seaweed soup was good no complaints on that. The sides were average for a Korean restaurant.
I recently ordered catering from here for my sons birthday and was very pleased with the service and quality of food that I received. I had ordered the bulgogi, yuk gae jang and japchae and all the food was gone by the end of the party. I had received so many compliments and everyone was wondering if it was home cooked.
Finally found good Korean food! Watch for the heat scale-goes from 1-10 with a base of 5. 5 is usually plenty spicey.
Well, what can I say. I'm a sucker for hidden gems that are tucked away with great food period! If your looking for no frills and pass on the glitz and fancy stuff but appreciate good food your in for a treat. Try the hot pot soup, it hits the spot! Price is reasonable and service is good.
For $16.99 for the combo meal, you pick your meat and pick your tofu soup, then comes the free seafood pancake and the banchans.  It was just the right amount of food for two people, but really, I can eat for two so it was just the right amount of food for me.

I got the spicy pork BBQ, it came out on a sizzling plate and was nice and spicy and not too salty. For the tofu soup, I picked kimchi- that came out bubbling.  I asked for them to make it extra spicy and it was definitely that!  The kimchi jigae was actually pretty good, spicy, sour, salty- the flavors were all there and tasted great with the rice. Not sure if I was supposed to get an egg to break into it, but I didn't get one...maybe I need to ask next time?

The banchans were a fish jun, japchae, cucumber kimchi and regular kimchi and seaweed.  All pretty basic, but still satisfied my craving for Korean food.

It's in the back of a little strip mall so can be hard to find, but I love little hole in the walls like this where the owners are actually there and in the kitchen cooking.  I would definitely go back, I just hope they get enough business to stay open as I was the only patron there the entire time.
I really enjoyed this "hole in the wall" Korean restaurant because of the great flavors, sides, and portions they serve.  It was a hot day but I was in the mood for some kalbi and bulgogi.  We stopped here on the way home on a whim, entering the doors and finding just a few 4-tops along the side wall.  The service was quick and so was the food delivery.  We ordered a combo of kalbi with a tofu soup hot pot that had dumplings.  The usual Korean sides came out first, with some new ones like pork ribs and seaweed.  I love the marination of their meats!  It's super delicious and very well priced for the portions they provide.  I love the vegetable crepes, too.  That stuff rocked my world with the soy dip.

I am definitely coming here to satisfy my Korean bbq cravings from now on.
Another soup/salad/sandwich place with a few twists.  It's as if OLD NAVY has styled this place with the lighting & colors, so it certainly stands out from the competition in overall vibe.  Line format moves rather fast, even with patrons who are unfamiliar with the menu.  The cheddar cauliflower soup was a bit chalky for my taste, but the tomato basil was thick & flavorful.  Ultimate grilled cheese was a letdown as it seemed to be a thinly pressed panini without much inside.  The combo seemed small in portion size and feeling hungry after a meal isn't a good thing.

The chocolate dipped strawberries are a nice touch with the meals, as was the fancy soda syrups that are complimentary with soda purchase.

Staff was very polite and tables were bussed fast.  Just wasn't thrilled about the food.  Also obnoxious sewer smell right outside the door to the south that would waff in when people exited that door.
So I've been here twice and here's what struck me...the prices are good but I would rather pay a little more and have a heartier sandwich. Although tasty my Boston Crab was all bread and little filler.
Attended the pre-grand opening of the Desert Ridge Marketplace location today.  Very busy, order at the counter and move through the line setup. $7.99 for choice of two items is pretty reasonable for lunch these days.

Soups are fabulous, salads a bit dull, dessert was better than expected.  Tasting samples are offered so I tried five soups before deciding:  Chicken Enchilada, Chicken Tortilla, Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, Thai Lobster Curry and Lobster Bisque.   My Thai Chicken salad was built on only iceberg lettuce, had a meager portion of meat and even skimped on the bell peppers, onions and wonton chips.  Paradise Bakery does a better job  on this type of salad.  Companion had a panini and seemed to enjoy it, but it was not a generous portion.  Finally, a mixed berry creme brulee', which was pretty good even without a caramelized sugar top.    Excellent selection of fountain drinks, crystal light and Italian sodas.  Bread included with soup was only ok, but the complimentary chocolate dipped strawberry was a very nice touch.

I will have to go back and try the other soups!
Well let me start by saying once you have been to a Sandwich/soup/salad place....seems like they are all the same. However with that being said this new Cafe seems to be a bit different. The wife and I visited this locale yesterday (6/16/2012) and they were celebrating there opening weekend of there new cafe in Desert Ridge.  Now of course it was extremely crowded on this day because all weekend they were giving you half off on your meal. I do think that in the future however it will not be a problem with long lines because while the food here is excellent....there are several other locations at desert ridge to choose from for your dining pleasure.

Speaking of the food....like I said it was excellent.....and for the price it was outstanding. I had the Turkey Avocado Panini with the Clam chowder soup and it was only 4 bucks because it was half off. However I would definitely pay the regular price of 7.99 any day because I have never been to this type of Cafe that gives you a full sandwich..... with a nice hearty bowl of soup....... a piece of bread....and a chocolate covered strawberry...... for 8 bucks. I know some people will complain about the size of the sandwiches....but when you consider you are getting a full sandwich...... instead of half a sandwich.... and soup I think people will quickly see how truly good a deal this is.

You can also mix and match....you can have a salad and soup....sandwich and salad....soup and sandwich.....salad and sandwich....any 2 combinations for only 7.99.....I simply think that is great. The only reason I didn't give this locale 5 stars is because I think seating is going to be a problem here. When and if you visit please make sure you get a booth if you can because the tables are a bit unstable because they sit on a very slick hardwood floor. That problem will probably diminish with more foot traffic but for now just watch your step when you dine in there. 

The also have free Wi-Fi which is ALWAYS a HUGE plus for me....and they even have a separate station for you to sit at to directly plug in as well (room permitting of course...LOL) . The service is pretty good and they make the food pretty fast....so all in all I think it will be a great spot for lunch....but maybe not so much for dinner. Let me conclude by saying that for those of you who live here in the valley in AZ and have dined at Jason's Deli.....then this place is a lot like that but with better prices and better customer service. I highly recommend you give this place and shot and remember to Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Well hello Cafe Zupas, I'm glad to meet you! Welcome to the neighborhood, I hope you will stick around.  The bbq chicken salad you created was delicious, and I especially loved the fun drink bar, which let me make my own Italian soda.  My husband liked his summer chicken salad and turkey bacon panini. And that free chocolate covered strawberry at the end? Awesome! I was very satisfied after eating at Cafe Zupas. Not too full but just right. I appreciate new restaurants that are quick, healthy and not too expensive!
First the good: prices are very reasonable, wait-staff and servers are very friendly, the place is immaculately clean, lots of interesting salads, sandwiches and panini. Now the negatives: our salads were mostly lettuce with very skimpy portions of the other ingredients, the turkey avocado panini was just so-so, the slice of bread that everyone receives even if you order a sandwich was pasty and very ordinary tasting.
We complained to the store manager about the salads and she comped us with a slice of chocolate cake which was delicious. Bottom line until they get their act together, come here for dessert and go to Paradise Cafe for good sandwiches and salads.
Tried this place for the first time,
The environment is fun, bright and the IPod charging station and wi-fi are the only thing I would come back for.
I ordered the BBQ chicken salad, it was all lettuce and literally a teaspoon (NOT tablespoon) of chicken pieces.  The toppings were incredibly small.  $8.00 for a bowl of lettuce isn't going to impress anyone.
I wanted to try the pesto chicken panini, but they only offer white bread, no other healthy or gluten free options.
I was excited to try this place but walked out VERY disappointed.  Won't be back or recommend to anyone until they get real!!
Tried this place today for the first time. Had a soup/salad combo. I had the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup and the Shanghai chicken salad. My son had the Milano panini. I was also able to taste the mushroom soup and I plan to get that next time. Food was good. It was a bit disorganized. The guy behind the counter asked me three or more times what I was having and was it for there or to go. They have no way of writing anything down. It's all verbal. And I didn't get my free chocolate covered strawberry :-(
Chocolate covered strawberries with my meal as a treat? Yes please!  I went there for the first time last week and had the Thai salad with tofu and it was very yummy. They are quick, efficient and my pocket really likes their prices. The only problem was that we don't have a location near my house (aawwwhhh) BUT I just found out that they are opening another location in Dana Park (Val Vista and Baseline ) wwwwweeeeee! Do you know where you can find me for lunch in the near future?? Café Zupas!!
My new favorite restaurant. Especially when you want a very light meal, more like a snack meal. Good service started a the door, with an employee explaining the system from step one.

#1* The choices, Create your own salad, all fresh and in front of you to pick from. Excellent quantity and quality choices. Good options for vegetarians and vegans. 12 signature salads.  We had the summer chicken salad. Very balanced ingredients. Half salad quite large.

#2* The soups, 10 choices, 4 of them vegetarian. All looked and smelled wonderful. The sample of Tuscan bean was excellent. A very nice touch offering a sample. 

#3* The sandwiches,  12 choices 5 cold, 7 grilled panini, 1 vegetarian. 

#4* Everything else, great drink choices, make your own Italian soda station. Great option for low sugar choices and good quality syrups. Some of the lowest prices on drinks I've seen. Bread also included with soup and salad. No extra charge here.

Combo's. Great choices. Sandwiches and salad combo plenty for two people looking for large snack or light meal.

Desert, a chocolate covered strawberry with each meal. YUM! YUM!

Excellent about answering allergy questions. They have a prepared binder of common allergens. Very helpful, and keep me away from potential problem items.

Only one minor negative, add another vegetarian sandwich.
horrible excuse for a restaurant. sandwkch was tasteless, chicken tenders served
cold and hard, no ketchup (?), ditsy workers. do not waste your time.
This location is BUSY. Full of kids. That's the down side. However, I cannot, literally cannot get a large enough bowl of their Thai Curry Lobster Soup. Oh man. I could eat that all day!
Fresh, generous portions, good flavor and all at a really great value.  The spinach salad is particularly fresh and delicious.  Everyones very nice.  We did takeout and brought it home - the AZ Desert Ridge was a little too diner feel for us, but nice for what it was.  The chicken tortilla soup is a bit salty.  Overall, well done.
Ordered a Gilled Italian with "NO Tomatoes" to go as a suggestion from one of 8 people behind the counter. Didn't realize till I got home it was something totally different.  Food is just so-so.  I prefer paradise I think.
I liked everything about this place except for the food. I had a grilled Panini  which consisted of ham, turkey, tomatoes and way too much honey mustard. I thought it tasted awful. My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm. She thought it was just ok. The person getting the soup asked me if I wanted asiago croutons with the soup, I said ok. And unknowingly agreed to be charged an additional 59 cents. I thought it was part of the deal with the soup. That really pissed me off when I got to the register. Note to management - You might think you're making extra bucks with that soft upsell method but you are really losing returning customers. Why don't you be UNFRONT AND HONEST and say "would you like some asiago croutons with the soup for an additional 59 cents?".

This place looked like they had great desserts. A great alternative to the ice cream places around Desert Ridge. They had an ipod/pc charging station and the seating and general vibe to the place was great.

It might be a long time before I give this place a second chance.
Great customer service. Everyone was very friendly & helpful. The blueberry/maple salad was awesome. Hubby said his Italian sub was one of the best he's ever had. Loved the chocolate strawberries. I felt the price was very reasonable. Also liked the flavor bar; add some peach flavor to your iced tea or vanilla to root beer. And note: they are open weekends despite what the hours state on Yelp.
With the exception of very friendly employees, Cafe Zupas fails in pretty much every category I can think of.  It's the cheap Paradise Bakery.  If you've read any of my Paradise Bakery reviews, you'd know that's not a compliment by any means.  Whomever dreamed up the concept of this quick service restaurant really didn't think things through.

The counter is a complete cluster.  There are monitors with videos playing that blocks the menu board.  So if you don't know what you want, you need to grab a paper menu.  Pretty awkward for a first timer.  Standing in a big group of people steering at menus also was an unexpected and uncomfortable experience.   I then ordered my sandwich and a salad at the left end of the counter, navigated my way around the people waiting for soups, past the dessert counter (desserts actually looked awesome, so I'd bet they were not made on sight), then to the registers.  Retold the order I just made but was still waiting on to the cashier.  Then I had a brief wait for my food at the register.  I usually am not a big fan of the take a number system.  But that would be very helpful at this place.  Also, some sort of a ticket to hand the cashier or a register at the same place you order would be nice as well.

The food wasn't very good.  The summer chicken salad was short on toppings.  Plenty of lettuce, a decent amount of fruit, but only a few pieces of chicken. The french bread from any nearby supermarket would have been tastier than what they offered on the side.  The chicken pesto panini wasn't very flavorful or filling.  While the entrees are cheap, you're going to have to shell out for the sides if you want a complete meal.

There are so many fast food options in the district of Desert Ridge Marketplace.  I suggest skipping Cafe Zupa.  The short walk to Paradise Bakery is worth it if you want a quick sandwich or salad.  (Did I really just say that?)
Holy mother of salad goodness...I have finally found a replacement for the sadly now-closed Market Bistro. The sandwiches are interesting and have amazingly soft bread. The salads are fresh and generously portioned with dressings that are tasteful. The desserts are also yummy. This place is my new favorite and go-to at least once per week. And for $8 that gives you a FULL sandwich and salad (which you can easily split) - paradise bakery must be freaking out!
Visited Cafe Zupas for dinner on a Saturday night.  This location is in Desert Ridge.  All in all, it was pretty good and I would go again.  

Location:

Easy to find and get to.  Desert Ridge sometimes has parking problems, but that would be the case anywhere.  The restaurant was open, well-lit, and had plenty of seating.  The counter was a disaster.  Oh, it was clean, but the way that it's laid out seems like a nightmare for the poor employees, and the lack of an easy to read menu made it hard on new customers like me.

Staff:

Super friendly and helpful.  There was a young lady at the front who provided me and my wife with paper menus and offered suggestions.  The staff at the counter were also friendly, but appeared overwhelmed.  Upon leaving, multiple employees bade us farewell.  

Food:

I got the chicken pesto sandwich and a half-bowl of the white bean Tuscan soup.  The sandwich was grilled panini-style and was a good size for the price.  It was tasty, but not the best; I'm not sure that if I was drafting a menu I would have a warm pesto sandwich that had sprouts on it.  The soup was awesome.  It was very hardy for a vegetarian soup and was well-seasoned.  Reminiscent of minestrone, but without the pasta.  My wife ordered the turkey bacon avodado sandwich.  She liked it, but thought that it should come with something other than honey mustard on it.  It was also panini-style.  When we ordered there was a bit of a mix-up with our order.  My sandwich was not ready, but the ever-friendly staff wrote down our description and had it delivered to us at our table.  I was half-way through my soup and the sandwich came in hot and toasty.  

Oh yes, and the dessert.  They gave us chocolate covered strawberries gratis with the meal.  They were awesome.  I wish that I had more.  My wife ordered the chocolate creme brulee.  It was very tasty, but was more like chocolate pudding than creme brulee.  

Overall:

The food ranged from good to very good.  The location is good.  Staff is excellent.  Cafe Zupas suffers from attempting to have a service counter that's similar to a Chipotle but lacks the proper timing to do it.  It would have been better if they had simply given us a number and brought the food to the table.  With that said, it was warm, fresh, reasonably priced, and easy to get in and out of.  I would come here again.
I found this place just in time as the weather is getting cooler and a soup and sandwich place is what one craves. I order the turkey panini and mushroom bisque soup which were quite good. The chocolate covered strawberry that comes with it makes for the perfect end of meal change of palette. They seem to have a wide variety so i have to come back and try the other stuff.
I really like this place.  It's a nice way to break up the old Paradise Bakery menu with plenty of fresh offerings in the soup/salad/sandwich menu.  The combos are a way better deal than paradise...soup/sammie you get a full sammie, not a half.  I tried the spinach artichoke turkey sandwich.. really good with a yummy creamy dip like sauce on it.  The paninis are a little flat after being pressed and although it seems like you get enough meat on your sandwich, I do kind of wish the meat was placed more dainty (folded or something) and not stacked like bologna.  A few other cool things...you get a free chocolate dipped strawberry with your meal, large dessert offerings (million dollar cookie bar was WAY too sugary), and there are italian soda syrups for you to add to your coke products with suggested recipes like "rootbeer float".  

The main thing I would change about this place is the staff.  They're all really nice, but there is always something weird.  While I like it when people open the door and greet me, I don't like it when they immediately try to sell me on the "soup of the month" or whatever.  Like I haven't even been in the store for ten seconds and I'm being hard-sold on my lunch.  I have also had like 3 different people try to serve me when I wasn't ready.  It's nice that they're eager, but after I worked in retail, that is one of the first things they teach you...know who has been greeted.  Also, I know this is really mean sounding, but there used to be a girl with an intensely screechy voice who greeted me at the counter and would then screechishly scream out my sandwich order to her minions.  I actually feared walking in to her taking my order the next few times (which last time was different, thankfully).  A few kinks to work out and this place would be a 5-star of a lunch getup.
We are big fans of Paradise Bakery..we eat there at least 2-3 times a week (it's down the street from us..can you blame us)?!
Much like Paradise Bakery, there is a soup and salad/sandwich combo offering.
You get a whole sandwich, AND a lovely chocolate dipped strawberry (disappointing for my husband-he really loves the cookie thing at Paradise Bakery).

I had a pulled pork sandwich (great) and the Yucatan Chicken soup (sooo good) you can even sample the soup! How fun is that?!

My only complaint, is that it feels a tad claustrophobic at this location. The tables are all jumbled together and there is this "recharge your device" thing in the center that is really very wasted space. If the tables were spaced out more, I would definitely give this 4 stars. 

Someone else mentioned the awkward feel of the ordering area. I'm going to agree on that, though I felt that way with Paradise bakery. It can feel a little chaotic when it's crowded and you're not quite sure what to do.
Having moved from Utah, where we first found this place, I was very sad to think we'd never be back to it. We were thrilled when one opened up so close to us. And we were not disappointed with the quality. 

I usually get a combo with soup and sandwich, though I've recently switched to getting just a regular soup. I never finish the whole sandwich and it feels like a waste to leave half of it there. 
My husband's favorite sandwich is gone now, replaced by a similar-but-not-the-same option.  Not bad though. 
My favorite soup by far is the chicken enchilada chili, but I've liked every other one I've tried as well. My parents also love the place. 
The chocolate covered strawberries are a wonderful touch. I've gotten two desserts so far and they were pretty good. Love the beverage options with the syrups - sprite with cherry and blackberry is my favorite. 
I do wish the bread given with the soups seemed a little more fresh though.
It was ok...... I would much rather go to Paradise Bakery or Crackers and Co. I ordered the lobster Thai curry soup that says it comes with fresh lobster.... I didn't see ANY in there. It was more like a watery potato curry. I also had a club sandwich which was pretty good, there wasnt much meat though. The place was packed and couldn't even find someone to wipe down our table for us.... Like I said, it was ok.
I much prefer this place over Paradise or Corner Bakery.  The service is great.  You get to actually sample the soups before you try them.  Oh and the selection of soups is pretty wide I'd say.  And the fact that they give you a chocolate-dipped strawberry with your meal will always one up a fresh chocolate chip cookie any day.
I really wanted to love this place when I walked in because it smelled heavenly, the menu had a lot of options I was interested in and everyone was so helpful and friendly. But, I was pretty disappointed with my Turkey and Avocado panini - very basic, unimpressive, pre-made with really cheap deli meat.

But, as I mentioned, the rest of the menu looked good, so I think I'll go back and give it another shot - probably sticking to vegetarian soup or salad options.
Best lunch deal around the area!  You can get a full sandwich plus soup or salad for $7.99.  They have a great selection of salads, soups and sandwiches. You will not leave her hungry.  You also get a chocolate covered strawberry with every meal.  They offer catering too.
I really want this place to work.  It has a great concept . . . and now for the but . . . and I hope Cafe Zupas sees this so that they can make improvements and make this place a 5 star.  I have been here multiple times.  When I say multiple, I mean like once per week or more so I feel that my review has more weight than a person that has visited just once or twice.

First, I love the idea of the salads.  You can order a half or a whole salad.  They have salads that you can choose from or you can create your own salad that they make for you.  I have always ordered the salads that they have to choose from and I usually alter it in some way.  I have ordered half salads and whole salads.  The problem with this is that the ratio of ingredients is different in a half compared to a whole.  For instance, when you order a half salad, you get one scoop of each of whatever the ingredients are for that salad, so when you order a whole salad, you would think that you would get two scoops of each ingredient.  However, that is not the case and thus a half salad of one variety is not the same as a whole salad of the same variety because the ratios are different.  It in fact makes a whole salad seem a little lettucey (I just made up that term meaning too much lettuce).

I have had several of the sandwiches that they offer.  The pulled pork is good and a normal sized sandwich.  The ultimate grilled cheese is my sandwich of choice.  It is small, which is ok with me because I can never eat a whole sandwich at a restaurant anyway, but I think the reason they keep it small is because they intend for you to pair it up with a salad or soup.

I have never tried any of their soups.  They do have a good variety and keep a rotating special soup for a short period of time.  I live in Arizona, so soup is not something that I am eating in this heat.

I love the chocolate covered strawberry that they serve with each meal.  It is a nice ending to the meal.  However, I have had enough of these strawberries to say that they are not consistent with how deep they dip the strawberries.  Some are not even dipped half way.  That is an easy fix. 

I have had a couple of their signature salads messed up.  They have forgotten some of the ingredients.  It wasn't that big of a deal when I was eating there, but when I got it to go and got home to discover they forgot the chicken, I was not happy.  I called Zupas and they said that they would give me a coupon for a free meal next time I was in, which they did.

Now, for the cleanliness . . . I ate in last night and as the sun was setting, it  shown on the wall next to where I was sitting to magnify anything that was on the walls.  I was sitting in a booth.  I could not believe how dirty it was.  I looked all up and down the wall of each booth and saw that it was like that all the way down so I know they aren't cleaning the walls.  You would think that when they wipe off the tables, they would also wipe off the wall next to the tables.  It is made of a material that is easily cleaned.  Just by the way the sun was shining in, it looked like when you take a black light to a hotel bed to see all of the uncleanliness there.  It also makes you wonder how clean the kitchen is.

I will go back and I hope that they take care of a few items so that they improve and survive.
I've been to this place several times, and I have to say I like it a lot. The concept is pretty cool: you can get half-salads/half-sandwiches and soup combos, which I like. 
Favorite soup: Tuscan White Bean & Vegetable
Favorite salad: pretty much all of them, to be honest. Usually I make up my own (which I like that you can do)
Favorite sandwich: Turkey Cranberry or Turkey Spinach Artichoke.

I like that everything is customizable. It's not too fancy, and in fact a lot of it is fairly basic, but it's simple and healthy and I like it. Kind of like Paradise Bakery. Good atmosphere. Will definitely continue to come back.
I love this place!  I have been there several times already.  The first time I came in there was a long line and I thought it would take awhile but they get you through in record speed.  The food is delicious.  My favorite items are the Wild Mushroom bisque soup and the Nuts About Berries salad.   The one thing that makes the experience over the top for me is how friendly the service is.  The workers have so much enthusiasm about the food and always have a huge smile on their face.  I get friendly service many other places but this is exceptionally friendly.

Can't say enough good things about the place.
Good soups and sandwiches.  Great, friendly staff. Really liked the lobster curry. Avocado crab melt is great.   Yucatan chicken chipotle salad was tasty. A yummy alternative.  Good upscale fast lunch.
Located inside the food court at the front entrance. Just look for the giant strawberry sign hanging out front.

Inside is cleverly decorated with lots of glowing colored lights in different areas. Sort of space age cafeteria style with super friendly service. Started when they opened the door for me and my family. Nice!

We all took advantage of the Lunch Combo Special. Comes with choice of two items. Soup, Salad or Sandwich. I went with the Wild Shroom Bisque and a Grilled Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini. The ladies ordered an assortment of Signature Salads as well as some Soups. Even comes with a complementary Chocolate dipped Strawberry for an extra treat.

Everything was Fresh and Tasty. The wife and daughter really loved it. Even the sister in law. Maybe not the place to take a bunch of hungry men. Give them a try. ENJOY!
I used to love this place until I went in for my BBQ chicken salad, ate half, then found a live cockroach crawling around in the salad. I called over there and they did nothing for me but offer me my money back! So I brought the box over and the cockroach crawled out of the box on the counter. I work at an office building a block away with 450 employees, which most would go to zupas for lunch. Since they weren't taking care of a customer finding a HUGE cockroach in their salad I decided to let my whole office know about it. They lost a lot of biz. I hope they don't treat you the way they treated me!
I really wanted to like this place, and the pictures of their fresh salads on their website looked enticing. So got a group of my co-workers to go for a "healthy" lunch. Many of us ordered the combo - which I thought was a half sandwich and a cup of soup - like it is at most places. Instead, it was a whole sandwich and bowl of soup. So much for the healthier smaller portions. Soups were salty. Thai lobster curry did not have a shred of lobster meat in it. Lunch meats used in the sandwiches were cheap and relatively tasteless. One in our group got a salad that "tasted like fish" but contained no seafood. They happily exchanged it, though.

But the thing that really chapped my butt was a salesperson who approached our table mid-meal and tried to sell us Silpada jewelry and have us book a party. Apparently, management at this establishment allows that to happen, as she and another salesperson had set up their "home base" at a table at the front of the store, with catalogs and gift bags. Let me assure you, when I am out lunching with co-workers under a time limit, I am there to enjoy their company. The last thing I want is to be accosted by a sales presentation! I tried to complain through Zupa's website, but they have no Contact link there for message. Wonder why?

Thank God I didn't see the review here about the cockroach in the salad until after we got back. No need to ever go again.
Amazing soups! Amazing sandwiches! Amazing desserts! Clean, fresh, modern decor. Love this place! Well worth a $10 lunch.
Went here for lunch with my son & daughter as it came recommended by a teacher. The sandwiches were drenched in a vinegar dressing which was not tasty. My son found a hair in his salad which they exchanged for some chicken strips that were tiny. My daughter's turkey sandwich came with an avocado mash which none of us liked. Fresh avocado would serve Cafe Zupas well as would a different vendor for cold cuts. The dessert was the only enjoyable menu item.  Creme brûlée
Came here to just pick up a lunch for our son who wanted their clam chowder.  The place was clean but not busy at all.  We were greeted very nicely.  We ordered the kids meal which came with a cup of soup, a cup of fruit (grapes & mandarin oranges) and we were able to pick between a chocolate covered strawberry or a slice of bread to go with the soup.  Of course the little man chose the strawberry.  It also came with a small drink, too.  Their clam chowder, I tasted, was pretty good - nice amount of clams in there.  I'd definitely come back to try out their 'adult" meals of sandwiches and salads.  The only odd thing was that they must have been overstaffed - as there were about 6 employees sitting in a booth and table right by the soda machine eating and hanging out.
We've eaten lunch there two days in a row and have enjoyed the choices they offer.  The mango salad is tasty and I tried the turkey cranberry sandwich.  Staff there is very friendly and helpful. The place is clean and they have loads of parking. Nice stop after a movie.
I love this place! We have received wonderful customer service from being greeted at the door, to providing suggestions when ordering, to clearing our plates as soon as we are finished. And all this with a smile! Great food--always looking for that perfect big salad! They have a lot of soup and salad options and some tasty baked goods! The best part is every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry so you always have a sweet treat to finish off your meal.
I've been here quite a few times and they have items on the menu that sound like they'd be great, but they are just never overly impressive. I've gotten the piña colada salad before and it's always a little dry and the lettuce isn't fresh. All of the sandwiches are made on the same bread, it's white and very basic with no flavor. The rolls are served cold, fresh out of the fridge with no butter or anything to put on it. With some simple improvements and attention to detail this place could be a solid 4 stars. But as of now this is the best I can do!
Unsanitary!  I wish I would have read the previous reviews (cockroach etc) as that would have saved us from one of the worst food experiences I've had in a long long time.  We ordered a chicken panini (in which they got it wrong and used ham) a soup which was so salty that it was inedible and finally a salad which came complete with a long blonde hair of one of the workers (we both have black hair). After showing the hair the only response I got was a refund of just the salad.  Please avoid this as there are much better options in Desert Ridge.  Even paradise bakery is a much better option.
I've been here a couple of times, and I'm not sure why I keep going back.  The Thai chicken salad sandwich is delicious, but these people don't know how to properly make a sandwich - they pile everything in the center of the bread, leaving the edges bare.  I have to spread all the stuff out before I eat it.  I have tried about half of their soups, and none of them are great.  Something off about each one.  If I do go back I'll just stick with a sandwich.
Addicted!!

This place is as good as it gets for a soup, salad, and sandwich shop.  I have been to Zupas so many times since I first experienced it last year, some weeks I am pretty sure I went everyday for lunch and/or dinner. During my many trips I have tried most things on the menu,  but nowadays I always get the BBQ Chicken Salad and whatever soup I am in the mood for, usually whatever is the "World Tour" soup.

I have never experienced any of the issues that I have seen in some of the reviews, and I have been here at least 100 times. The only downside to this place is they don't have some kind of points or rewards program, cause I would really be able to cash in on that.

Definitely a place to taste and take the family. Mine loves it!!
Fast, terrific choices, yummy food.  What's not to like.  Stopped in one day in a rush on my way to Wolverine at the megaplex next day.  Wife said she loves it but I wasn't expecting much.  Color me surprised!  Salads, sandwiches, soups, deserts.  Everything looks great and everything I tried was terrific.
I really liked this place! The food is good and the portions are standard. Husband did t like the broccoli cheddar soup, but my chicken tortilla was yummy! Can't go wrong w a chocolate strawberry w every meal!
I usually go to the Zupas on Camelback where everyone is always nice and friendly. And so was this store, however the staff was so over the top and obnoxious about it I wanted to shout at them to stop and get out of my face. Let me make a damn decision on my own. And no means no! What manager is pushing them to be like this?
Really like the concept and menu. But execution is just not quite there. Teenage girls playing chef with overflowing salty sauce on the sandwiches. Not a healthy combination.
Am here for the first time because a friend of mine raved about it.  I think Zupas offers a good value for your money.  Where else can you get full sandwich AND soup for $7.99?  I had the Pesto Chcken grilled Panini and felt it was average.  I love bold flavors in my dishes and so for me the Panini was bland.  I have certainly had better Toetilla soup as well.  So I give the place 3 stars.
I love this place! I ordered a salad with berries, chicken, and cinnamon almonds and it was amazing. Everything was really fresh and reasonably priced. You even get a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal!
I really enjoy coming to this place for lunch.  It has so many great options.  I love the sandwich and salad combo deals during the summer and during the winter the soup and sandwich one.  I love the chicken chili and the chicken pesto sandwich.  For the salads, any of the ones with fruit are really good and they are very good at customizing the amount of dressing you want or even leaving the dressing off.  All of your meals come with a chocolate covered strawberry as a treat, sweet!  Once in a while the soup is a little too salty for my taste, but I still come at least once a month.  The place gets pretty busy at noon, but if you go a little later there is plenty of tables to choose from.   Another thing that really surprised me was that they do not accept tips.
A nice choice at Desert Ridge if you're looking for something good and quick.  The sandwiches are all made to order and they're good.  They also have some very good soups but, as others have pointed out, they can be a bit salty sometimes.  
If I'm in the mood for a sandwich my first choice is Paradise Bakery but Zupas is a pretty close second.
We use to go to the Desert Ridge location in Phoenix, AZ every week.  Last month we went there and my son wanted the baked chicken on the kids menu.  The menu says choose two, so I asked him what else he wanted.  He said chicken.  When I asked for double chicken the person serving said no that they had to be two different items.  I said that was dumb, it doesn't say select two different items, the sign says choose two.  I was then told it was "corporate policy."  Really?  Corporate policy to be down right rude to your customers about it?  Well tonight my son wanted to go back.  Dreading the trip, I fought the same battle.  To prove how shady this location is, after having the same battle, I asked for the corporate office phone number.  They REFUSED to give it to me.  Again really?  Do they not understand the Internet and power of social media?  Rather than handling the situation in a customer friendly way, they gave me a tough sh*t attitude, refused to give me the corporate number, and were very rude over all.  Let's see if they understand the power of social media and review sites now.  Unreal a company this day in age could be so rude to people...numerous times!
I have to admit to being very surprised by this place. We went in as an afterthought and are very glad we did. We ordered the Cuban Pork sandwich (holy crap that's good, easily on par with those at fancier places), the grilled cheese (not as good, but still tasty), clam chowder (very good), red pepper & lobster soup (amazing, but unless you love the richness of lobster, you won't be able to finish it), and some fruit (not bad, but not much variety). The food was quick and very affordable. Highly recommend!
My favorite lunch time quick fix! Affordable and sooooo fresh with a roll and chocolate covered strawberry every time!!! Yummy. Always so bright fun and healthy at Zupas
We LOVE the food, and it's convenience.  We have been coming here since they opened and frequently get take out, but have dined in numerous times.  I am posting this as a warning to anyone getting takeout:  CHECK YOUR FOOD BEFORE YOU LEAVE.

I almost always order a whole Summer Chicken salad, and this location is AWFUL about putting the chicken in this salad for some stupid reason.  This is the FIFTH time it has happened!  I had gotten in the habit of watching them make it, and let it go this time...and now I'm eating a chicken salad with no chicken.

I called and spoke to the manager about it and all I got was a vague, sort-of, apology.  Didn't ask for my name, didn't offer a resolution, just an "Oh gee, sorry...next time you're in, ask for me and I'll make sure it gets made correctly."  How about just training your employees to make the salad (their JOB) correctly?!

So, food = 5 stars IF it's made right.  Service, ZERO stars if that were an option.

Not cool.
No soup for you!

 My friends and I enjoy going to lunch at Zupas  Cafe.  Zupas resembles a cafeteria style with fresh salads, soups, and sandwiches. Once you enter Zupas you are greeted at the door as an employee pass out menus to view while waiting in line.

 I usually choose to create my own salad, well make that a  half salad and  it is always delicious. My salad creation consist of iceberg lettuce, chicken, apples, cranberries, strawberries, topped with cinnamon almonds and strawberry vingerette dressing.  Oh did I mention Zupas give a piece of bread and a chocolate cover cherry with every order.  

Zupas offers great value deals. The choose 2 deal is  any sandwich, soup, or salad at a great price. I think the sandwiches are fair but that is only because they are trumped by the delicious varieties of soup.  Zupas will let you sample all their wonderful soups before you decide.  You have to try the vegetable chowder it is amazing.

So if you want a great bowl of soup give Zupas a try.
VERY GOOD FOOD! Soups are excellent. Ordering is annoying...a cafeteria-style setting where you order the sandwich/salad first with one person, order the soup with another and then dessert and finally paying. By that time, you have repeated your order to someone 3-4 times. Suggestion to Cafe Zupas...write it down so the customer isn't constantly repeating it, which can be hard when ordering for myself and two kids. Other than that, great place!
Bosa is back! Now they server Pho now but after the long wait I ordered bun bo hue with shrimp cake & grilled large shrimp & ice coffee, everything taste great! The side order of grill large shrimp is a must try! Gotta try their Pho when I visited next time
"Bun bo Hue" (spicy beep noodle) very delicious.no where can compare. "com tam bi suong cha".(broken rice with pork chop)are genius, real Vietnamese taste, also "nem cuon" (spring roll) come with very delicious sauce. They just relocation here, they were at Jones/spring mtn. before. Very good Vietnamese cuisines.
Pho Bosa is a great place to get cha gio and some pho.  While living on Guam I grew up with Vietnamese lumpia.  That one was a foot long and served with lettuce, mint, bean sprouts, pickled radish, noodles, and fish sauce.  The one at Bosa reminds me of home, except it's standard size instead of Vietnamese lumpia size.  The flavor is excellent, the service is great, and I'm so happy they are open again!

I tried the pho and it's wonderfully light.  I loved every slurp from my bowl.  We were so happy that we came back the next day for lunch!

Try this place out.  It's great food with great service.
Yup.  Every bite is just as delish as my last.  Thanks again!
I could come here and order 2 Cha Gio and some Pennywort juice and I'll be smiling for the rest of the night. I could end the meal there and be happy with it but there are so many more dishes on their menu. I am a big fan of all their vermicelli noodle dishes with a special preference to the Kalbi. 

A nice welcomed addition to the menu is the Pho. This was available back at the location on S. Jones. So far I have tried the Pho with the Beef Balls, Brisket, and the rare beef. All three have been a hit with me.

The service is always so friendly and accommodating. I am never left wanting when I am there.

After looking at the other review I've got a craving for some Bun bo Hue and Cha Gio. See you soon Pho Bosa!
This restaurant is by far, hands down, THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever received from a Vietnamese restaurant. Our server asked if it was our first time there (which it was) and explained the full menu to us. He was very knowledgeable and gave some on point recommendations.

We ordered Pho Tai Bo Vien which is pho with rare steak and beef balls. Delicious as expected. I also tried Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef noodle) which definitely hit the spot for me! I highly recommend it for first timers! Don't forget to try their shrimp cake! Everything came out fresh and with great service, we'll be back for sure!
I love the rice there, me and my two older brother love going there like every week, the people that work there is REAL and so is the FOOD worth the price and money, and thats why i tried to be there everyweek. Everytime i eat anywhere els i feel the regret not getting the rice dish there instead.  Everytime i finish the Rice dish there i will always wrap my belt around my shoulder and say compliment to the CHIEF.
This place is AWESOME!!!!!! I have been a fan of theres since there old location and was so excited when they open this new location. My favorite dishes are....Nem Nuong Cuon, Bun Bo Hue, Bun Rieu, and there Bo Dai Han Tau Hu  Ky Rice Dish...Almost everything! There food is truly the best in NEVADA and I come here almost everyday and sometimes twice a day. I see this restaurant more then I see my kitchen at home. Not only there food is Awesome, but the people there also. I always have felt welcome and treated with spectacular service and makes me look forward to come back. If you haven't gave this place a try yet...you need to!!! Maybe I will see you there also haha...

Thanks Pho Bosa for always satisfying me and my families hunger :)
There are two reasons why I moved to Las Vegas.  Reason number one was career move.  Reason number two was to be close to Bun Bo Hue, Ta Hu Ky and Short Ribs with broken rice and all the mind blowing food this restaurant offers.  The ribs are savory, tender, and exploding with flavor.  I've eaten at Vietnamese restaurants for over 22 years from coast to coast to the dirty south.  Bosa 1 is top notch.  The staff is friendly.  Mo, Vanessa, Mimi, and Kevin are the reallest $(@"&$ out there who are very passionate about the quality of their culinary creations and service.  Writing about it is making me hungry.  Peace
Bosa 1 is back as a
 reincarnated Pho Bosa. Apparently, they moved to be closer to the strip and included pho to please customers top 2 requests. 

Plates have always been the star for both the BF and me. They changed the way the plates are so there is more customization on the items you have in your combo whereas it used to be set items aside from the main meat dish. We both got plates with shrimp cake and eggrolls and I picked grilled pork sausages and the BF got BBQ pork. Everything good, as expected. It's the best broken rice plate you're going to get in Vegas. I wish they bottled their seasoned fish sauce! It is clean and balanced and I want to douse it on everything. They're doing a free soda with a Yelp check-in and that was oddly the only bump in the visit. It was flat and odd tasting according to the BF who ordered a coke.

Service is just as friendly and attentive which I have come to expect when you go to eat at Bosa. It's one of the few Asian establishments that have amazing service. 

It's easily missed when driving by it. If you see the Bikini Bar it is next to it and the Zombie Apocalypse store is across the street on Polaris.

Course, now that the namesake is Pho I have to come back (very soon, I hope) to try this and indulge and their two other soups: Bun Rieu and Bun Bo Bue. Perfectly in time for the cool down in weather!
(W)e never got to dine at Bosa1.....:(
(E)xcited is how I felt when I found out Bosa was back!
(L)ocated on Polaris Street off Spring Mountain in Chinatown
(C)ome hungry, leave happy...wait, is that a commercial?
(O)utstanding service here!
(M)y opu was HELLA growling when we stepped inside
(E)xtensive menu available here...3 words-Broken Rice Plates

(B)asket of attack gear is brought to your table
(A)ddicting Nuoc Cham (dipping sauce) is also brought to your table for rice plates
(C)oming back to try their noodle dishes for sure
(K)illed my Grilled Beef and Spring Roll Rice Plate!

(B)roken Rice plates are what they are known for...SO GOOD!
(O)MG!!! is what my tastebuds and opu screamed after meeting the fluffy broken rice
(S)tarting to salivate right now....Better end this review!
(A)LOHA

(!)!!!!
If you know nothing about Pho (different styles, how to taste the one region from another) then go ahead and assume this is 5 stars.

The pho is northern style. My mom's southern and my dad is central so a lot of the Vietnamese food I grew up eating and learning how to cook as well as eating when back in Vietnam is southern or central style. Very rarely do we try northern style as it's not from their respective regions. 

So i ordered the Combination Pho, i order so much crap with it comes to pho i pretty much learned to just go with the combo the only thing they didn't have that i didnt order extra of was tripe. 

Quality of the beef was good, one thing that sets Pho Bosa apart from the others is the tendon. Everywhere else you'll get larger thicker cuts of tendon which is fine if you like tendon as long as it's not super tough or chewy. Pho Bosa cuts their tendon thin and small so the texture is like melting jelly. Very good, next time i'm gonna ask for a double order of tendon. 

The broth itself is northern style. You can tell from the aroma of extra spices in the broth. Personally this caught me by surprise and overall it was a bit bland for my taste. In Pho Bosa's defense pretty much all pho is blandish for me, usually have to add quite a bit of fish sauce to get it up to par for my taste buds, here it took around 7 spoonfuls. 

Buddy of mine ordered the number 77 Bun Rieu. 
 - Vermicelli shrimp crab soup, thin rice noodles, shrimp, crab meat, tofu, large diced tomato in a home made chicken broth. 

I tried a spoonful of his broth and WOW it's actually really good and through out the meal he wouldnt shut up about how good it is. Not quite home made because everyone does it differently, his dad does it differently, my mom does it differently from my sister-in-law and i actually like my sister-in-law's version better than my mom but dont tell my mother that or she'll murder me.

Like everyone says Pho Bosa is the resurrection of Bosa 1. From my memory Bosa 1 was well known and loved for their broken rice plates. Seeing as they're back in business now and considerably closer than San Jose I'll be seeing them in the near future.
Yummy, yummy, yummy. I heard about this place but never took the time to actually go there since there aren't really any quality vietnamese restaurants in this town, so you can say that I gave up hope. Being half vietnamese myself and having a personal love and affection for vietnamese cuisine this place has rejuvenated my hopes again. My friend suggested this place last night so off we went and I had the Bun Rieu (personal favorite of mine) and holy sh!t was it delicious. As the waitress brought out my bowl I could smell that delicious broth from 10ft away, now that's saying something. Very rich broth and strong aroma, as well as a decent amount of the meat. I have to say that I was genuinely impressed. I will definitely be coming back very soon, probably tonight :) 

On to the other things, prices are reasonable considering how many viet establishments are on spring mountain. Service was suprisingly really good, almost like we were eating at an american restaurant. Usually service in these types of asian restaurants I have found to be horrible or subpar in my past experiences, definitely a plus for me. Restaurant is very clean, which is good. Interior in my opinion is very bland, almost feels like im eating at someones home where they just moved in so there is nothing inside but furniture. Could definitely use more life/flavor and interior decorations. Some viet music playing in the background would also be nice (they have the speakers installed.....) But I understand that this is a new location so maybe they will improve? Regardless of all that this place for me still deserves 5 stars, the most important aspects of food quality, customer service, and cleanliness have been checked off in my book. I highly recommend this place to everyone. Check it out, and maybe i'll see you there!
Okay...i promised in my previous review i was going back to try out the rice plate or the Bun Bo Hue...didnt exactly plan on going back the next day but hey what ever; go where life takes you right?

Left out from my previous review but dont feel like editing it. 
Number 15 on the drinks. Sua Dau Nanh La Dua (soy bean milk with pandan leaf)
It's been a long time since i've had soy bean milk and the kind with pandan leaf is a rare treat. So i was expecting a can of Yeo brand soya milk with pandan leaf that comes from Singapore i think. When they released this flavor i used to not drink a can but inhale a can. Anyway what i was brought out was in a togo container. Punching the straw through and taking a sip i realized that holy shit this is home made soy bean with pandan extract added. Nice!! not overly sweet but not bland either. Could have used more pandan leaf extract but i'm just weird like that.

Alright back to today. Well if i'm gonna order something with the intent to review it i might as well order it big:
Number 11. Tau Hu Ky, Bi Cha with number 16 Thit Nuong
(shrimp cake, shredded pork loin, pork quiche with additional grilled pork)

The portion size is pretty big and the meal itself was quite tasty and impressive. The grilled pork was the tastiest on the plate. Marinated quite well and the thin cuts absorbed enough seasonings to be both tasty but not dry and rubbery and doesn't get in those hard to reach places in your teeth.

Yup Bosa 1 is back and better then ever.
I'm so glad Bosa 1 is back. But they serve pho now, so it's called Pho Bosa. I really should wait until I try their pho and also make sure their Bun Bo Hue is still legit before I write this review. But what the heck. Pho Bosa is as good as it gets.

Yes, this is based on my one lunch visit today whereby I ordered the Bun Rieu and promptly proceeded to inhale it. Yes, their interior and exterior leave a ton to be desired. Yes, it's strange that you have to go outside to access the restrooms. Yes, they... actually that's all I can think of.

I'm definitely going back for the Bun Bo Hue.
If you are trying to decide where to go for Vietnamese food and are overwhelmed with all the options Vegas has to offer then allow me to make it easy for you.... go here!!! :)

This place not only has great food but it's very clean. The place is small but since it's quite hidden you won't have a problem being seated right away. It's truly a hidden gem. Glad I found it via yelp. :D

Went with the parents. They had the pho with everything in it and I had grilled pork chops with a fried egg. Both were really flavorful!!! 

Service was great too  Mimi was our server. She was super pleasant and was very attentive to us. Great customer service. I am definitely coming bacj the next time im un town.

 I say to be like Nike and just do it... eat at Bosa!
Bun Bo Hue was really good and oddly their Korean ribs were amazing.  You wouldn't regret it!
Came here last weekend when we were in Vegas. The first time I feel sort of duped by the Yelp reviews but I guess my bad for not double checking how many reviews there are really and that it's not enough for a good statistics, but we tried, and we failed. 

Bf and I go to San Gabriel a lot and their Viet food and selection are not bad, and Westminster area definitely is better every time we go. But I really can't see how this place is 5 stars, the only thing could be there's just not much Pho restaurants nearby to begin with and so there is not much to compare?

This place has got some bad service, rude. Seating you down and doesnt take your order for another 10 minutes. After ordering food took over 30 minutes to come out. And you know what is the most infuriating part? People that came in after us and ordered the same thing (the most common pho order) got their food first! That is seriously one of my biggest pet peeve. Some of us tried to order for the meat to come on the side instead of in the broth, and the server has the nerve to say they can't do it because their too busy, which obviously must be truth since the food seems like it was coming out in snail pace. I couldn't even enjoy the food I was in such a bad mood. The taste was okay, didn't see what the 5-star hype was about. Oh and in the end while we try to pay the bill, they used the iPad to sign for the credit card transactions and server/ manager was rude/strange? He said. "You can use any fingers to sign, any at all. Just no nails". Last I know from anatomy class, finger does not equal nail. What?!

As I re-read this, it sounds so harsh compared to the other glowing reviews. But I always call it for what it's worth, and it's not worth 5 stars at all. :(
Located at the east end of Chinatown. When I first walked in I saw the owner  of
owner of Bosa 1 formally on Jones ave.They relocated here and offer the same Bun Bo Hue and now offer Pho.

Being a BBH fan I didn't even consider Pho. The condiments are fresh and the broth here is yummy.  The place is clean and parking is a breeze and now they accept credit cards. 

Definitely will be back again.
My first time there with the family two weeks ago. There were five of us in one small table next to the restroom. We waited for an hour and only ice water came out. Seriously, how long does it take for the cook to make 5 bowls of pho??? The worse part was that the waiter didn't even try to come by and let us know that they're way behind. Unacceptable! I will tell all of my friends and other family member not to come to this place. We went to Kim Long and the wait were well worth it!
My family and I love this place. We have to go at least once a week. Kid friendly, reasonable prices and their food is great!
My wife is Vietnamese and whenever we are in Las Vegas (2-3 times a year) we invariably get burned out on all The Strip restaurants and buffets during our stay. That's when we head down Spring Mountain Road to Pho Bosa.

No matter what day of the week or what time of day or how busy Pho Bosa is, we can always get a table without much of a wait.

I usually have a big bowl of Beef Pho and my wife gets a rice dish and we add one of the noodle dishes. The food is always fast to come out of the kitchen and the order is always right. 

The servers/staff seem to have sort of assigned areas/station but actually they all take care of any table they pass, if you need anything.

The prices are not super cheap but the servings are ample and the quality is excellent. The food is delicious and authentic. So, I consider Pho Bosa an excellent value based on all merits.

It's amazing that I see some low reviews of Pho Bosa here on Yelp because I haven't experienced a bad meal there. I am either very lucky or the other folks here on Yelp are unlucky or perhaps people were in a bad mood on both sides of the table. Maybe it wasn't their day but for me; I love Pho Bosa.
I've been a big fan of Pho Bosa since they were called Bosa 1 back at their old location, and I am a fan because of they have consistently delicious food.  Apparently their fan base is growing and has followed them to the new location.  We went back about a week ago (to start off our wedding anniversary celebration) and it was cray cray in there!  We felt so bad because they didn't have enough staff to keep up with the demand!  One look at the staff - you could see that they were sweatin' bullets!  My point of this observation is that Pho Bosa usually has friendly service and consistent eats.  

Our usual fav's:
Bun Bo Hue
Bun Rieu
Nem Nuong Cuon!
Cafe Sua Da

I heart Pho Bosa.
Best Bun Bo Heo in town.
I also love shirmp cake. They make it perfect.
Most places over cook the shirmp cake.
For no fail and very good Vietnamese food come to Pho Bosa!! :))
As a former Californian, I was devastated after moving to Las Vegas. The Vietnamese food scene here is lackluster (but slowly improving). Luckily, I was quickly introduced to Bosa 1 for their amazing rice plates. Not long thereafter, I fell in love with their fantastic bun bo hue and bun rieu...just like my mom used to make!!

The portions are generous, the ingredients fresh and of superb quality. You can taste the homemade goodness in everything -- from the perfectly-cooked broken rice to the moist egg quiche to the amazing lemongrass bun bo hue broth.

I used to eat at the old location at least 2-3 times a week. And during their several-month hiatus/relocation, I was like a druggie on withdrawal. I *craved* a good rice plate, and I must've visited every single Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas to get my fix. But alas, I was met with disappointment EVERY SINGLE TIME. Needless to say, I was ecstatic when Pho Bosa reopened; it was like my dealer had teased me so I would want more, and I've definitely been back many times to reclaim that euphoria.

I work as a VIP concierge at a large upscale resort/casino on the Strip, and I'm often asked where to get pho/Vietnamese food. You can be sure I never send them to the TI(t)!! Every guest that had taken my advice has come back raving about the wonderful food, service and prices.

Bosa 1/Pho Bosa is the best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas, hands down! But don't just take my word for it; check out what these other local media outlets have to say:

http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2012/oct/03/vegas-best-vietnamese-back-and-better-ever/

http://www.eatinglv.com/2009/08/bosa-1-boffo-vietnamese/

http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2009/jul/09/bosa-truly-no-1/

With their new location comes extended open hours, credit card payments and a slightly larger dining area. The staff is still just as friendly and accommodating. Do note that they are closed on Wednesdays. If you're a lucky local or just a Vegas visitor, do not miss the chance to enjoy the great offerings at this humble but wonderful restaurant.

_________________________________________
And in response to Sandra C. from Encino, CA:
Honey, if you actually read the reviews like you claim you did, you'll notice that this is the reincarnation of their first store, Bosa 1. 

http://www.yelp.com/biz/bosa-1-las-vegas

How about you check out their nearly-100 high-ranked reviews there before making yourself look like an idiot. And another thing, I've worked at several businesses (large and small) where they use ipads for signing. Most people are STUPID and use their fingernails REGARDLESS of how much you emphasize to use their actual fingers. With your attitude, your bad experience must've been of your own making anyway. I feel sorry for you; it must be impossible to ever make you happy. Perhaps you should just go rejoin all the hipsters at Pho Kim Long, as that seems to be more your scene.
My first experience trying Vietnamese food and it was amazing. I enjoyed the calm atmosphere of the restaurant. And servers were wonderful, I absolute love when I go to a restaurant and the servers are knowledgeable about the food they are serving. You have my Five Stars, I recommend this restaurant to anyone who is in the Vegas area and they are looking for a Vietnamese restaurant, Pho Bosa is the place to be!
I was a fan of the old Bosa 1 so i had to check this new location, and needless to say, it lived up to the hype. 
I went there twice once for lunch and once late night. Both times the staff were very nice and helpful. They made suggestions and seemed genuinely happy to be there.
I had the rice plate which was pretty good, but not a world beater. The bun bo hue on the other hand is to die for. The meat is so tender and juicy I could eat it for days. 
However the only thing I wasnt very high on was the shrimp cakes. I'd heard they were good and they tasted fine but waaay too greasy.
This place definately gets two thumbs up from this  foodie :D
I'm from San Francisco and eat Pho 4 times a week in the tenderloin. This place is the real deal.
Service is pretty prompt. Though, both times that I went, it was pretty empty. Area isn't too good for them, I'd say. They answer any and all questions that you have and if you don't get how their combo works, they'll be more than happy to explain everything. Seems to know their stuff, that's for sure.

I got #40 Thit Nuong (egg rolls, shredded pork loin, egg quiche, and grilled pork = it's a broken rice plate platter thing). 
-- Egg quiche wasn't my thing but I really liked the egg rolls. Everything else was just eh. Nothing stood out here. I guess broken rice isn't my thing. 

On my second visit, I tried their #71 Pho Dac Biet.
I actually enjoyed the meat but as far as the noodles go.. bleh. I was just putting the hoisin sauce on it because it didn't taste good without it. The noodles were disappointing.

They also use square for their CC payments so you can hook up an account on squareup.com to use square wallet to pay.
Pho Bosa is definitely a local treasure when it comes to home-style Vietnamese grub.  I reviewed this humble eatery based on the merits of their Bun Bo Hue back in their old location (Bosa 1) and since their move have had the opportunity to sample additional selections including Bun Rieu and their broken rice plates, and have never been disappointed.  

Bun Bo Hue- rustic and spicy lemongrass beef broth with chewy round bucatini-like rice noodles and a complex assortment of flavors and textures from the plethora of meat components (beef shank, pork knuckle, beef tendon, ginger infused pork blood cake) topped with an array of crunchy shredded cabbage and fresh herbs), no mouthful is the same from start to finish.  Definitely the best rendition in town.   

Bun Rieu- an umami tsunami of chicken broth with thin rice vermicelli, fried tofu, fresh tomato, and a mixture of crabmeat /egg topped with crispy shallots, green onion.  Served piping hot, this is an optimal winter dish with a lot of minimally "masticatory" (for lack of a better made-up word) components meant to be swirled together on the tongue with interplay of sweet, savory, and even floral (there is some mystery herb in this soup that is reminiscent of shiso leaf).

Broken rice plates- It may sound like the aftermath of a Greek wedding, but these are the Vietnamese cousins of the American meat and 3 sides.  The rice are fractured grains broken during the cleaning/harvesting of the rice, originally considered peasant food, but now having a wave of popularity due to its unique texture and flavor evoking the nuttiness of basmati and the butteriness of arborio in a solid risotto.   Accompanying the rice is a savory shrimp cake wrapped in impossibly crispy tofu skin, a delicate egg quiche, shredded pork loin, some pickled veggies and your protein of choice (I recommend the Korean beef short ribs or the grilled pork chop).  Drizzle all the above with their fish sauce made in house, and you will not want to stop eating until the last grain of rice is scooped off the plate.  

Don't forget to partake in the free fountain drink with checking in on Yelp and credit cards are accepted!
Finally!  We were able to try the food at Pho Bosa..well, at least this location.

I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and Earl ordered the vermicelli with the eggroll, shrimp cake, and pork patty.

The Bun Bo Hue was nice and spicy.  What I enjoy the most about Bun Bo Hue is the tender pork hocks.  Although there were only two small pieces, they were tender.  However, the flavor of the bun bo hue did not come through.  They were tasteless pieces of pork hocks.  I have to make sure I have spoonfuls of the soup before I eat the pork hocks. Otherwise, the soup is fragrant and delicious.

I tried Earl's food and there were tons of flavor in his bowl of yum yum stuff.   The eggroll was nice and crispy, the shrimpcake was tasty, and nem nuong (pork patty) was perfect.  We made our mixture of dipping sauce and put tons of sambal and voila!  I will order this next time!

We will definitely return.
Good Pho. The staff was friendly and the broth was good.
I dont really do Vietnamese food, considering all the viet restaurants we have here in chinatown. I gave in and went and tried pho bosa, i got to say.... they have THE BEST pork chop broken rice dish.. u have to order it with the shrimp cake...omg, its so good talking about it is making me salivate!! lol MUST TRY!! 
Everyone keeps talking about pho bosa having the best bon bo hue, i tried that also.... it was OK. nothing special or different than other viet restaurants. i must say this place is pretty pricey for viet food, but the rice dish is totally worth it... and their portions are bigger than normal...
The service is alright and it's a really long wait for the food. I had a party of 11 but I didn't mind waiting a while for tables and I was find with two tables. It wasn't necessary for them to tell this table to get up and move to a different table. 

The pho was alright it wasn't the best nor the worst. It took 40 minutes just for one bowl to arrive. And the place wasn't even crowed. I won't be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
So I'm basically ridiculous and decided to walk here from the Strip even though Las Vegas is NOT a walking city. This involved a weird detour-ladden walk (~2.5 miles!) that included walking across a highway. It was cold, treacherous, and totally worth it. 

But take my advice: don't walk. Just take a cab. Seriously. Unless you're also ridiculous, in which case, hi!! :) :) :)

The service was awesome, though I think our waiter isn't one of the full-time ones. He asked if we had been there before, and when we told him we hadn't, he explained all the dishes to us and gave us his recommendations!

We got the #11 broken rice combo with grilled pork, which was absolutely delicious. I haven't had "shrimp cake" before, but it was oh-so-good in all the right ways.

We also got the Bun Bo Hue, which was very flavorful and delicious. (I did my research and tried this at another restaurant before posting this review, and while the other restaurant's food was yummy, the Bun Bo Hue here was the winner!) The waiter described this to us as "spicy soup".

Bun Rieu was also very good (waiter just called this "crab soup").

[[The waiter kept checking on us at this point to ask if we needed a box, since we were a party of 2 and had ordered 3 entrees. We finished them. Cuz we're awesome. I think he was confused.]]

The waitress that was working that night processed our bill on an iPad. We asked about which taxis were good, but I think she got confused because she just left without responding. The waiter that had been helping us came back later to refill our waters and offered to call us a cab when he figured out that we didn't have a car.

Five stars for service and food!
Was quite disappointed with this restaurant! After reading some good reviews about this place, I decided to take my family for some Pho cause I was really craving for it. As we were getting ready to order...the waitress notified us that they had no pho at the moment. How can they not have any pho...when they specialize in "Pho" and isn't that why their name is "Pho Bosa"? If the waitress would have told us as soon as we walked in, we could have gone else where for some pho. On top of that, the food that were ordered where not all that great. The only reason why I gave this store a 3 is because the staffs were very friendly! I don't think I'll be coming back again!
It was a sad day when Bosa 1 closed, but I'm glad they're finally back as Pho Bosa. They still have some of the best affordable food in town and portions that will satisfy the hungriest of appetites. The broken rice is like tiny little morsels of heaven. The dishes are as good as I remember with the grilled pork, Korean short ribs, and shrimp cakes being some of my favorites. The bún is just as amazing as the rice. I haven't tried the pho yet but that gives me another reason to come back.
WORST SERVICE EVER! I've only had to walk-out of a restaurant twice in my adulthood and this was one place I'll never forget. 

It's a given! Pho is a great hangover remedy, my friends and I visited pho bosa cause per Yelp, it was new and had great ratings. We had a large party and was immediately greeted by:

"You guys CANT sit together at one table but I still have to charge you the gratuity"

I was already agitated by their welcoming greeting, and after I politely asked why, the waiter forced me to speak to the owner, I'm fine with that. However, the owner was the one who went overboard. 

He exclaimed his frustration about my disagreement to pay the group gratuity even though we sat separately. Usually when you have big groups, you want them on separate checks to speed up the service. The disgruntled owner had the balls to say: "You don't want to seem like an asshole to your friends to get your food first and have them wait for a 'long' time, would you?"

I couldnt believe how unprofessional and unamicable the owner was. He tried explaining a bunch of other useless chatter, but I just decided to take the business to another pho restaurant down the street.  I can't understand why the owner pushes a gratuity charge on large parties when this place IS NOT BIG ENOUGH to seat parties of 4 or more!!! 

Pho Bosa didn't have much of a crowd there and its built in a sketchy industrial area, probably isn't safe there anyway. We also chose this place cause we wanted to give them some business. I'm a firm supporter of small business owners as I am one myself.  But I guess this was decided otherwise. 

One thing I also found really bizarre was that the owner was non-Asian, I don't know, but I think Asian owned pho joints will taste much better. LOL. Just and observation. By the way, most of the other reviews on here are bogus.
I'll leave this review at a 3/5 because I didn't actually eat anything other then spring rolls, but my friends raved about their bun rieu being really delicious. Like .... THE BEST .. they've ever had "delicious".

Oddly enough no one in our group ordered the pho, which Pho Bosa takes time and effort to make, rather then have it all already set like majority of the pho restaurants one will go to. Think of them as the Jack in the Box of Pho? Your meal isn't made until ordered.

With that said, wait time is long (if busy). Rather 5-7 minutes, look for 15-20 minutes. May I also add this place is fishy? It's in a complex full of office buildings. And pricing is ridiculously expensive. $2-3 more.
Pho Bosa is a hole in the wall type authentic Vietnamese restaurant, which is exactly what we were looking for.  You could tell they don't get many tourists here because they asked if it was our first time, offered to wrap up our leftovers, and said "see you next time!" as we left.  This made me like this place immediately.  Overpriced tourist traps (the opposite of Pho Bosa) were exactly what we were trying to avoid.

I've been to Vietnam and it has my favorite food anywhere in the world, and prices about 1/20th of what you'll pay at any hole in the wall in the US, so it's hard for me to give anywhere 5 stars.  I also have to dock some points because the reason we chose Pho Bosa was for the wrap it yourself spring roll platter and they didn't have it available.  But the food that we did have was delicious..

We ordered the:
Vietnamese Salad Noodle Bowl with Chicken Sausage
Chicken Sausage Vietnamese Spring Roll
Tofu Vietnamese Spring Roll
Vermicilli Shrimp Crab Soup

If I lived in Las Vegas I would be here all the time.

Note that the restroom facilities aren't the best.. they are outside the restaurant and not the most hygienic.. but hey, it's a hole in the wall restaurant.
I came here with a group of 9 on a Saturday night. It's a bit out of the way so we drove/took a taxi there.

Pretty good for Vegas but I can get pho better than this anywhere back home. I wish there was more fatty flank. Broth was pretty good.

We got various types of spring rolls, some with sausage, some fried vegetarian. These were also pretty decent.

I also got an iced Vietnamese coffee that was decent. For some reason the restroom is located outside the restaurant around the back.
Not been feeling great of late and perfect remedy nice bowl of Pho! I thought myself perfect time too try Pho Bosa heard so many great things from my fellow yelpers. Am in! Talk about some tasty Pho! I never been expert on Pho most of the places I gone is the similar style or region. I know the Bun Bo Hue is from different region and never had it before. Talk about nice kick. Dam! If need spicy broth too open your pours more or sick in general this is the Pho too get. I normally put some red roster sauce and stuff in my broth. The depth of flavor in the Bun Bo Hue no need for any condiments just the garnish of shredded cabbage and squeeze of fresh lime. The size of the Pho is pretty big for the large barely finish it. The noodles are more like udon style then the thin rice noodles. The amount of meat and goodies inside endless bowl. Awesome. Pho Bosa has some amazing rice plates too just not gotten around too. The kalbi sure looks like winner. 

The service was on it. I know this might be trivial but every time go too Pho place comes too napkins only get one or two at most. Small one. At Pho Bosa you get basket with your silverware and nice BIG napkins plenty of so no need too ask for more. It different nice touch comes too service. The inside decor is nothing special but nice. They do have one tv happens too be on vietnamese channel and think they playing some music too. 

Overall say Pho Bosa might have taking over top spot for Pho in my heart. Sure plan on coming back on trying more of the dishes. Especially there Kalbi or any of the rice plate combinations.
So after not only going second time try the regular Pho had too come back third time check out the broken rice plates. Talk about unreal delicious! I got the scaled down version by one item I believe but the highlight or thing most looking forward too besides the Short RIbs (Kalbi) was the quiche. Now it been while since I had any kind of quiche. Vietnamese restaurant? Who would have thought be without question best little piece of quiche ever had in Vegas. There also was the spring rolls that was not only cooked too perfection, nice crispy on outside till golden brown, and filling hot moist and again delicious on the inside. Not even talking about shredded pork along with couple sliced cucumbers and kind of carrot salad. Soo much going on with all these components on any of the broken rice plates. All that is going on what truly stands OUT is each part could see having whole plate of just by itself!!!!! Talk about filling any one of these broken rice plates sure getting  money worth. I not able too finish all my rice because really the whole bottom of the plate or just about had rice. Me growing up on rice loving every scoop of it!  The Kalbi might not be as meaty as other more local style restaurants but smaller ones feel so much more flavor packed in it. The marinade they do is fabulous! Not too sweet but just the right amount of balance. Broken rice plates see lot more in my future.

The service yet again on top of it. They were even helpful came too my first time ordering broken rice dish explaining too me use the fish sauce over the rice and the shredded pork. I would have never thought of if they never suggested it! It small place but think started up right now never bad time too go. So if never been too Pho Bosa you should give it try. Between the different types of Pho and Broken Rice Plates that all you need!!
Not a bad pho place in Chinatown, Las Vegas.  It's in the middle of a office building complex, so it's not that easy to find.  Of course, I ordered the pho.

The good: very strong beefy flavor, very generous portions of beef, double than other pho places, beef very sliced very thin and was tender.

The bad: a bit on the salty side, the spice flavor was very subtle (star anise, cinnamon, etc.) which was probably overwhelmed by the beef flavor.  Price was a bit higher and it takes a little longer for the food to come out.

If you like pho with a strong beef flavor, this is your place.
Been there last night. Did enjoy the food.Service can be better. LIKE
Hm....am I missing something here? 

Came by after Kabuto since I left still kind of hungry.

Ordered a large pho with steak, brisket, tendon and flank. The serving size is rather large, with lots of noodles and a small portion of meat.

The bean sprouts and basil were very fresh and clean which was a huge plus. 

Pho:
Soup was bland, basically hot water.....I don't get why it took 15 minutes.
Meat was super tender and good quality, I wished there was more
Noodles were on the softer side, but they gave a large portion of it.
Odd location, it is next to a biker bar...and honestly doesn't even look like a restaurant from the outside, the complex itself looks like office building. The place isn't that big, but it can accommodate big parties and what not. From the outside to the inside, place looks boring, it honestly looks like the old ass restaurants you see on Restaurant: Impossible, where Robert Irvine has to pretty much go in there and tear it apart. So yes the restaurant looks boring, and yes it is the definition of a hole in the wall, so I'd assume the food was going to be great..but the pho was just pretty decent; I ordered the pho tai bo vien which comes with rare steak and beef balls. I like that the beef balls weren't tiny and that this place actually give quite a few, and the rare steak was actually rare steak. The broth was so so, wasn't superb, and wasn't shit, just ok. Orders come out slow, but they tell you that on a sign saying something about freshness and made to order.....then again, pho broth does take more than 20 mins to make and everything else; noodles, meat, veggies are all add ins so freshness is very vague lol.
I come here for lunch from time to time... the best food comes from best and freshly cut ingredients, so don't expect the soup to be ready in 2 minutes after you place the order... expect a very delicious fresh meal....

Mostly I'm ordering the Combination Soup which has all their possible meat, I wish they would have a lunch special tho, I would have come more often...

The review for this place are mixed, but I would still recommend it, I'm sure most the people will like it, so you should give the place a shot....
Great food for a great price. I love pho and this place definitely makes the grade
I don't understand why we didn't make this our first stop when we drove into Vegas.  Pulling into the place, it really does not look like it's a restaurant and it's surprising it's still around.  But when you walk in, rest assured that this is the most authentic Vietnamese food you can get in Vegas.  We had our first Vietnamese meal in one of the hotels on the strip and were sorely disappointed (I'll review their butts later when I remember what it was called).  The Vegas hotel/casino had Filipino fish sauce, unmixed, for the pork chop.  The pork chop was poorly seasoned, and the bean sprouts were BROWN.  WTF.  

But Bosa, omG.  Having driven 10 hours from San Jose, CA to get here, it was a blessing to have it before we went back onto the road to come back.  The food here is as authentic as the Bay Area if not better.  We had pho, bun rieu, and com suon.  The smell, texture, everything was right.  I was jumping for joy because the mints and bean sprouts were FRESH, CRISP.  And we sat there thinking, where the hell do you grow this kind of thing in the middle of a desert?  Beautifully hefty portions of top round, tendon, beef stomach, *drool ....* And they had all the mints - all of them!  Where do you get that here?????

Service is fast, it comes out piping hot, and the coffee is Vietnamese style to the last drop.  And even in Vegas, this place is cheaper than some places in the Bay Area, gladly takes credit card (most hardcore Asian places here don't).  3 of us plus coffee was like $30 after tip - BEAUTIFUL.  Next time we go, we're going here first.  We're picky because we are spoiled from having easy access to good Vietnamese food here.  

I saw a couple of negative reviews about this place - you guys are smoking crack.  This place is authentic, really.  This is coming from a guy who eats in Little Saigon in the Bay and in SoCal.
Cho nay gio lam. Nuoc leo khong ngon gi ca va lai mat tien. $8.25 mot to pho va cho lau lac gan het 30 phut moi co do an.
I would give ths place 4.5 stars. Went here today on my lunch break from work. I am new in town and didn't have trouble finding it. 

I did a take out order, it was ready within about 10 minutes from my call. The staff was friendly from the phone to the time I left with my food.

Generous portion, nice flavors and a lot of steak in the pho which was nice and the meat was tender. A lot of places skimp on the steak.

My only critique (otherwise it would've been 5 stars) would be I needed more lime. I am a big fan of the flavor of lime in my soup and I only got one slice which just wasn't enough. 

I will definitely return!
Omg... The best service ever. The food was delicious specially the sea food soup. The price is good too.
The place is awesome. Spring rolls and egg rolls and pho were so tasty
went here at 2pm-ish on st. patty's day/ must've just missed the lunch rush bc it was completely empty.  combination pho (71) was very good. broth had a lot of flavor. it was slightly... mintier? (i think)... than other pho places i've been to but it was still very good.

got an iced coffee as well, but it was smaller than i expected.  usually i think places give 16 oz, but this looked like 10 oz. still good though.

location is kinda in the middle of nowhere, but i'm guessing most people don't have trouble finding it.  i took the 203 bus from the strip on sands/spring mountain rd and the place is right after your cross over the bridge (rt 15).  pull to request the stop right after you cross over as you could miss the stop (right after the adult superstore) and then the bus doesn't stop until valley view, which requires you to walk back a little bit.
After spending a few days in Vegas eating casino food, we really needed to have a home cooked - non buffet - meal. So we searched Yelp for suggestions and found Pho Bosa. We were exploring town so it was close to where we were, in the Rio area, found several places but Yelp gave the place a good review so we went in. We were early for dinner but was surprised that it was empty, but they had several people waiting for their to go items.

We were immediately seated, asked if we had any questions, both staff - the owners we found out, were very friendly and made the right recommendations, which we took them up on. 

There were four of us so we had a good variety and tasted each other's food. Everything was awesome!! The meat was tender and tasty - had both beef and pork. The rice was flaky, a little sticky, just right. We also had the noodles. Love the fact we can make our own sauce and as much as we wanted. All our dishes had the eggroll. We were going to go for desert but we were too full. The plates were very generous. They were very attentive and friendly. We will definitely come back again the next time we're in town, which is August of this year.

Prices were very reasonable. Let's just say, for the cost of one person's buffet dinner meal, we paid for the entire meal here. And to top it off, we were very satisfied whereas the last two day's worth of meals at the casino were not the greatest. We are definitely keeping this place in mind because I can't eat a week's worth of casino meals especially knowing that just off the strip are home cooked meals.
Pho was below average, bun bo hue was delicious, and the  com suon nuong was excellent!  Thai tea didn't really have a lot of flavor so I was disappointed. Also, the egg rolls were really bland.  I wish their fish sauce, the nuoc mam, had more flavor to it, add a little spice, some garlic, and green onions and it'll taste a lot better. 

The service was great though!
Very delicious! I had a the typical beef noodle soup and pork chop and rice special.  The broth was very flavorful.  It's better than what I can get in New York.  The service was great also.
Do not come here.  

I was in vegas for our family trip and my family always insists on getting Vietnamese food, despite all the other food to choose from in vegas.  We yelped a pho place, but it was closed down so we found ourselves at Pho Bosa.

When we entered the restaurant we were rudely greeted and said we would have to wait for a seat in their small and dirty restaurant.  When we were seated the waitress was also rude to us as well.  To make things worse, they have these signs on their walls that basically states you are not in a fast food restaurant so be patient for your food.  Obviously, if you are at a restaurant there will be a wait and it's pretty unnecessary for them to post that sign.

I ordered bun bo hue which was decent for vegas.  

The gentleman that came to bus our tables after we ate and he asked me if I like my bun bo hue with a native tone and it confused me for a bit because he didn't look Vietnamese.   In any case, wish we encountered him earlier because he was friendlier than the rest of the people that work there.
Top quality food for a price that won't put your wallet on diet!
In a rather small room-type restaurant, not far from the infamous Strip, Pho Bosa it's somehow part wizard-part mom food server!
Just yesterday I had a nice portion of Gà Nuóng(Grilled chicken), along with some egg rolls, rice and vermicelli noodles.Amazing food, you can clearly differentiate the strong flavors, the portion are very big and the staff is very polite and helpful.The inside decor it's quite raw, but as I realized, many of their customers are coming for the Pho, the perfect remedy for hangovers after a long drinking night, so the surrounding won't be a problem.What I don't like is that the drinks are coming in transparent plastic cups instead of real glass ones, but this minor issue won't make me give them less than 5 stars.
Just remember, you're not going there for a J.Robuchon or Ramsay experience, you're going in there for a 20-30 minutes fulfilling, tasty meal .Just love to see this kind of small businesses around!
Thank you guys!
Came here for lunch with my brother yesterday. The service is fast a friendly. The food is fresh and tasty. We ordered the bun bo hue, Pork spring rolls, The peanut sauce for the spring rolls was excellent. I also ordered a grilled chicken plate over rice with 2 egg rolls. The rice is cooked perfectly. The portions were very generous. The staff is very attentive. My favorite  Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas!

Will be coming back soon for another lunch hour!
I arrived for lunch and tried the Bun Rieu instead of my regular Bun Bo Hue. I like this new location compared to the old one BC parking is convenient and the restaurant is larger but still quaint.

The Bun Rieu is in the $9.00 range but the flavor and ingredients are top notch. Generous amounts of crab meat, tomato's, yummy noodles and a killer hroth. Service from the male waiter and I think owners husband is friendly and speaks Vietnamese but sure doesn't look Vietnamese.

I've yet to try the Pho here so I have another reason to return here next time I'm in town.
Best Vietnamese food I've ever had. The customer service was amazing. The staff was extremely knowledgable and more then willing to explain anything. Try the hot lavender tea or the homemade hot soy milk you won't regret it.
This place ROCKS!! The noodles were the perfect chewy and the broth delicious. Lots of meat too! I eat pho all over the US and this was the best so far!!  Not a fancy place and location weird  hence 4 stars
The menu is compact and small. Came here for dinner. The service was good, lots of vegetables. The chicken soup was good, but wished it had more meat though.
Pho was below average, bun bo hue great, and the rice dish that I ordered, the com suon nuong, was excellent!  Thai tea didn't really have a lot of flavor so I was disappointed. Also, the egg rolls were really bland.  I wish their fish sauce, the nuoc mam, had more flavor to it, add a little spice, some garlic, and green onions and it'll taste a lot better. 

The service was great!
Somewhere along the line, I believe I yelped this place before. But they have since moved to a newer location on polaris road, very near to my workplace. Why I havent visited this place for a while. Dont ask me.

But, they do have the best nem nuong in las vegas. Me and my wife stopped by because she was craving some good pho. I told her, look, we always go to pho kim long, lets try something new.

We came in and somehow this place look familiar. Apparently they moved from their spring mountain and jones area. So we sat down and talk to moses the friendly server who knows all his craft and roundabout on vietnamese food. 

We were pleasantly surprised and enjoyed our conversation with moses since he is a food connoiseur like us. Their food are great. I would definetely be back soon.
"Dude, you stink.  No time for a shower?" says my Mid West, non Asian poker bud as he gets into the car.

"What the?!?" I take personal hygiene seriously unlike the average poker player.

"Yeah, you smell like an Asian; 'lemongrassy'." he continues and laughs.

"You can get out and walk you know".  OK so it was true that I just finished one of Pho Bosa's  delicious specialties, Bun Bo Hue, a spicy bowl of collagen laced, beef, lemongrass noodle soup with ginger infused pork blood cake, melting beef tendons, well braised shank, topped with  raw onions, unusual herbs, and the zing of lime.  The perfect balance of sweet, sour, savory, spicy.

Not to be overshadowed, the Bun Rieu (Shrimp and crab soup with vermicelli rice noodles).  Complex flavors from fermented fish sauce, a concentrated chicken broth and shrimp stock,  acidic kick of tomatoes, vibrancy from cilantro, bitterness of green onions and fried tofu for body.  It's just good eats.

Com Tam (broken rice) plates are interesting.  Remember, this is Southeast Asian cooking, everything is overcooked by American standards.  Choose the sides (good egg roll, rubbery quiche and shrimp cake) and a meat (deeply marinated Korean style short ribs, dry pork chop, thin slices of soft beef, flavorful grilled chicken).  Done.  The rice itself is different texturally thanks to smaller grains cooking faster than unbroken grains and starch being released throughout.  Definitely worth a try.

Finally the pho.  A powerhouse of heavily extracted beef flavor and spices.  Heavy mouth feel.  Excellent.

Typical Asian service (you know what I mean).  Reasonable prices.
Awesome, definitely coming back.
Definitely worth it to take a trip off the strip to his up this small vietnamese joint.  The broken rice pork dish with quiche was one of the best vietnamese dishes I've ever had.   We even took a few extra orders to eat in our hotel room so we wouldn't have to drive back to spring mountain later in the evening.   Service was good, but just give them some time to prepare your food, it'll be worth the wait.
Appreciate the new location as it is bigger and better than their old one.

Best bun rieu ever. No questions asked.

Friendly and engaging staff too :)
My favorite place!
Last year, a sad day had fallen upon the Las Vegas community when word of Bosa 1, the amazing Vietnamese restaurant, would be closing its doors. To many peoples, including myself, this restaurant opened my eyes to the "other" world of Vietnamese cuisine... one which did not include pho. Here was the first time I had tried broken rice, bbq, and stir fried noodle dishes, that I have since tried at many other restaurants, but have not seen executed to the same high standard. What I missed most about Bosa 1 was that they did make, without a doubt, the best Bun Bo Hue in the Valley.

I was ecstatic to hear that the owner's were opening a new restaurant in Las Vegas called Pho Bosa, which would carry all of the items that Bosa 1 carried, as well as pho. Having procrastinated enough (they have been open for several months), I decided to check out the new location.

Pho Bosa is located on the intersection of Spring Mountain and Polaris. It is right next door to the 702 bar (for now anyways.. that bar has also been the Bikini Bar, and previously before that, the Sand Dollar Blues Lounge) There is plenty of parking, and you really can't miss the sign. After coming in, I was seated immediately by the hospitable host/server. After quickly looking over the menu, I knew exactly what I wanted. It was the dish I was missing the most.. Bun. Bo. Hue. I got a fried egg roll for an extra 1.50. After receiving my water and little side dish of thai basil, bean sprouts, and lime for my soup, my spring roll and soup was brought to me shortly thereafter. 

Egg Roll - crispy wonton shell with pork and veggies on the inside. The flavors tasted really well balanced and the shell wasn't too greasy. A little bit small, but tasted good.

Bun Bo Hue - For many of you who have never eaten anything but pho, and really want to try some of the other dishes of Vietnam (and have a liking for spicy foods), I really urge you to try Bun Bo Hue. At Pho Bosa, they make it really well. You can taste the ginger, lemongrass and shrimp in the broth. The chili oil that is mixed in the broth gives it a nice kick! The noodles are more thicker and rounder than ones you see in pho. The beef was tender, and so were the pig's knuckles. Don't be too put off by the congealed pigs blood. It doesn't have a metallic taste you find in beef blood, and IMO, the flavor was very neutral, almost like a tofu. One knock, I wish the broth could have been saltier (but maybe that's because i've been eating a lot ramen in the past year.. it has increased my sodium resistance).

Can't wait to come back and try their broken rice, and grilled specialties. I'm also curious to try their pho, and see how it stacks up against other pho places. The service here was also good.
After a crazy night of drinking, my boyfriend and I were hungover (beyond repair - I guess we are getting old). 

I desperately wanted a cure, coconut water? pho? anything please! We thought maybe we can stomach a bowl of pho. Anyway, we got some spring rolls, coconut water and pho. 

The food was pretty good. The staff is EXTREMELY FRIENDLY. He saw we were in pain and made us lemon soda with sugar to help with our hangovers - I am not sure if it was a placebo effect, but it definitely helped! It seemed to help until we got back to the hotel - yup, definitely getting old. 

Great staff and great food!
This place takes way too long to serve your food. I understand things are being made fresh but waiting 30+ minutes for a bowl of pho is an oxymoron. 

If this place had shorter serve-times, I'd give this place 4 stars. The nem nuong cuon was delicious and had a nice crispness to it.

I had the BBH and was pleased. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was nevertheless good. Tried my friends pho and it ranks pretty high in pho I've had.
Good food, not to far from strip. And cheaper then most places around. Food is a little different then what I'm use to in Vancouver which is also cheaper. Place looks a bit sketchy, but who cares, food is good!
We weren't interested in the expensive buffets on the strip. My daughter suggested pho.  Thank goodness for Yelp or we would never have found this jewel!  We got there early and were concerned that the place was empty.  Glad we arrived early because when we were done, the place was packed.  The food was fantastic and the prices were so much more reasonable than anything on the strip. Try #11 with the grilled pork loin and noodle bowl. Outstanding!
best spot in town for spicy beef noodle soup and combination plate of broken rice w choices of meat. The owner is very friendly n take good care of us every time we dine there. would def recommend this place !
Whenever I am in Vegas, I hit this place up. The last time I was here was 2 years ago in their old location, and now this location is closer to the strip.   Yay.  

The thing I always get is their spring rolls which has the crunchy egg roll shell in it..love the texture and their special sauce.  I don't get this in San Francisco, so it is always a treat to get it here.

We ordered the bun bo hue with mild spice, but damn it was still spicy or me.   The noodles in there was different and loved it..it was not your thin rice noodles but alittle thicker but not like ho fun.  

The reason I come back is the service.  He heard my lips were burning and he brought me a sugar mixture that said it will help bring the heat down.  I mean he didn't have to do it, but that was awesome-ness.  I will always be back.
Was not disappointed at all!!! Must go to this place if you're craving Vietnamese food. It was a little sketchy at first because there were broken beer bottles in the parking lot, we were the only ones in the restaurant, and the surroundings were somewhat questionable, BUT amazing service, we felt loved and also the food was delicious! Will be returning to this place next time I go to Vegas !!
My friend and I went there after the night of party - the place was dead we literally went there 30 min after they opened.. people started to walk in and it got busier. Pho was pretty good and service was very good also.
Awesome Vietnamese food!  I go here every time I visit Las Vegas and it is always superb.  The noodles like bun Bo hue are terrific and very unique, the rice dishes always hit the spot.
Seriously the best service I've received in a very long time. I ordered what the server recommended and everything was absolutely phenomenal. Will definitely be back again and again.

Forgive me for not having proper combo names;
Pork Summer Rolls: really good, fresh tasting. The veggies were crumchy and the sausage was flavorful. The peanut sauce was a nice touch as well. Not a thick thai-satay style sauce, but thin with a touch of vinegar. 
Grilled Chicken platter with shrimp cake and egg roll: AMAZING. Can chicken really taste this good? I wasn't sure that I'd like the shrimp cake at first, but the taste was amazing- not at all mushy like I had expected. The egg roll left much to be desired, but I overlooked that.
Combination Pho: Brisket, raw thin sliced beef, tendon, and beef balls. The soup was really nice and light- perfect if you like your soup plain or gives you plenty of room for "improvement" if you like mixing your soup to taste. 

The service was what really put this place over the top. Our server, I regret not to have asked his name, not only helped me choose every aspect of my meal but also helped to mix the sauce that went over the dish and give me tips on how I'm supposed to eat it. Really nice guy.
Really liked there combo. This restaurant was hard to find good luck finding it but, if u find place u won't b disappointed.
Found this place on yelp. Thanks yelpers for the recommendation on this place. I was attracted to this place due to the fact that they have nem nuong on the menu, but came to soothe my hang over with some soup. We ordered the bun bo hue, bun rieu, nem nuong, and egg rolls. First off let me say, this vietnamese joint has the best I mean the best service any vietnamese restaurant has to offer. Our waitress was nice, attentive, and didn't have his thumb in my soup when he dropped it off. We actually got our waters filled without having to wave someone down. The fact that he treated us with such great service and knowing that we are not regulars made me become more of a fan. The nem nuong was rolled freshly when we ordered and came out quickly. It was very good. The dipping sauce was on point. The egg rolls came with noodles, lettuce and vietnamese herbs to roll and dip. They gave us individual sauce bowls so there will be no double dipping. I got the bun bo hue and my soup came out super hot which I loved. The broth was amazing, just the right amount spice, good meat to noodles ratio. I usually have to add so much to my broth to make it the way I want it. But not with this place, all I had to do was add my herbs and veggies and eat. I tasted my hubs bun rieu and that too was amazing. I'm really glad I found out about this place, this will be our new to go to place when we're in Vegas. Btw everything is made fresh to order so there might be a wait for your food. But who cares about 15 mins when you get amazing food and service.
Best bun bo hue in town. Super spicy and super delicious.

It's not for the faint of heart.

On top of that you get great and friendly service.
Our last day in Vegas, we decided to try Viet food and this Pho Bolsa come up in Yelp with all the "best food", "excelent food", "friendly service" and all so we came. The broth was plain, tasted like simply water, noodles were still hard like they just poured hot water through, rare beef was dry, not to mention fatty brisket smell......idk... different. I agree with the good and friendly service part though I won't come back again.
Located on the side of the orange-ish strip mall across the street from Zombie Apocalypse is this wonderful place for pho. We were welcomed with a smile as soon as we walked in.

We got a #74 pho tai, a #76 bun bo hue and a side of grilled pork. The tea here tastes much better than the other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to. Their noodle soup bowls here are huuuuge. Just like any other place, you get a plate of bean sprouts, lime wedges, basil and jalapeno

Pho Tai:
Rice noodle (vermicelli) soup with rare steak. I like to put Hoisin sauce, 2 slices of jalapeno and juice from a lime wedge on my pho. The broth was tasty and LOTS of meat. I love it! 5/5

Bun Bo Hue:
Spicy beef noodle soup with beef shank, cubes of cooked pork blood with ginger, pork, lemon grass broth. Think Tom Yum soup from a Thai restaurant but way spicier.  I've had this many years ago but the pork blood and spiciness of this soup scared the heck out of me. Their version tastes better and "cleaner" although I'm still scared of pork blood. This is actually a very good soup. My friend loves spicy food and even he thinks this was real spicy. 5/5

I can't complain about the service. The servers were very attentive and they're always asking "you guy do ok?" OK! Just make sure you call first before coming here, we were supposed to be here a few days before but for some reason, they were closed even if they were supposed to be open according to the days/hours outside the door and on their Yelp page.
Great food and great service. I forgot my sunglasses and the server chased after our car to return it.
I'm not a fan of pho, but when your friend is nursing a hangover (which you are mostly responsible for) you step up and suggest a pho meal to help ease the nausea and overall feeling of death that a hangover brings (otherwise known as a successful night of debauchery)

what i ate:
- chinese sausage spring rolls: om nom nom. Growing up with many Chinese friends, I have a total soft spot for Chinese sausages. These spring rolls were so delicious! The flavors and textures were all there! The rolls had this crunchy deep fried roll behind the sausage, giving this a great crunch. The house peanut sauce was delicious!
- combo: egg rolls, shrimp cake, grilled pork sausage (#25): the egg rolls were crispy, the shrimp cake nice and crispy, the sausage nice and meaty. This made me so happy while I was eating it, even if my friend was sadly struggling to eat her pho across the table from me

Pros:
- food! I can't speak for the pho, but the rolls and rice dish I had was delicious! 
- service: they were surprisingly busy for a late Monday morning, but they tried their best, which I appreciated. They were also very tech savvy taking payment with their iPad.
- price is decent

Cons:
- small so I could see how there would be a wait for this place

Would I come again? Sure! :)
Looking for the best Pho Tai in town!

Bosa puts up a STRONG fight!  Could this be YOUR favorite bowl in town??

Pho Tai : Rare Steak Noodle Soup. This was a very large portion with plenty of MEAT! I really like their broth here...it's very crisp and clean with lots of flavor. Probably my #2 bowl in town!  It just tastes BETTER...sip it before you put all that other stuff in there.  See why it's different!

We also tried the Bun Bo Hue : Spicy Beef Noodle Soup with lots of meat and misc lol. This was pretty SPICY...and I don't toss that word around lightly. Since it was combined with the heat of the soup, I was SWEATIN!  Little Foodie Dude was eating it up!  :P

I also ordered some Thit Nuong ($2.50): Just a side of Grilled Pork. Their pork is very flavorful, and it's a very LARGE portion for only $2.50! Eat your heart out So1!  This is Soul's favorite :P

Service was very good here...surprisingly good actually.  Don't think I've ever been checked on while eating pho lol.

Pics to make you drool :
Sketchy ass location with bomb ass customer service and bomb ass food. Who cares if your car gets keyed while you're slurping down your delicious bowl of pho. :)

We randomly swung into this pho restaurant one late afternoon while we were in Vegas for the 2013 Olympia Expo. Upon parking and walking in, you seriously feel like you're either gonna catch an STD or probably shot up but rest assured, neither of the two happened to us. :)

Even though the interior is dark, dreary, run-down, surprisingly the scary restroom located outside the restaurant was uber clean. Haha!

I ordered a nice big bowl of Bun Rieu cuz I wasn't in the mood for pho. Have to admit, one of the best damn bowls of Bun Rieu I've had at a Vietnamese restaurant. The SBBF ordered himself some pho and thoroughly enjoyed his meal.

Customer service was on point. I like the fact that there was some random Hispanic guy who spoke perfect English who greeted us goodbye after we paid. 

Definitely a must-go if you want cheap, good Vietnamese food near the strip!
Am I a soup nazi!?! Are my standards way too high because I didn't really understand all the hype on the Bun Bo Hue here -____- "

Am I crazy or is there not a wide population of Vietnamese people here? We seriously need a a Vietnamese family to open up the back of their home and set up shop for us or something because I really have a hard time finding a nice, enjoyable, bowl of pho in this town. 

This has been placed in my bookmarks list for quite sometime now because all the rave I've been reading about their Bun Bo Hue. I love love love Bun Bo Hue ..when it's done right. Came here with merherhh (bf) and we ordered pork egg rolls that looked like Filipino lumpias more so than Vietnamese egg rolls -- long and skinny (that's what she said). They weren't that bad. I liked the fact that they gave some noodles and cucumbers with it so you could make your own fried spring roll concoction. 

Merhherh ordered the Pho and I ordered the Bun Bo Hue. Both were bland in flavor :| Just tasted watered down to me. I would say, maybe since it was at the end of the night so the food was lacking as they were about to close? But no, shouldn't it be even more flavorful cause the broth would be absorbing the flavor of the ingredients all day? Either way, just not my cup of tea, or rather bowl of pho.

Another thing I wasn't very fond of was that they just provide a bottle of fish sauce by the table. Not homemade?! Fish sauce in a bottle was not pleasing with my egg rolls :( 

This place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall and I usually enjoy discovering hole-in-the-walls more so then fancy smancy places, but I was honestly alert my whole visit waiting for a cockroach to make its way across the floor. 

I guess I set my expectations a little too high. It being a hole-in-the-wall I was expecting some good ol authentic Vietnamese food. I wouldn't mind giving this place another shot, but definitely didn't make my top favorites list :X
The egg rolls were subtle and very much unlike what you may find at other Vietnamese places. I really like how fresh the vegetables that accompanied the egg rolls are. In addition to the appetizer, we also ordered Pho and a rice plate. The pho broth was flavorful and aromatic while the noodles were just the perfect size and texture. The only thing I didn't like was that the broth was a bit too salty.

There wasn't much of a decor or atmosphere but the staff was very nice.

I will definitely come back here to try other dishes.
The food here is great!  Full flavor and lives up to the great reviews and high rating.

I had the Pho with Steak & Beef Ball - The broth is so good (which everyone knows a good Pho is the broth)

My friend had the Bun Rieun and he really like it also it was his first time having it.

Also the Thai Ice Tea was really good, I think it was the best one I ever had.

Definitely be back whenever i am in Vegas with a rent a car=)

Only thing bad about this place is the location which was in the side corner which I thought it was an apartment building or something with many empty businesses.
What does a man call for after a long night of drinking?  PHO!  Took to my handy Yelp app and found Pho Bosa.

It's probably one of the better Pho joint near the strip.  However, not by CA standard.  Of course, since we are in NV I have to say it's was pretty good.  A little weak on the broth, first time I had to add fish sauce to my broth.  The meat wasn't the best quality, but there was a lot of it.  It was also the first time I found my noodles to be undercooked.  I love that they did not skimp on the herbs.

Overall, a nice place to get a decent bowl of pho if you're in the area.
This was the best $60 bowl of pho ever.  My bff and I took a cab from MGM Signature to eat here ($20) our actual bill was $25ish and our cab back was $15.  If that's not hardcore love for pho, then I don't know what is.  

Bun Rieun is DELICIOUS.  Their spring rolls are different, but very good.  Great service, yes it's in a strip mall...you should call a cab early, then go hang out a Zombie Acopolyse  :)
The food here is good as well as the service. I love their rice and grilled pork spring rolls.
Great so far.
I would say Pho Hung from Toronto canada deserves 5 stars. 

This is the only pho place I've ever had in vegas but deserves 4 stars :)
Extensive options..especially for gluten free folks. We had #77 and spring rolls with chicken sausage. The soup was savory and amazingly flavorful. Mo rocks this place!! Wish we could take him back to Austin with us.
Vegas party-goers need to know about Pho Bosa. The best thing for your hungover, dehydrated-self is an awesome bowl of steaming hot Pho when you finally decide to roll over and wake up. The broth here is awesome and the portions are generous. The egg rolls are smaller than what I get at my favorite pho restaurant back home (Golden Deli, San  Gabriel), but still very satisfying.

There is plenty of parking and they also take credit cards!
Came here on a Sunday afternoon around lunch. I was surprised at the location that it's in a business office complex and looked borderline sketchy. My friend from out of town was with and even said "where are you taking me?!" This place had great reviews which includes some yelpers I know and my brother. There was maybe 2 or 3 parties already there when we were seated and as we waited to order the place started to get pretty packed. As most pho places in Vegas on a Sunday, most of the patrons were hung over youngsters who were at the club from the previous night. I really wanted spring rolls and saw something on the menu that was shrimp egg rolls, but unfortunately it was not the spring rolls I was expecting. It was shrimp wrapped and  deep fried and came with large pieces of lettuce on the side. It was good, but a little greasy. I ordered thin sliced beef, that came with egg rolls, a shrimp cake, and broken rice. I've never had broken rice before and it reminds me of the rice at the bottom of the rice cooker that's been there after awhile and becomes crispy. The beef and egg rolls were good, but I think I would enjoyed this meal more if I had the vermicelli with it instead of the broken rice. This was also my first time trying a shrimp cake and it looked like a piece of spam with batter, but made shrimp instead. Mine was on the greasy side because shiny oil on top was visible. Unlike my friend's shrimp cake his looked less greasier than mine. The service was pretty good because they were attentive throughout our entire meal. I even recognized one of the servers from another Pho place I used to eat at regularly. The inside its self looks like a make-shift restaurant, kind of odd but works? I still prefer other Pho places around the area, but I'll definitely come back for the Pho which is I think they're more known for.
Food isn't a 2 stars it's more of a 3.5 maybe even 4 stars but be prepared to wait for it.

The restaurant even addresses the issue of their long wait with signs on the wall that say 'our food is made fresh and may take 10-20 minutes to come out. Wait time may be doubled if busy"

Trust me they're not kidding. Our food took about 35 minutes. For two bowls of pho and spring rolls? .. really? I yelped this place while I was in Vegas because I suspected phoking long would have a really long line so I decided to go somewhere else. If I knew I would be waiting 40 minutes for a bowl of pho I might as well just have gone to phoking long -_- 

Spring rolls are good. Large pho doesn't have that much noodles in it.

I suppose I'm supposed to give them credit for posting a disclaimer but they don't post it on the door of the entrance, you can't see it until you actually sit down. And who expects a bowl of pho to take THAT LONG! 

Oh on top of that they forgot my order of spring rolls. The restaurant really isn't big at all probably just 15 tables and they have 2-3 servers. 

Ehh not coming back, don't care how good the food is.. which is really not that amazing as their sign on the wall claims.
The food was ok. I decided to try a different place based on Yelp reviews. We usually frequent Pho Kinh Do or even Pho Kim Long.

Our order: Pho Dac Biet, Bun Bo Hue and Com Tam Tau Hu Ky Bo Nuong. 

The pho soup base was diluted. The beef in the Bun Bo Hue were such huge chunky pieces. Some were tender and others were tough. The broth is not bad. For a large bowl I got two itty bitty cubes of pork's blood. My husband said the rice place wasn't good and I believe him because he didn't finish it. He said the baked egg tasted rubbery and the slices of beef were more like teriyaki than having that grilled flavor. The tau hu ky was not bad...crispy. 

Note: All noodle soups are large only. 
Small place, decent service. It's almost right off the 15 when you exit...away from the center if Chinatown.
The food here is great, but what is even better is the service! The waiter nicely explained us how to eat each different thing and mix sauces and what to do. It was like having a native of a cuisine show you the ropes.

I was here with a group and we got and shared many dishes. For appetizer we got a fried shrimp dish. I wish I could tell you the name but the online menu is down and quite frankly I don't remember. It was really delicious. We were able to make a sauce to dip it in and they had the sauce and peppers and seasoning so you could make your sauce as hot or mild as you liked it. You can use this same sauce on rice when your rice dish arrives.

The Bun bo hue was great and the entree I got "broken rice with chinese sausage" was good as well. Only thing to mention though is the portions are VERY generous. We ended up stuffed beyond belief and I felt bad that we had to essentially trash a lot of really good food. 

Only thing that is kinda weird about this place is the bathroom is OUTSIDE the restaurant lol. You have to walk out the back and go down an outdoor hallway to use the bathroom.
This pho place located in a hidden corner of a apartment complex. haha it took us a while to figure out the entrance, since there was no sign, and the windows were tinted. 

Waiting 3/5: I would've given them a 2 out of 5, but since they DID put up a sign saying that since all their food are freshly made, there's usually a 10-20 minutes wait for your food. and IT'S TRUE! lol, their honesty made me giggled. i waited for about 25 minutes for my food haha, i cannot complain because they DID warned me and I decided to stay.. haha.

food 3.5/5: It's not bad, but i've had better. we ordered a spring roll, beef ball pho and one of their combination broken rice dish. Everything is very decent tasting, nothing too bad; I admit i was a bit disappointed since i waited for 25 minutes for this "freshly made" food.

Service 3/5: Overall is good; perhaps there's a bit short staffs? I only saw one waiter out at the dinning area helping about 12 tables of customers. So their service may not as promptly as it could be. 

Im a very impatient person, i WOULD'VE CAME BACK if the waiting time is not that long. but yeah, i just cant stand the wait, i'd rather go pho king long.
I ate here today and it was fantastic!! very well priced! 
I have eaten Pho's in Vietnam, Australia and America, and this small restaurant was spot on. A good quality broth with some really traditional ingredients.
Another good sign is when there are a lot of Vietnamese customers, and this place had plenty.

if you want something in Vegas healthier than what the strip has to offer, this is the place to go! will go again next time iM in Vegas!!
Perfect choice! Upon arriving to Vegas on a cold Friday, my friend and I decided to venture off the strip and search for this Pho place-- it has been the best meal so far. Prices are affordable, less than $9 for a huge bowl of Pho. The chicken spring rolls were delicious too! 
Service was great and our server was very friendly (forgot name) sorry. We had an amazing conversation about his upbringing and travels. I love that in America we can eat Pho and have a wonderful conversation about the world. 

Definitely coming back when in Vegas! 
No crowds or overpriced meals.
Broth is DELICIOUS!! And they give soooo much meat! (Got the combination beef pho) tuge definately revived me after last night lol
Two words: Bun Rieu.

This might be my shortest review ever.
the pho here is pretty good, location was pretty hard to find though since its sorta in a apartnent style complex...but not juding location, the food makes up for it yet i wiahed they gave me more =(
This place is quite close to the strip. Nice noodles and great new kinds of spring rolls! :) i always visit here for my vegas trip, especially in the morning after the crazy night
This place is by far my favorite pho place in Vegas. Everything is delicious and home made! I come here at least once when I'm in town. I haven't had a dish I don't like
Im from bolsa california and i tried the food here. Theres too much MSG in the Pho and the springrolls were microwaved. Food was very poor in taste and quality
I'm not a huge pho person, but I was on a pho kick as I caught a cold on this Vegas trip. Tried the pho on the Strip - no good! Came here and had a much better experience, though I have to agree that it's probably not head and shoulders over solid Bolsa pho (maybe they should add that L to their name?). I was very happy with the broth but the meat was too tough. The evening was saved by my soda chanh muoi, which actually had great preserved citrus chunks in it, yum!

I have a feeling we're all referring to the same guy when we compliment the service, and he was indeed very friendly. The location looks like a murder scene, on the side of an unlit commercial building, with the curtains completely drawn, offering no glimpse of what awaits until you open the door. Bang bang!
Delicious. We ordered the shrimp roll and crab soup. Our server was extremely helpful by showing us how to wrap the shrimp rolls and what sauces to use with specific dishes. Our server's name was Mimi.
This place is located in a shady-looking building. Their noodle bowls are huge but they also cost $9-10 which is pretty pricey for Viet food. The bun bo hue is actually pretty good and I would come here for that if craving it while in Vegas. Their bun rieu is supposed to be good but I was not a fan. The pho was just ok. Better than AZ pho but not close to CA or home-made.  Their nem nuong rolls were also large and tasty.
My first night in Vegas and looking for some good Pho. Yelp to the rescue! My buddy almost took me to one about a block away, but we looked it up on Yelp before we went in. It only had two and 1/2 stars, so we peeled out of there and headed here! It was night time and they had a strobe light outside and it didn't look like much from outside. I thought maybe it was some kind of Pho strip club!  The food was delicious! I ordered the grilled pork noodle -bun tit noon. My buddy ordered the standard hot Beef Pho.
I have been passing by this place for years and never even noticed it until a coworker recommended it. Man I am so thankful because it is the most underrated pho place ever! Yes it's a little small but the food is delicious! 

I came on a rainy day with a friend during my lunch break. Naturally I called ahead since I only had an hour to drive there, eat, and come back and decided to place an order for the bun bo hue. SOOOOO GOOD! I was in heaven, right amount of spicyness with thick yummy noodles and chicken. Not only that but the service was amazing as well. I was only able to try one item but it is definitely on my list to come back to!
Went here for Pho after I was feeling a little under the weather. The pho was decent, price and quality. The pork sausage spring rolls are actually uncooked rolls which I always thought were called summer rolls. The broth was ok, but location was good and would consider going again if I was in town.
One of my favorite places to come when I'm in Vegas after a long night of gambling and drinking.  It never fails to hit the spot to cure a hangover.  Not as good as some of the places I been to out in Garden Grove, CA, but in Vegas hey what can I expect.  

The broth was awesome and so was the flavors, from what I can tell but I do add a ton of sriracha and Hoisin sauce., the meat was rare and delicious.  Price was as decent.

I would recommend this place for decent pho, and as other said the rolls and such.
Pho Bosa for me is like comparing my mother's cooking to my mother in law's cooking. They are both delicious but completely different and hard to compare the two. This is how I feel about Pho Bosa in comparison to my other Pho spot in town.

I am a huge fan of their peanut sauce that they make and serve warm with their fresh spring rolls. They offer both pork and chicken sausage and the flavor in the sausage is mild. But that dipping sauce makes up for any flavor lost.

The pho here is decent, good, and solid. My noodles were a bit soft in my bowl. And if you have read my other pho reviews, you know that I keep an eye out for any silver or green tinge of coloring on my meats and I didn't see any until my last few pieces of meat. And one piece had a really funky taste to it, which I spit out immediately but other than this - I liked their pho.

The bun bo hue is a winner for me here too. I asked for extra spicy and was delivered just that. The ingredients were fresh and good. The meat however was too big in portion and it would have been a better experience for me if it had been sliced smaller.

The one downfall for me about this place is their bathroom. I do not like that I have to walk outside to use a bathroom.
This place was just ok. Went there for lunch today around 11:30am, and we were the only customers. The bun rieu and bun bo hue had good flavor, but we felt that they were skimping on everything, even the plate of veggies for the noodle soups. Even the iced water tasted gross, so we ordered bottled water. I don't think it's worth returning!
Bun Bo hue.  Killer. Rolls awesome. Pork chops are frigging delish.

I love a great bowl of steaming soupy goodness.  this by far had the best broth in Vegas.  It might even be the cleanest I have ever eaten.  The beef knee is so tender and has wonderful collagen chewiness.

If you have a huge night and are really hungover have the pho or even better get the Bun Bo Hue with the rice noodles.  So good it hurts me that this is so far away.
It's ok pho. Not much ingredients and broth pretty plain but overall ok. Service not good, won't even separate our tab.
This place is a little hole in the wall and may look a little scary when you pull up, but the Pho is DELICIOUS!!
Yestuaday I was stop by pho bosa and I was order bun Bo hue  it is a unforgettable Vietnamese soup excellent
Omg they only have one size bowl and it claims to be a "large". The bowl is so small. Where I'm from, in Orange County, that would be considered a small bowl. And at $8.25 for that "large", it's ridiculous. That is a typical $5 bowl. It should not exceed $5. Whatever though, it took me forever to find this place and I'm not going to go searching around for a better place when I'm on vacation and don't know where I'm going. Oh well, at least the bowls have a hearty amount of noodles and meat. Still not happy about the price
Bun Rieu & spring rolls were delicious! The broken rice dish with short rib combo was okay. Iced coffee was strong & rich.. I'm guessing they used condensed milk. Good option if you're craving Vietnamese food. It's a short drive from Palazzo.
Why does this place have such high ratings??? Maybe I'm spoiled from living in OC but good Vietnamese food elsewhere is hard to come by. 

After a long night of partying, a big bowl of pho sounded great for all of my hungover friends and I, but we definitely chose the wrong place to eat at. The pho broth had an off flavor, that's what ruined it for me. Even if there was superb meat (which there wasn't), broth is the main flavor component for pho so it was bad from the start. I mostly ate the meat drenched in sauce and left the rest.

One of the workers recommended the bun rieu to my friend; she said it was even better than the pho, but my friend thought otherwise. He said it was really salty and wasn't spicy whatsoever. 

Oh and why is it named BOSA? Not Bolsa?!?!
BUN BO HUE or BUN RIEU.

order it.

 YOU'RE WELCOME.

everything here I've tried is pretty yummy.   But those two are my faves.
#1 BUN BO HUE (HUE SPICY BEEF SOUP NODDLE) in town. Die for that. So delicious! And the very best Combo broken rice plate. Don't miss Pork sausage roll for starter! Yum yum
Bun Bo Hue and Bun Rieu are my favorites here, and might be the best in town.

Restaurant is in a sketchy neighborhood. It is dimly lit with fluorescent lighting (not cool diner vibe, just makes your eyes tired vibe), there's really no decor, and the springs in the booth chairs are pretty much gone so you sink really low when you sit. The restrooms are not in the restaurant, so you'd have to go outside of the restaurant to use the restroom.

Friendly and attentive staff.
Closed on WEDNESDAYs!!!!

Their Nem Nuong Cuon is better then the places in Cali.  Yum!
I am never disappointed when I dine here.
Not only is the food delicious, fresh, and well seasoned. The staff ALWAYS remembers myself and My brother when we come in. That right there is why I keep coming back to Pho Bosa! This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant.  Try the Vietnamese Iced Coffee, And the Pork Spring Rolls!!! Hell just try a little of everything!!!! :-)
I think I am spoiled from living in Cali where pho is everywhere. I don't mind the prices. I was hoping for a wide variety of items to choose from and didn't see it. A simple menu is good, it means honing in on the best flavors for each dish that is offered.
Their Thai tea was amazing. And their place is small, slightly disappointed they didn't have banh mi options. Their pho soup base was good. I was torn about giving a 3 star or 4 star. I decided on 3 because of the lack of variety of menu options and the girl, who waited on us didn't come back to check if we needed refills or how we were doing.
Ok the food here is great, but the location is very interesting. It is in what looks to be a run down building.   However once you get past the building your in for a nice surprise.   

I had the bun rieu, it was lacking flavor until I drenched it with the fish sauce bottle on the table and added the chili sauce to finish it off. I asked why so blan, they replied that some people were complain it was too spicy and salty. So instead they let you add your finishing touches.

The broken rice dishes was the best in town and have earned our business if we are craving rice.

As for the other dishes we haven't tried yet, but will soon.
Not the best location and the decor is poor, but the food was great.  I had the broken rice plate with beef, shrimp cake and quiche.  The shrimp cake was perfectly done.
The decor of the store is lacking, but don't let it discourage you from trying it out.  I've had lots of pho in different major cities, and this one is pretty much right on par.  Not bad, but not great either. The broth was fine, the tendons were super soft (I like mine a bit firmer) and the portion was good.  

 A large bowl for the standard pho with rare beef, brisket, tendons, tripe, and meatballs ran 8.50, which is about right.

This was my first pho experience in Las Vegas so I can't comment on its comparison to its competitors, but I would definitely say it gets the job done although not spectacularly.
My friends and I visited this place because of the 4 stars review on Yelp.  Like other reviews stated, it's located in a strip mall that slightly hard to find.  If you use Apple maps, it will get you in the vicinity but you have to a bit harder to find this little establishment.  
Three of us ordered Pho and two ordered Bun Bo Hue. Three of us agreed that the soup in pho was lacking the depth in flavor that we would normally find in Little Saigon.  The other two who ordered Bun Bo Hue had favorable comments - highly recommended.  Therefore, the next time we go here will be for the BBH.
Other notes about this restaurant.
Water - Please add reverse osmosis filter.  The water was awful!
Ice Coffee - not recommended.  They need to use better flavor beans like Arabica, not Robusta.
How do your run out of food.... Was looking forward to eating over here... But not anymore.
There are many better places to get Pho in Vegas than here. It's located in a run down building, a definite hole in the wall. The atmosphere isn't too great either. They messed up my order, which was as basic as can be. Would definitely not recommend.
I was actually pretty excited to try to place to wrap up my trip to Vegas. I have to say I was a little disappointed. This place is small and looks like a hole-in-the-wall joint that would be very good. The wait is pretty bad if you come with a big party, expect to be separated into two groups. I want to say we waited for around an hour for 7 people. 

I ordered the Bun Bo Hue because apparently that's their signature item. I found it to be bland and they also weren't too generous with the meat. 

On another note, my friend ordered a rice plate and it literally did not come out until almost all of us were done eating. We had to ask them about it twice. Its pretty hard to get the servers attention here since its pretty busy. They did take that order off of our check though.
I've been to a few good and not so good Pho restaurants in the last few years and this one is a nice find.  Soup was a 7.5 out of 10. Could have gotten a higher score with a better cut of beef.  Over all the broth was excellent and there was enough noodles and condiments to go with it.  Service was a little better than most Vietnamese places as well.  Some folks mention the location as being a bit sketchy but I didn't see anything wrong with it.  I'd definitely be back when in Vegas.
We were in Vegas, saw this place had 4 stars so stopped in for a quick bite.  Their signature dish is bun bo hue, which is one of my absolute favorite dishes.  I'm originally from northern Virginia, where they know how to do it right.  So, this place has a lot of learning to do when it comes to vietnamese spices.  The bun bo hue lacked so much flavor- it tasted like salted brown water with red coloring floating on top.  The blood cake tasted not right.  I asked the server why it was sooo bland and he said there's separate seasoning they add when they serve it, like in the vietnamese region of hue. Well heck, I ordered bun bo hue, not watered down whatever it is you served me.  My husband had a rice dish with egg rolls, shrimp cake and nem. He said the shrimp cake was good but the nem (pork sausage) had zero flavor.  We live in Hawaii and were hoping for some great VN food in LV but this place was disappointing.  We always want to support local hole in wall eateries.  Work on your spices and seasonings, Pho Bosa.  We might try you again next time, but probably not.
I have been waiting ever so patiently for Gadzooks to open. I felt like that chic in the Mervyn's commercial standing at the window, saying "open, open, open." I drove by today and saw a parking lot FULL of cars. I quickly pulled over and ran to the door to snag a place in line. 

It was totally worth the wait. They make the tortillas with fresh masa while you are in line, so it is totally fresh. The meat is incredible and the sauce is so flippin' delicious. I topped everything with pickled onions and a fried egg, my favorites. 

I am a little apprehensive about this place opening though, because it is within walking distance to my house. I can feel my wallet crying already. I am going to be here often to try their other combos.
Day 2 of their soft open and the food was still fantastic. The entire staff was super nice and a pleasure to interact with. 

I ordered the Green Chile Pork and Short Rib Enchilada. Super good. House made corn tortillas were legit. Make sure to order it Christmas style for red and green.

The lava sauce is super spicy and flavorful.

Overall an awesome new spot in Downtown PHX!
So I too have been patiently waiting for this place to open, as I drive by it daily on my way to and from work. I have also been CRAVING Mexican food, and enchiladas and soup were top on my list to indulge in! I understand that this was their 2nd day open, and I also agree that staff was extremely friendly and informational, the owners brother was even there helping out!

On to the food - I order for myself and another person, we got the short rib, pork verde and cheese enchilada. Mine was topped with guacamole, his with the tomatilla salsa. As for the enchiladas themselves, they smelled amazing, but the taste was far from it! There was little to no flavor from the meat. I was charged an additional $1 for the guacamole (that I wasn't told about), but the guacamole was delicious. My friend said the tomatilla salsa was the best part of his order. We also got some chicken tortilla soup... again, nothing special! :( It was nothing to write home about!

Overall, I am very disappointed with the food and had extremely high expectations and was let down!!!
So excited to see new restaurants moving into district 4! Gadzooks is an amazing concept started by Aaron. I had their pork green chile and guajillo short rib "chirstmas style" enchiladas which means a combination of the red and green sauce. Its so cool to see them making the tortillas fresh in house and I absolutely loved their lava salsa which is so spicy but so good. Also the homemade guac is fresh and delicious. Cant wait to come back and try the bison.
GADZOOKS!!! The name says it all.... I have been waiting for this place to open and have been folowing on Facebook for months and when I finally heard there was going to be a soft open/ lunch service I jumped at the opportunity to full fill my enchilada craving. 
As everybody has been saying the owner Aaron was very helpful and a shorter man that had a striking resemblance to Sean Astin (the guy from Rudy/ Lord of The Rings) was also very informative about the menu.
I ate the short rib enchilada and the chicken, both took me on a one way trip straight to flavor town. If it was winter and I was wearing socks.... they would have been blown off.

 "On top" you have got to get the Guac, it cost a little extra, but trust me.... just trust me K!!

One thing I was not expecting was to see somebody hand making tortillas and asking me, "corn" or "50/50" (a half corn half flour tortilla). Knowing full well that swimsuit season is just around the corner I decided what the heck, 50/50.... and for those of you that don't know, 50+50=100. and those tortillas are 100% delicious.
 
A side of chips came in handy to scoop up the remaining guac, sauce and cheese left from my devouring of the Lada. I cant tell you how many times I have been to a Mexican food place and the integrity of the tortilla chip was compromised with every returning dip to the salsa bowl or guac. If the dip was the battlefield, these chips are the Sherman Tank of WW2 that plowed through the field and won the war in Europe. After my trek trough the dip i tossed that bad boy in my mouth and all the sudden it was no longer a tank, but rather a hot air balloon, light and crisp, the perfect chip each time.

I am excited to return and try the Spinach and mushroom enchilada and the "smashed" potato enchilada. I am not a Vegetarian but like Pokemon, I gotta catch em all!!! I am thrilled to have a great patio spot on the way home from work to stop and grab a bite and beer before heading home to my nagging roommate. 

A great addition to the local feel that CenPho is developing!!!
We stopped in on a whim and we were glad we did. This is no ordinary taco shop! We ordered two smashed jack potato/marinated spinach & mushroom enchiladas, covered in spicy green sauce with just a touch of homemade guacamole and two orders of tortilla soup. I went with the corn tortillas, which are thick and did not get soggy and disintegrate as soon as the sauce touched them. The flavor of everything was outstanding and the portions were just right. I have no need for a burrito that weighs as much as a bowling ball although I realize that for some people, more food = more value. I will take more flavor anytime. For the meat eaters, I noticed that they have short rib, bison, chicken, and I am sure some type of beef but I wasn't pay that close of attention to that. The menu is simple but there is a wide variety of toppings and fillings to customize your order. The prices are reasonable, too. The enchiladas, soups, and three drinks came to a grand total of $20.13 and we were more than satisfied. We will be back!
Fresh enchiladas prepared before your very eyes! Warm, soft, tasty tortillas and bith traditional and unusual fillings and toppings, all very tasty. We haven't found anything we don't like here.
It's a "fast food" model, but very comfortable. Great prices. Easy parking.
The Meal.  The lava sauce was spicy: heat and smokiness; great stuff. The potato jack enchiladas Christmas style with Chihuahua Cheese and topped with freshly made sour cream was DELISH!  I enjoyed the oven where they heat up your clay dish holding your enchiladas; it is brilliant!  The only thing that I think could be improved upon, meal wise, is the corn tortilla itself.  The tortilla was too thick, which led to it unrolling while it was being prepared and while eating it.  I think if they were to make it just a little thinner, it would make the tortilla hold its shape better.

Service.  It's still their first week.  They were nice and ready to answer questions, but a little slow getting ready for the lunch time crowd.  It was fine, we weren't in a rush, but one thing to improve is have one person for each station.  While I was attended there were multiple people, some unsure where to go and what to do, and only a couple of people preparing the dish, which led to a bit of chaos and time delay in the kitchen side.  

Ambiance. The place was nice, clean, modern, and casual. Love it! Especially the light fixtures! The patio outside was great!  Maybe one thing to consider is add a couple of those pavers from your patio exit to the north parking lot  along the gravel garden, you know to reduce people walking all over your rock and ruining the wonderful landscaping.  

Portion. The two enchilada plate did not fill the stomachs of my coworkers, nor mine, we filled our cups twice with beverage and that held us over.  One of the guys did get a three enchilada plate with a drink and that did the trick for him.
I have been watching this restaurant slowly go up since I drive by it every day after work. The building has a very clean and modern look and so does the inside so it has caught my eye. Since it finally opened up recently I had to go try it. 

I went there last night for dinner and got the Green Chile Pork enchilada and the Short Rib enchilada. They were both quite good, but the Short Rib enchilada was especially delicious. I also got the guacamole on top for an extra dollar, which was given in a very generous portion and was a creamy, smooth guacamole. There are also various toppings you can get such as pico de gallo and a creamy sour cream among other things. I also must mention that the flour tortillas are made in the restaurant and were extremely good. 

The restaurant is clearly in it's soft opening and some kinks need to be worked out with the food assembly line. Also, since the enchiladas are put in an open fire oven in a clay-like dish, the dishes are extremely hot when you go to eat your food so beware. Furthermore, these dishes are put on metal trays for carrying your clay dish to your table and the metal trays get a little toasty from the heat of the dish. This could be better thought out and may not be the best way to serve these fire hot clay dishes. I'm thinking something like a cork or wooden tray or put the clay dish in a cork holder or something of the sort. 

Despite the kinks, I will definitely be going here again and will be recommending it to friends and family.
The enchiladas were AWESOME. However I had read some reviews that the portions were small for the price and that is correct. Basically after tax it is $7.50 for just 2 enchiladas and I would say it would take 3 enchiladas to be equal to a Chipotle burrito...maybe even 4. I just have a hard time spending $10-$11 for 2 enchiladas, chips and guac. So for me the food was really good but they need to make an order of enchiladas consist of 3 instead of 2 for the price they are charging.
Gadzooks is a casual place, where you order at the counter and then choose seating inside or outside on a covered patio.  The staff was very friendly, greeting us and guiding us through our first ordering experience. The menu is short, simple, bursting with flavor and very well planned out. Step 1: choose between 2 tacos, 2 enchiladas (or 1 each) on corn or flour tortillas made right in front of you or soup and salad.  I chose a smashed jack potato taco and a sautéed spinach mushroom enchilada, both on corn tortillas. Step 2: red or green sauce. The logical choice was red sauce over the enchilada and nothing over the smashed jack potato taco. Step 3: your choice of asadero or Chihuahua cheese. While, usually my answer to this question would be both, I opted to try only the lighter, asadero alone, so I could fully appreciate its flavor. At this point, my beautiful concoction was placed into an open oven, where I could see the white cheese melting into delicious, gooey goodness. Step 4: choose a salsa. Though they all sounded delicious, salsa verdes are always my first choice. Finally, you can pick chips and guacamole or salsa and your beverage. 

We paid and made our way to a table inside. Our food looked tasty and the presentation was nice, with the meals served in individual clay pots. My first bite of the spinach enchilada was exploding with the flavors in the red sauce, made with dry roasted red peppers. The mild jack and salsa verde rounded out the flavors without adding more heat. As incredible as my enchilada was, I have to say the taco was my favorite. The smashed jack potato filling plus the salsa verde was an even better flavor combination. I loved the texture of the potato and the chives were a great touch too. Morgan thoroughly enjoyed picks as well, a green chile pork enchilada with asadero cheese and green chile sauce (yeah, he really likes green chile) and a roasted tomatillo chicken enchilada with asadero and red sauce. The guacamole was a tasty side and a local brew completed my meal. I am thrilled that Gadzooks is in walking distance and I will definitely be back soon!
I have already eaten there four times ! The food is great. The potatoes enchilada are amazing and I an obsessed with the pickled onions. chips and guac are great! Everything is freshly made every day and tortilla dough is delivered every day. I don't mind paying a couple bucks more for fresh local food with no preservative flavoring !
I am generous with one star. Stopped in yesterday with high hopes.
I live right down the street, so I have been watching the renovation progress for some time now.  Needless to say, I've been looking forward to this place opening up.  I was born and raised in New Mexico, so homemade Mexican food was always a staple at our house.

Let me start with saying that the food was good.  The sauces were very flavorful, and I was mostly pleased with the end product.  The experience as a whole is what was disappointing for me.  The menu....it is not your regular run-of-the-mill order the item as it reads.  You build your own meal based on many different varieties.  While the staff wasn't rude, they were not very helpful with helping the guests through the process.  Bottom line, ordering was extremely awkward.  On top of that, they were out of a few things that I would consider staples to the experience, such as corn tortillas, pico de gallo, and one of the red salsas.  

I expected the whole ordering to paying time to be somewhat comparable to that of a Chipotle or Subway experience, but it took much MUCH longer...even though the restaurant was relatively empty.  My boyfriend and I ordered to go, and at the very end of it all our meals in tin containers were simply wrapped in tissue paper and string.  The cheese and sauce was all stuck to the top by the time we got home, a mere mile away.  Not to mention you couldn't stack them on top of eachother because there wasn't a more rigid surface on top of the container.  My advice would be to sell the expensive string wrapping machine, and spend a little money on some plain old take out lids.

In the end, the taste of the food was jaded by our overall experience.  I am still undecided as to whether or not to go back.  Needless to say, after months of waiting for this place to come to fruition, I was definitely disappointed with it....total bummer.
Dont bother. We got takeout and we were dissappointed by the entire experience. 

*There were about 10 people working but they all seemed to just be hanging out.
*We were ther an hour before closing and they were out of everything.
*The enchilada sauce was extremely thick and mushy
*The food was cooked in a pizza oven which melted the cheese but left the insides cold
* There are plenty of filling options but they are all mediocre, the quality just isnt there.
*When you order food to go they just wrap the hot open faced container with paper and string, the paper rips and sticks yo your food, you are unable to stack the containers, and your food is cold by the time you get home.
* Theres no beans! Or rice!

Needless to say we will not be returning, we would rather have chipotle or Cafe Rio
My friend was raving about this place so we went over there together with our kids one evening.  They took her order right away, and then it was at least five minutes before they took our order.  There were five to six people behind the counter, but not much appeared to be happening.  There were two people standing directly opposite behind the counter, but they did not even say" hello", "welcome ot Gadzooks", or "be right with you".  

Now, lets' talk about the menu.  Extremely confusing.  It's very unclear how to order a meal.  Additionally, there is no kids menu.  I asked if they could make my daughter a cheese quesadilla, which they were more than happy to do, but when I went to pay, I discovered that the quesadilla was the size of a small pancake, and they wanted 3.50 for it.  I told them for that price, they needed to add another quesadilla, which they did without question.  I think at Chipotle you can get an entire kids meal including quesadilla, rice, beans and drink, for about the same price.  So my suggestion would be to add a kids menu.  

Okay, now for the food.  It was decent.  I ordered the spinach mushroom enchiladas with a goat cheese shmear.  I left feeling hungry.  A side of rice and beans would have been great.  I don't know if they offer that or not, but it doesn't come with the meal.  

While my friend likes this place, and will probably go regularly, I doubt I will ever go back.
I'd really like to give 2 stars but I'm hoping someone reads the reviews and fixes some of the problems.  So we have been waiting patiently for this place to open...very excited to finally try it.  We get to the counter and it's very confusing and no one offers any help...except another CUSTOMER.  The employees behind the counter acted like they really didn't want to be there and how on earth could we NOT know the order process.  Felt a little irritated by that.  

Anyway, the food was actually really good.  I had two enchiladas, one potato and the other spinach.  The man had a rib taco and green chile enchilada.  I tried all the sauces.  I liked my choices but I loooooved the man's even better.  Next time I go I am definitely carnivoring it up.  They were out of bison which I really wanted to try.  So next time I will know HOW to order, WHAT to order and hopefully have a more pleasant experience.
This is a pleasant addition to the area.  The food is fantastic. Flavors of authentic mexican preparations; Roasted chile', fresh tortillas... A friendly fella preparing meals recommended I try the bison. He even went as far as offering a sample, which i politely declined and went straight for the bison as my enchilada choice. His sincerity while offering the meat option made me feel  that he was stoked to have it and proud to serve it. Strong choice!! They were phenomenal. I'll be heading back again, without a doubt. I didn't take note of a bike rack, however, it's certainly a place to consider for some tasty neighborhood eats. Thanks for all of your hard work and preparation Gadzooks, you're serving up great meals. I'll be spreading the word.
Just had the most amazingly delicious Party with a capital P, in my mouth! First time here, but not my last! Had the 50/50 tortillas, one pork, one chicken, green sauce, baked and bubbling to perfection, out of the oven drizzled with fresh scratch made crema, crumbled cotija cheese, and vinaigrette slaw topping it all off. Side of hand-smashed guacamole made it complete. Can't wait to try some secret menu items, I was made aware of tonight! Thanks Eric! ;-)
I ate there yesterday and I think they have fixed the problems other users had below.  The menu is simple and they explained it to me as soon as I got there.  It's basically tacos, enchilades and soup. I didn't try the soup.  You have a choice of made to order corn or flour tortillas. Then they fill it with choice of fillings. I highly recommend the shortrib but the green chile chicken was very good too. Then you choose toppings like picked onions, pico de gallo, enchilada sauce, crema & cheeses.  Everything is really fresh and delicious. I also tried the guac which was fantastic.  The entrees are less than $7, so you can actually eat lunch for under $10, which is great.  The concept seems similar to, but a step above, Chipotle.  In fact, I liked it so much that I was craving it and actually went back again today.  The employees both days were very helpful and asked if I'd had a good experience.  Frankly, it was an excellent lunch and I have no complaints. I will go there often. If you had a bad experience, I think it is worth a second chance!
Amazing food. Have been wanting to go here since it opened. Cool design, lots of room, and awesome food. Very busy but worth the wait. I want to try everything on their menu. 

Go nuts and get all the toppings...its worth it. 

Finally the modern enchilada has arrived!!!
This place is great. 

They are doing a great job considering they haven't even had their grand opening yet!

Food is delicious, staff is helpful and nice and they all really want to know how to make everything better and are actively working on it. I did not find the menu confusing, you choose your tortilla, filling, cheese sauce and topping ... not hard. 

Keep it up! You're doing a great job and you can only get better from here :)
Stopped by yesterday for some carry out to heat up later. Have to say the short ribs were amazing, the chicken was great, and the pork just OK. Topped Christmas style b/c the Hub prefers red sauce to my green - but this time we both switched teams. I found the red to be smooth, smokey, and complex - while the green was grainy and piquant with less kick than advertised - but he loved it. Liked the combo corn/flour tortilla the kid behind the counter recommended. Have to say at 4:30, the product in line pans were looking a little tired. Be nice if they were scraped down and cleaned up. Felt like it was lunch leftovers before the night rush. Which, at the proper temp is NP, it's just a mental/marketing thing...

Hey did anyone notice SOUP? Totally missed it in the 'experience'. Next time.
I came in because I saw soups on the sign but I didn't see any offered inside, kind of a buzz kill. As far as the enchilada goes I found it to be tasty and inventive dish but it kind of loses it's appeal when it is assembled like a Pontiac. 

But when these things come out of the paint booth the perfectly browned cheese is quite attractive and then you can customize the exterior to your tastes. The only main enchilada ingredient they offered that I really had any interest in was the buffalo. Since I had already decided to blow my entire non-dairy, no-animal thing I thought bison does bring nutritional benefit and hay, if I'm gonna cheese it up, may as well go all in. So no soup, no bison, I'm bummed.

I ended up splitting two enchiladas, one potato and a spinach-mushroom, both were a good choice. The food is good but I wish they had some salt shakers on the table. The guy saucing our enchiladas was making a big deal about the heat from the habenero sauce and I said, pile it on but after tasting it I can't see why it couldn't second as a cooling salve for heat rash. Again, salt shakers would wake it up but admire and applaud their season to tastability product that can let the diner make it perfect. All the ingredients are fresh and tasty, even the hab sauce. 

Too bad they can't come up with a sliced jicama enchilada in lieu of tortillas for those of us wanting to get our veg freak on. As far as the meats, two high school kids thought they were the best they had ever had, maybe it's a kid thing.
Overall my experience at Gadzooks was a dissappointment. I had been excited to try this place for months. 

First, the customer experience is extremely lacking. The place was so quiet. There was no music, no tvs; just the awkward sound of echoing conversation from the other patrons. Not the worst thing ever though. I stared at the menu for at least five minutes before any aknowledgement. Then, the only words from behind the counter were "what are you getting?" For a new place, a little helpful guidance or possibly some explaination would be great. Especially when the have several types of tortillas, meats, cheeses and sauces. I don't really know what I want yet, because I don't understand whats going on yet. everone was grumpy, except the gal at the cash register. ;/

Presentation was not great either. The ceramic dishes wer nice, sturdy and cooled quickly. The to-go packaging was really neat as well. What wasn't neat, was the soup dish. It was a cup. Like, a paper cup that you put a fountain soda in. Uh... that seems pretty ratchet. no soup bowls, or paper soup cups? Also, the food along the toppings line was just sitting in an empty steam/cooling table in what looked like storage containers. Also, they only have 2, very small trash cans that were almost un-noticeable. Napkins, straws, silverware: all seemingly happhazardly thrown in a divider next to the fountain.Did they rush to open so quick, that they cut a few corners? It defintiely seems like it. They probably should have waited another month, so that customers would have a genuine "WOW' experience.

Next was the food. Simply put, I didn't like it. I can admit that the reason for this was no fault of the establishment, but my own personal tastes. It just wasn't my type. They definitely have some decent options but they were missing an obvious staple. BEEF! At least, I didn't see any, and as I stated earlier, the employees were less than helpful, so if there was a beef option with a zany nickname, I had no idea. The tortillas were either corn, or a corn/flour hybrid. I prefer flour, so they werent my favorite. The rating i am giving here is based 90% on my experience, not so much the food.

Final thought: After much built-up anticipation, I was underwhelmed when I got in, and left feeling hungry and frustrated. Hopefully, in a few months when I give it another shot, some noticeble customer service improvmnets will have been made.
Now that enchiladas have become my preferred regional dish, when I read about this place I knew I had to try it ASAP. Gadzooks has a very lively vibe about it, from the cool layout of the building to the enthusiasm of the staff. I tried two of their enchiladas: guajillo braised short ribs and sauteed spinach mushroom, with "Christmas" style sauces (red and green sauces), topped with asadero and chihuahua cheeses and a side of pico salsa. Both enchiladas were excellent, especially the short ribs one - so good I wish I got an extra one. And I could have (you could "add a lada" for 2 bucks more), but it turns out it's a good thing I didn't because I also ordered Linda's homemade tortilla soup - it was really tasty, and I had it topped with potatoes and crema. The soup was so hearty that it could be a light meal by itself; no wonder it was listed as a main dish and not a side. I would suggest to them, though, that they serve the soup in a bowl rather than in the tall cup that they use. I wish the folks here well and hope for their success. This is a very welcome addition to the central corridor of the city.
So my first impression was that this was a yuppie urban Chipotle's only more confusing since the menu was written over head instead of behind the servers which is ten times easier.  BUT, the beef short rib enchilada was SO good and the choices of toppings (cheeses, vegies, etc) were SO much better.  And they top it off by baking it in a cute little clay dish in the oven.  It was YUMMY!  The chips, however....much better at Chipotles.  I will definitely go back for lunch soon and try some of the other interesting dishes...probably not for dinner.
I like the location but the food leaves much to be desired. The food was bland and the service was mediocre. I would urge you to spare yourself the disappointment.
Good stuff, the menu is a bit of a cluster so it can be confusing your first visit--this is complicated by the cutesy names for items that are not quite as straight-forward to us laymen as the restaurant thinks. Also, when my husband and I arrived, I believe the owner (?) was sitting outside with some younger looking guys drinking beer/Starbucks that gave off the impression that they were just jacking around. When we walked up, they kind of obnoxiously called to us and I thought it was just a bunch of college kids with nothing else to do (those were the days, I was doing that myself no too long ago, enjoy it while you can!). Kind of off-putting because it's not professional to drink on duty even if it is your place and confuses you about what type of crowd this place is going for, i.e, is this a family place, foodie place, or a hang out for people drinking beer on a Sunday afternoon? In any event, I ordered one chicken and one rib enchilada which were heated in the same dish. I went with more or less all the fixings since this was my first visit and couldn't make up my mind. Everything was tasty and fresh, my only complaint is that the guacamole was under seasoned. Regardless, I will definitely be back, it is nice to have another new place in the neighborhood, especially considering that Merriam's (the shop that previously occupied the space) has been vacant for years. I believe the menu will appeal to both foodies and families and I wish Gadzooks success. Try it, it's good,
Wonderful food fresh and flavorful.  Watch out Chipotle this new kid on the block is going to give you a run for your money. The tortillas are made from scratch in front of you and you build your choice of street tacos or enchiladas or one of each.  They are in a building that once housed a dress shop so there is a surprise when your to go order is presented.  I recommend this.
Great place for lunch or a lite dinner. The service is great and friendly staff. My only complaint was the giant menu written high up on the wall, it puts a strain on your neck.
I work across the street from Gadzooks and waited for it to open for what seemed like forever. I just got a chance to try it today. The staff greeted me right away and could tell I had never been (i assume) they explained how everything worked to make my 1st time easy. The process was not hard at all unless you can't make up your mind what you like. They do have many choices which can seem overwhelming, but I was brave and decided quickly. I got the braised ribs and green chille pork enchiladas with the christmas sauce and tried a little of all of the cheeses. They topped everything and melted it together in the wood oven. I have to say that I very much enjoyed it and was a great experience. The food was very good and the place is very nice and clean. Will be going back for sure.
It's good.  It's like "...a Chipotle for enchiladas"  (which brings up the question, why doesn't Chipotle do enchiladas?)  It's just not a bargain.

I got two enchiladas, one bison, one green chili chicken.  With a drink, it was $9.  

The bison was a whole lot of nothing.  Carolinas puts out a better machaca beef enchilada for, I think, $2.75.  The green chili chicken was delicious and had a nice zing to it.  And the "Lava" hot sauce was EVERYTHING IT SHOULD BE!  Flavorful, spicey, excellent.

What DID look REALLY delicious were the chopped salads.  Alright, "a" chopped salad, meaning the guy in front of me.  They piled everything for the salad in an enchilada bowl, dramatically dumped it out on a chopping board and then chopped it in front of you.  I saw this guy, the guy in front of me in line, on his way out the door, and I asked him, "was it as good as it looked?"  

"Better", he said.  "Friggin' GREAT salad!  Also, not inexpensive.

And by the way, "half a spoon" of guacamole, for $1, sucks.  I know avocados are expensive, but it's not worth it.
It's not that often that I try a new place and love it so much I tell everyone I know all about it. Gadzooks is one of those places.
Being a "foody" (self-described anyway), it's also not that often that I go to the same place multiple times over a short period of time. Gadzooks is also one of those places. As of last night, I have been there 5 times in two weeks.
Maybe I'm forgetful or flakey or whatever the case maybe, but there are many times that I've tried something and loved it but by the time I get home I've forgotten about it. Not that I would call that meal forgettable, but because I am usually always on the go and  always thinking about what's next. This was not the case this time. I was texting my mom and boyfriend while I was stuffing my face, the next day at work I was telling everyone about how good everything was.
I had wanted to try Gadzooks before it even opened. I knew nothing about it, just seemed interesting and fun. So I finally get to try it and everything was so tasty. I was definitely not disappointed! Everything just has so much flavor, and the perfect textures...
What I was really impressed is that regardless of which meat or vegetarian option I got, or if I got red or green sauce (or both), or which of the three cheeses or 2 sauces I got, everything went so well together.You can't really make a mistake when building your enchilada (or tacos or whatever you get). It just all works.
The staff has always been friendly and not afraid to give their two cents when asked. The prices are fair. I paid just over $9 last night for two enchiladas and two pumpkin cookies,
I have not one complaint about Gadzooks and am already excited about my next visit!
Excellent! Had the green chili pork enchiladas and was not disappointed ! Friendly staff, great atmosphere !
I didn't know what to expect, went in with an open mind, and I was pleasantly surprised. The meats are cooked extremely well, you can choose what else you want with your dish, the staff are very patient and very informative, they really know what and how the items are executed. It is clean and a true great experience with a very reasonable price. A great place!! Definitely will come back....
This place has a Chipotle type ordering system but the flavors and unique style of making the dish is absolutely great. I tried the two enchilada plus a lada for 2$ more. So I tried the chicken, pork and bison.. All very moist and flavorful. Topped them with cotija cheese sour cream and guacomole..I thought the prices are adequate. I highly recommend this place.
Two things,First  I will NEVER understand a restaurant when you tell them "it's my first time here" and it just flies by their head. Please, check back, "did you like the food?" "Come back." "Here is a sample of something you didn't try." Nada! Off my soapbox.

Ok, if your a Mexican food place the spicy thing on your menu should not be the potatoes. Food was very bland, mushy, and seemed to have been sitting there awhile. Comparisons to chipotle for ambiance are accurate. 

I will go back in a few months to see if its gotten better, it's a great concept. 

Side note: upon walking up, you are smacked in the face with the smell of fish. It's from a pond nearby, come mid summer it's going to STINK!
Eat here!  Bring your family and friends here!

My husband would make fun of the concept of an enchilada place as we drove by, but one I night I said we were eating there anyway and he loved the food as much as I did!

I've had both the chicken and the beef and both were delicious.  Green sauce recommended!  I've heard from others I have taken that the spinach and mushroom filling is even better than the beef.

Only issue is the line can get a bit backed up with all the options they have and people going in their first time.  It would be great if they could also put some guidance as to the options on the glass between the customers and the enchiladistas so you didn't have to keep stepping back and looking up.

I plan on going back at least weekly...and I don't think my husband will mind either :)
The enchiladas were really good but the tortilla soup was just ok. I took my kid who is 7 and we had a little trouble finding something for her to eat. The gal behind encounter was very accommodating and made her something that she wanted. We'll go again.
A spicy 3.5 stars!  A good value and locally owned venture in central Phoenix.  Stopped in and tackled some tacos to go.  There was a wide variety of meat and veggie options.

Sampled the Short rib and Chile-pork tacos that both had a little zip to them.  The chicken tacos are the safest bet on the spicy barometer, but still flavorful.  The homemade flour/corn tortillas are a nice touch.  I'd take the staff up on the offer to melt the cheese in the wood fire stove as our food was a little cold when we got home.  

I'll definitely go back to try some different combinations of meats and homemade salsas.

(Referring To-Go order) It seems that the packaging is a little over the top and wasteful - although beautifully done.  The food is served up in a circular aluminum foil pan, typical for Mexican fare, and then slid into an orange square sleeve for marketing purposes.  We had two dishes so they were then stuffed into a Spanish Inquisition styled contraption that then binds the two packages together.  While fun to watch the first time, it does slow down the line, then is annoying to cut off when you're to your destination and ready to scarf down.  All in all, I'd rather save the trees and the 45 seconds it takes to wrap them. (Perhaps change the packaging for the tacos as they we soggy when we got home)

The interior/exterior of the building are very contemporary, which adds to the allure of wanting to sit and have a beer with your meal. It makes a great alternative to Chipotle and your dollars stay local.  A few fine tweaks and it could easily be a 5 star experience:)
I haven't heard the exclamation, "Gadzooks!" since watching an English drawing room comedy on TCM during Alec Guinness Week or something equally British and old timey. It's a great exclamation. Like, "Zounds!" or "Sacré Bleu!" or "Bollocks!" Things Americans don't say. We usually just say the "F" word.

So when we checked out the newly renovated and freshly opened "Gadzooks: Enchiladas & Soup" in a 40-year-old building that was originally a filling station, then Miriam's Designer Clothes (FYI: Miriam was not on Project Runway), we naturally said, "Gadzooks! There's a new restaurant in town!" When we tried it out, we said, "The F-word! These are darn good!"

Dang! I mean, who doesn't love a great enchilada, right? We feel a little territorial about things like enchiladas here in the Southwest, too, because we do them so well. Cincinnati may have its Skyline Chili. New Orleans has its jambalaya. Coney Island has its hot dogs. We've got amazing Mexican food here.

Oy! So when cute, scruffy, friendly owner Aaron Pool graduated from ASU he followed his dream: he opened an 'Enchiladeria,' let's call it. But Aaron's vision is unique: you can customize what's really a genuinely handmade enchilada with a variety of fillings, toppings, sauces and condiments. When Aaron had this, "A ha!" moment he said, "Gadzooks!" The rest, as they say, is history.

Gosh! Once you enter Aaron's clean, bright, airy "enchiladeria" you'll see the menu posted above the friendly assembly line where someone like the totes adorbs inky Eric will help you navigate your way through 'Lada Land. You'll see the fresh tortillas being pressed right before your very eyes. Choose either corn or the half 'n' half corn & flour tortilla. They're thick, fluffy; big on texture and taste. If you're not in an enchilada mood, try a street taco. You'll get two of either, and stuff 'em with something like Roasted Tomatillo Chicken, Green Chile Pork Shoulder, Guajillo Braised Short Ribs, the melt-in-your-mouth Modelo Braised Bison, or other succulent stuffings. I happen to be a fan of the Sauteed Spinach Mushroom, too. Aaron's up with the "pollos" preparing the succulent viands at 4 a.m. No kidding!

Boo-ya! Smother it! Pick your sauce, pardner! Red, Green or "Christmas" style with both. They pop these comidas into a stone oven, and you get it piping hot.

Zoinks! You've also got time to add salsa-- and they've got four to choose from. Mix 'n' match! Top it with scratch-made crema (a smooth, Mexican sour
cream), cotija cheese, a crunchy, crisp cole slaw (we think it's fierce) and for a dollar more add sharp & creamy goat cheese, a griddle-fried egg or hand-smashed guacamole that's already rumored to be gaining a tasty reputation. Through the miracle of math, they've determined that there are 2,638,594 different combinations available. You won't get bored, believe me. You can even get a box of six enchiladas or tacos for $15 each to perk up your party. Talk about a bargain!

¡Ay karamba! Now you've got yourself a pair of fine enchiladas or tacos, señors y señoritas! A pair is right around the $6.75 mark and you can add a third for only $2 more.

Hey! Prefer something lighter"? Opt for a customizable, freshly chopped salad for $6.75. Feeling carnivorous? Add some meat for about two bits or so.

Dang! Soup is given short-shrift here with only one to choose from. (We hoped the "soup" might be plural. It isn't.) It's a dilly, however. It's Linda's (that's Aaron's frequently on-site mom) who offers up a delicious housemade Tortilla Soup for $3.95. We can't help but wish it came in a bowl, however, instead of a paper "to-go"- style cup.

¡Olé! If you really want a fiesta, try their 7th Street Sangria, Osborn Oro Margarita for $4 each, or a cool cerveza. That means, "beer." Currently "piped in," we're hoping they'll start brewing their ice tea, soon. Hint, hint.

Gadzooks! And that, amigos, is what they call, "the whole enchilada." You might even say the "F" word after you try 'em.
Take Chipotle and, cross it with wood-fired pizza minus the pizza, add your own personal twist then throw in some out of the ordinary choices (bison tacos, anyone?) and voila, Gadzooks.

You get to choose from soup, tacos or enchiladas and pick out your choice of meats and cheeses. After they stick it in the oven to get it all melty and toasty you add on veggies and our salas, perhaps grab and beer and your done.

I came not too long after it opened and it took a while to get my order in. A lot of that had to do with that fact that none of us really knew what our choices were. The menus aren't that clear so I found  myself guessing up to the last minute before making a rush decision as to not hold up the line any more.

 It was a little haphazard behind the counter as well because the staff didn't quite seem to know what was going on or what they were supposed to do. It was like a poor assembly line that went horribly slow to suddenly speed up. It was like watching Lucy and Ethel make enchiladas.

Once i got my order though the meat was tender and delicious and I really enjoyed it. I would probably go just a little less melty next time. I think I need to go a few more times and become more acquainted with the menu I'm sure I'll like it even more. I'm sure too that by now that staff are more experienced and running like a well-oiled machine.
It's a nice clean place with good food and a friendly staff.  Do it!
This place is totally amazing. They figured out how to make enchiladas not only fun and cool...but absolutely delicious. The meat selection is awesome...and the tortillas are incredible. Highly recommend. You will be back.
Quirkly good... Aligned with other reviews, it is similar to a Chipotle, but with enchiladas as the main fare. The ordering process is a bit clumsy, but the results are darn good.

I opted for a mix of veggies enchiladas - smashed potatoes, spinach, etc.. They are hand rolled and topped with the sauce of your choice. They add a few options - cheese, pico, etc.. that you can choose from.

The end result was top notch. Spicy, but not overpowering. Hot, but not so burning hot that I could not eat it immediately. 

The chips was really good as well.

Stop in, piece together enchiladas your style, pop a squat and enjoy. I will be back....
Pretty good lunch. I ordered two enchiladas and tortilla soup. I filled my enchiladas with bison and pork and chose the "hybrid" tortilla. Everything was good, but nothing to write home about.
Went back to give it another shot (now that we had experience ordering).  I really wanted to try the bison which was out the first time.  Now the bison is only available at lunch...huh?!?!?!! 

This time was total opposite...the food was not very good but the service was really great.  I had the potato enchilada and the chicken enchilada...pieces of the chicken were almost inedible, almost like they mixed overcooked, old chicken in with new chicken that was cooked OK.  The chicken alone ruined the whole meal.

There's a slim chance I would give it another shot, but with that chicken and now bison only at lunch...probably not.
Wow, what a  solid enchilada! It's kind of Chipotle style where you pick your meats and toppings and sauces etc, but way better quality. i went with the braised short rib, took  both red and green sauce and had them top it off with a fried egg. If that's not enchilada porn to you, we can't be friends. all in all, soild food at a great price!
I've been watching this place under construction for a while, and was glad to have the opportunity to pick up a late lunch to go today.  I wanted to try a variety of their options, so I got a 2 enchilada plate with chicken with green sauce and short rib with red sauce, as well as an order of chips with hot salsa on the side.

The food was fantastic.  I was a little skeptical of how they were going to pull off the cheese part in a to go order (my favorite part of enchiladas is the melted cheese on top!) but by putting the enchiladas in the oven right in a foil to go dish, the cheese was melted perfectly!  Both meats were tasty and high quality, and the sauces were savory and amazing.  The chips were clearly homemade and the salsa was plenty spicy but also flavorful.

I took off one star for an ambiance issue - it was SO loud in there with all of the stone/metal surfaces that it was hard to hear and speak to the line cooks to place my order without shouting and leaning a bit toward/over the super high glass partition.  A little bit of insulation for noise reduction would do wonders.

I can't wait to go back and try the cornbread and mashed potato enchiladas, as well as the chicken tortilla soup!
This is a very fun, creative, and healthy way to enjoy enchiladas.  While the setup does have a Chipotle-type feel, the ingredients are more unique.  I especially liked the oven element to warm your tasty enchilada.  My biggest complaint, there was not enough parking and seating was a challenge.  Notwithstanding, I will go back!
Tried the salad and 2 enchiladas. Was very good, thought it was good value for money. Ordering was a bit strange but I thought the servers tried to explain how to do it. It is a bit noisy inside though, if not, good experience and would recommend.
The enchiladas are unparalleled.  Quick and easy service with lots of options.  An upscale Chipotle.
I'm a pretty big fan of this place.  Yes the ordering can be a little time consuming, but when you consider that by the time you reach the end of the line, you are handed over a freshly baked casserole chocked full of yummy goodness, it sort of makes up for it all.

So there are a few things you should know when ordering.  1) You can get nachos.  They're not on the board, but they will make them up and they are delish (and big).  2) The soup is awesome.  I wish they offered more than one size but it is tasty and built to your tastes, just like everything else.  3) The spicy cornbread filling should be nominated for its own food group.  This is seriously the best thing that I have tasted in a really long time.  4) The grapefruit margarita is fantastic.  Perfectly crisp and refreshing for our super-hot summer days, do yourself a favor and get one or two (or three).  5) The pumpkin cookies with touch of caramel frosting is a must have.  It is the optimal ending for the meal and since it's not heavy, it's a great topper.

The staff is friendly.  The space is clean.  The food is fantastic.  Yep, I'm a pretty big fan!
Simply amazing.the food was so God, and the service was perfect. 5 stars all the way.
Gadzooks is a new taco joint in the Phoenix area, only their main staple is enchiladas not tacos. Sorta like Chipotle, but different. Overall, the good was pretty good but heavy for lunch. The issue this with Gadzooks is the choices, simply way too many of them. I counted a total of 7 distinct choices you need to make to get your enchilada, And halfway through the process, they pop it in the oven to heat. This maybe viewed as a positive by some, but not me. Why, takes too long to get your food! 

Long story short, decent food but the long wait will keep me away.
was not sure what to expect...but, it was fantastic. Some great choices and fresh ingredients.
I have no problem with choices, I happen to like them. Yes, there are a lot of items to choose from but the staff is happy to have you taste sauces and such to make sure you get what you like. I found the staff friendly and very accommodating and willing to explain how everything is prepared and how everything works.

I especially liked the beef short rib filling. It was delicious and melts in  your mouth. I thought the chips were a bit greasy and weren't really needed with the filling enchiladas so I will probably skip that next time. I also think I added too much to my enchiladas and so I couldn't taste everything distinctly. But that's my problem.

My one problem is that the place is called Enchiladas and Soup. I was really hoping to try both. Why not offer a one enchilada/cup of soup combo?
Comparing to Chipotle?  Sure, similar atmosphere.  Food?  Waaay better and truly delicious - after I had the enchiladas, I had to try the rib taco, which was awesome.  Value?  Some reviews say it's pricey, but these same people ought to call Chipotle pricey as well, since they are in the same ballpark.  Personally, I thought it was a good value, especially considering how tasty it was and some of the options available.  As far as service goes, I think they must have kicked into gear, because the counter people were friendly and helpful.  Every new business has its growing pains and maybe that is what a few reviewers experienced a few months ago, but I was personally very satisfied with this place, and glad I tried it.  Definitely will be returning soon.

Side note - to the person that said $1 for guacamole was too much - I hope you realize it's $1.80 extra at Chipotle, and try to make your own guac for cheaper...people do have to make some kind of profit, whatever measly amount they get from your $1.
My friend and I really wanted to try Gadzooks.  So, we finally went last week for lunch.  It is a cute little place off of 7th street & Osborn.  The downside on this place is that the parking is really small. 

The cool thing about this place is that they make your food right in front of you. Also it is like a chipotle, but they sell enchiladas.  

I got two enchiladas, one with chicken and the other one with short ribs with red and green sauce.  They even put a fried egg on top of it.  OMG it was really good.  So, if you are looking for a place to go for quick and great food.  You should totally go here.
Oh dear GOD! This place is so amazing. I seriously don't know how the lines aren't out the door and around the corner! My sister lives nearby and she demanded that we try it. Boy, was she right when she said it's like an orgasm in your mouth! Can you say QUALITY?!?! I feel like this is what I expected at Gallo Blanco but was disappointed. First of all, the tortillas are extremely fresh; considering they start with a ball of dough and flatten/cook it right on the grill in your face!! The three of us shared 4 tacos, 2 pork and 2 beef, half corn/half flour, with red AND green sauce; plus an enchillada with a fried egg on top!! I literally could not stop eating.  We somehow stopped ourselves from being super fatkids and took home some leftovers (portions are pretty generous). Still superb as a leftover btw. The staff was super nice, can't wait to come back!
Gazooks, Gazooks, Gazooks - I wanted to like you, I really did. Enchiladas and soup - interesting concept though mysteriously, I found only one soup on the menu upon arrival. Yes sir, I was greeted by a single lonely Tortilla soup but yet the "soup" part somehow snug into the restaurant's naming convention. And while on the topic of corn, please know that asking your staff if the corn was organic was akin to asking "what is the meaning of life?" It required pondering so deep that I was unlikely to get an answer in this lifetime. So I resigned myself to my GMO corn maza and headed past some dried out looking fillings (was that mashed potatoes I saw??) for the toppings...still hopeful.  What an  impressive array indeed.  There is not much I don't like about Pico de Gallo, except maybe for someone fishing for the spoon in its deepest depths. Glove or no glove, I'm not a fan of anything that requires being buried wrist deep. Call it a personal preference. I finally sat down in the noisy room amongst my fellow starved and desperate cubicle dwellers. Upon first bite,  I suddenly understood the importance of the topping selection. You see, without the addition of every creamy substance known to man, your enchiladas are regretfully forgettable. The overall concept strikes me as an interesting cross of Chipotle and Subway - just minus flavorful food, but with the general poor training of Subway staff. So Gazooks, we are not a match. It's me, not you. (Disclaimer: The aforementioned phrase is designed to maintain your self-esteem while really expressing that
 it is, in fact, you.)
Love this place! The staff is really friendly and there are vegan/raw options. I ordered the spinach and mushroom enchiladas (no cheese) and I was impressed!  It's hard to make enchiladas taste good without cheese, but the house-made salsas and guacamole did the trick.  I'm glad to find another cool local restaurant, I will totally come back.
I really appreciate it when a restaurant takes a simple concept and runs with it. There's no need to overcomplicate the menu if done right, and my friends, Gadzooks is a shining example of that. 

The menu is straightforward, enchiladas and soup. Enchiladas are prepped Chipotle style, by which I mean, you go down a line adding fillings/toppings to customize your 'ladas. If you know how your taste buds work, you shouldn't have a problem putting together a winning combination! This is especially true because everything is tasty. I've had the pleasure of trying the chicken, spare rib, pork, and bison (only served at lunch), and all left me craving more. My two favorites are probably the bison and the chicken though. As far as other ingredients to add, there's a great variety. Fresh veggies, salsas, sauces, guacamole, and even housemade crema set a definitive line between eating here and eating at your favorite Mexican hole-in-the-wall. Oh, and wasn't there something about soups? Nope. Soup. Gadzooks has one, it's tortilla; it sits in a huge pot on the stove intensifying and enhancing its flavors as the day goes on. Add some chicken to it, top it with some cheese, and send me a compliment about it later. I personally can't say no to the stuff.

Gadzooks is one of my new favorite spots. With great service, consistent quality, and delicious food, this simple concept could be all over the valley in no time. I am very pleased to have it in the neighborhood.
I went during their opening week and despite the obvious challenges they faced while learning a new restaurant and concept and staff I went back because the food is off the hook good and cheap as hell. 
Both times I got the half and half tortillas, I like the softness of the masa. I also got the chicken and short rib. The chicken is light and flavorful, the short rib is hearty and savory and smoky. 
I chose the "Christmas" sauce, half red, half green. the green is fruity, light and refreshing while the red is super smoky and hearty. I like the red better and need to remind myself for next time but the two together make a nice contrast. 
I got the cheddar cheese and then the guac and pico with the habanero on the side, its hot, and I mean hot. What I think is hot most people cannot eat. To me the habanero is edible but if you use too much you could ruin the meal. 
My friend got the chicken and the mushroom and loved both. He also tried the jalapeno ranch dressing and it was awesome ( I stole some). 
The first time we visited was their opening week and the wait was tough, the food ran out, the staff was over their heads. 
This time the wait was non existent, the food plentiful and fresh and the staff orderly and efficient. What a difference a few months made!!

Some people complain of "chipotle with enchiladas", and the resemblance is there in the production line and the mexican flavor but thats where it ends. With the huge amount of choices and customization as well as the food being 10x as flavorful this is the clear winner. 
The food is as flavorful as Richardsons or Barrio Cafe. no joke. 
I am glad to see they worked out the bugs. 
Eat here. Again and again.
I hardly ever take the time to write out a review, but this experience could not go ignored. I would  have much rather spent my hard earned money elsewhere. 

The glass that separates you and the ordering counter must make it hard for them to hear, I had to repeat myself constantly. It would've been helpful to have been told that from the get go instead of figuring it out at the end. 

I asked for a sample of the chicken because I've never been and was having a hard time ordering, the guy looked at me like I was stupid for asking. I pointed at little plastic containers they had by the meat and said that they must obviously give samples. He finally let me try a bit.  It was a big ordeal to find out how long of a wait it was for the green chile pork to come out. I had to ask him like 4  different times if he would just make one with the little bit that was left. He acted annoyed for having to scoop out the meat that was left because it required a bit more effort. 

The lady at the checkout was rude when I asked if I could pay while I waited for it to finish cooking.  She ignored us until I asked for drink cups. All in all, the food was ok (the tortilla soup was a massive disappointment, they don't even put tortilla in it. Don't order it if you are a fan of tortilla soup, the flavor was off), the service sucks and the line is a cluster f***k. At least chipotle has an efficient and friendly assembly line. I will not be returning. Much better places to support in the area.
Really flavorful.  Fun experience to really personalize my food, which is nice because i'm picky.  The staff was eager to let me sample.  I didn't think i would ever be interested in having a cornbread filling, but i'll have to do that next because it was amazing!  I ordered two enchiladas: one pork and one chicken, with the red sauce.  I think next time i'll have get the fried egg, because the sauce and pork were so dark a flavor that it needed it to smooth it out for my tastes.  (I fried my own egg to go with my left overs, yum)  
I think for a local small start-up business to expect them to have the multitude of ingredient available all the time, is a lot to expect.    They had everything there for us to try!  The menu was a little confusing only in that i didn't know why they listed salad dressings like they might apply to an enchilada, and it would have been nice if there were little signs labeling what all the ingredients were on the glass.  It also would have been helpful to have paper menus to grab and step aside to read over.  I felt uncomfortable standing next to a table of customers eating to read the menu so that others could go ahead of me. 
I don't have the best hearing, but did okay talking through the glass and wide counter.
I finally got to try this new neighborhood joint. It was GREAT. The staff was enthusiastic and gracious, the price was reasonable (even a bit low given the quality of the food), and the food was fantastic. Hand-crafted tortillas, custom-built, fire baked enchiladas with a multitude of fillings, amazing sauces, and killer soup means I will be back. 

I had 2 enchiladas with spinach-mushroom filling, the smoky red sauce, and topped with pickled onions, slaw, and 3-chile vinaigrette. I also had soup with no meat and added a dollop of super-flavorful mashed potatoes. 

If you go right at noon on a weekday, expect the lunch crowd crush to make parking and eating in a challenge. I got there at 11:45 and had no trouble. 

If I were trying to grab a quick lunch with a friend during work, I would probably be prepared to send one person in to place a to-go order while the other person drives around the block. 

Support this little gem. The building has been empty for so long, and I hear rumor that a Qdoba or ZTejas is being built right across the street. It is up to the locals to keep local options alive!

PS please consider adding packs of a dozen tortillas to go to your menu. I would definitely buy them to have at home.
The ordering process is a bit confusing and when we told them it was our very first visit and we needed help knowing the order process they still didn't make it very clear what all the options were.  Oh well, we eventually sorted it out.  And the other reviewer said that the menu board is poorly placed was SPOT ON.  As it is you have to stand back several feet to read it and then walk up to the counter to order.  It's awkward because right after you walk in the employees are asking you if they can help you, but if you are a 'first timer' then you are probably still standing 10 feet away looking straight upwards trying to decipher the menu and options.  It makes everything seem rushed and confusing.

I ordered the tortilla soup and it was lukewarm as soon as took one spoonful of it.  I had to go straight back and ask the cashier to please have someone put it in the oven and heat it up, and afterwards it was delivered back to our table by a sullen employee who seemed offended that I asked them to heat up my room temperature soup.  No apologies, nothing.  (Seriously, I don't think the flame was even on under the soup pan on their stove, it was that chilled.)  

My husband's food looked better and was piping hot because they actually put it into their wood brick oven before he got it.  He liked his food a lot, I did NOT like mine at all.  To be completely honest, even if my soup had been served at a normal temperature it was bland, with very little definition or texture (aside from mush) and almost no zip.  

We both LOVED their chips and salsa though.  Delicious!

Well probably be back to try them one more time as I really want these guys to succeed because I live right down the street and I love their concept, but if I get another room temperature bowl of soup it'll definitely be a MAJOR issue.
So disappointed since it's in my neighborhood. Interesting format but sloppy and disorganized assembly line. All the meats were super spicy, which paired with salsa, was way too hot. The tortilla soup remnants we had had NO TORTILLA, if there's no tortilla, its not tortilla soup! /end. The cookies were the highlight of the meal.

Now, they also have HORRENDOUS customer service! First off, no ice. I am so irritated that I will not come back again and will tell anyone who will listen how rude the blond cashier was. My sister had accidentally spilled our soup all over her hands and on the floor. No big deal, but not a single napkin in sight. When we asked for some, she returned with a wad of brown paper towels and then completely ignored us. Not a single staff member offered to replace our spilled soups or came to clean it up, just kept moving along as if they expected us to clean up the soup ourselves. I hate to think that it was a race thing, but their behavior was completely suspect. The manager came up to her to ask what happened, nodded, then returned to the assembly line. When I asked for a drink, she said there's no ice. But when she rung up this lovely young white couple, she said that they were making more and would bring it to them. WTF, I guess they don't want us black folks eating there.

P.S. This place doesn't hold a candle next to Barrio Cafe or Richardson's, what a joke.
We were so stoked to give this place a try, but we were seriously disappointed. A good concept and well-braised meats were not enough to compensate for the main sauces (red and green) falling flat. The red sauce was especially awful... bitter and I found it ruined the whole dish. The green sauce needed salt and lacked real flavor. Individual components were well executed, but the sauces literally destroyed the whole meal and I couldn't finish mine, despite attempting to scrape the sauce off. I would absolutely come back if the chef modified his main recipes as this neighborhood spot is loaded with potential.
Just like Chipotle, but better! Try the tortilla soup or the enchiladas!
It has a Chipotle vibe but instead of burritos they specialize in enchiladas. Good ass food but a bit
Overpriced
I went the other day for lunch and the place is pretty good (really 4.5 stars). I got the cornbread enchiladas, a unique concept in and of itself, with the red sauce. The red sauce had a very mellow heat that didn't overpower the flavor and meshed well with the slightly sweet cornbread. 

I will definitely be back to try some of the other menu items and support a local business that is churning out excellent food at reasonable prices.
What's not to love? Amazing, fresh, unique food and friendly service. I loved the cornbread enchiladas with red sauce. Definitely go for the fried egg on top. YUM.
Norm R. sent me an email back in May suggesting I check this place out.
Since it's in my neighborhood, I'd been driving by and waiting for it to open.

I was able to get in the first time in June. We stopped in for a snack (my cousin had just arrived from NYC and was hungry - but we didn't want to eat too much, as we had dinner reservations in a few hours.)

We did a fair sampling of the menu. My cousin had enchiladas, I had tacos, and my sister had a salad. I honestly don't remember who had which protein in which dish - but between the three of us, we had a nice variety.

All of us were content with what we had, and none of us had a difficult time navigating the menu.

Everything was fresh and tasty. Not the most amazing food I've ever had - but it's quick, fresh and affordable. And I think it's a few steps above Chipotle in both flavor and personality.

I've been in a couple times since then, and have always been happy with my selection. The food always hits the spot.

Good stuff! Just hoping they expand to soups - plural. I'd like to see more than chicken tortilla offered.
Innovative concept, surprising variety of menu options and fresh ingredients. It is a couple more bucks per person than Chipotle or Q-Doba but definitely worth it.
Hesitantly tried a cornbread enchilada and I must say it was surprisingly delicious. The verde chicken was just okay but the sauces guac & melted cheese made everything better! I'll be back to try out more stuff!
Chipotle meets enchiladas! What a great idea.  I was so excited to try this place and I'm glad Amy H convinced me to get out of the office for lunch! My food was pretty good, but I don't think I picked the right combination... and I definitely didn't pick the right salsa... it was smoking hot and I had poured all over my enchiladas which made the tops of them virtually inedibile.  I'm definitely going to go back and hope to upgrade it 4 stars with better combinations. Something to keep in mind, I am not a big eater, but I feel like the portions were really small. My giant would have been starving, and could easily eat a double order.  Maybe it was because I'm a vegetarian.... Also, if you go at lunch... parking is tricky!!
My husband and I were on our way home from Vegas, and we decided to stop in Phoenix for lunch. We intended to go to another restaurant, but I stopped when we drove by Gadzooks. I didn't even have this place bookmarked, but I remembered hearing about it in the New Times.

I'm glad we came after the lunch rush because I might have frozen up from all the choices. I went with the spinach/mushroom and potato enchiladas on the corn/flour tortillas and topped them with green sauce, pickled onions and guacamole. I like that they are broiled right in front of you so they're still piping hot at your table. The tangy green sauce was great, and I liked both fillings, especially the sinful potatoes. My husband got three different meat tacos; his favorite was the bison. The tortillas don't really hold up for tacos, though. His started falling apart after a few bites so he ended up eating them as enchiladas. 

I'm more than ready to go back and try more of the options.
Really good food. Clean. Cheap. Friendly. Win.
Good food but not worth the wait nor cold food. Been here once and I was not impressed w/ how inefficient the staff operated. The take out is served in a Aluminum container w/ wrapping paper and strings as a lid. Took about 30 minutes to get through the short line and by the time I got home my food was cold. Food was def over priced.
This place is fantastic!  Food is always as fresh as can be, served in piping hot dishes and so filling. Great beer selection in bottles and the chips and gauc are do die for. I will be coming here for a long time ...Did I hear franchise???
I was excited to see an enchilada and soup shop open.  Soup... not soups... they only serve one kind. The food is flavorful but the process is difficult. The staff appear grungy and have no sense of urgency. It's concerning they don't wear hair nets. One of the employee's pants had grease stains and the t shirts on the gals were grossly form fitting. Just not what I expect when someone is making my food.   I've been twice. Once when they opened and again a few weeks ago.  Both times they were out of something on the menu.  The concept of a string tying machine is interesting but completely a waste. It almost seems as though they rushed to open and skipped on important details. I truly hope the owner reads these reviews because the food is good and the place has such potential. It seems like there are too many employees on shift which makes for a complete social hour.  I drive by every day and am starting to see an empty parking lot. I hope the owner acts on just a few of these issues. It would be a shame to see this place close needlessly.  PS... It appears another taco shop is opening up across the street. Please take action and make it easier for patrons to support local business.
Been meaning to try this place for a while now. So glad we finally did! Great food for a great price and so many options! You can mix up the fillings or get extra on the side for only a buck. The chicken was juicy and delicious. We will be back...and soon!
Don't get me wrong, the Enchiladas are very good, but the menu item I will dream about is called Linda's Homemade tortilla soup.  Now as some may know, I am a soup lover.  This soup is more like a spicy chicken soup, although I think you can choose any meat to add that's on the menu.  Topped off with a bit of Jack cheese and crema and you have yourself quite a meal for $3.95.  Be advised, they get busy for lunch and you may wait awhile.  Service has always been friendly as expected.
I have to say I was quite pleased with my first visit to Gadzooks. Had the tortilla soup with chicken as well as a bag of chips and salsa. The soup was quite hardy and the chips were excellent. I'll definitely be returning soon.

The only thing that looks like a challenge might be the parking on a busy Friday night, but I went at 9:30 when they seem to be winding things down.
I love enchiladas. They are my favorite Mexican food. 

When I saw this place - I thought "What? An enchilada-only place?" I think it blew my mind. Coming from NYC, should expect the "specialty" restaurants that specialize in one type of food only (e.g. Mac and cheese, meatballs, etc.) but in Phoenix? 

Anyway, a friend and I stopped there on a whim. I was not surprised, but amazed at how good this was. The concept is really "line" style - (read: Subway) where you pick your tortilla, then your meat, then your toppings and slide on down. 

I ordered 2 enchiladas. First, the tortillas. I did the half wheat/half corn. They are super soft and chewy, with a soft texture. Next, the chicken and then the cheesy potato fillers. Both delicious. Gadzooks offers two vegetarian options: one is potato/cheese for the filler and the second is spinach. Then the topping - green salsa please. Some cheese on top - and into the oven it goes to warm up and crisp up the cheese on top. Just like a pizza. 

The last time I was there - I tried the tortilla soup. I love tortilla soup - in all kinds and types. This was rich and perfectly seasoned. I will definitely get it again.
As a veg my review may contrast others.

This place is a chipotle of enchiladas. Pick your tortilla filling(s) and toppings.

For the veg crowd there are 3 ish choices, spinach and mushrooms (good concept but need a bit more flavor and mushrooms), pepper jack potatoes and corn bread. I have only tried the former two to date. For sauce there is only 1 veg option the green. top it with some cheese, melt it and then some salsa and slaw. Looks great.

The down sides are
1. lines quickly form as the melting of the cheese becomes a bottle neck
2. The taste is nothing special the green sauce and the soft tortillas makes this remind me of an Amy's dish
3. I was still hungry afterwards

Give it a try and see if it is your thing, for me my ~7 can be spent elsewhere.
First of all I hate giving local businesses bad reviews but after going to this place twice I had to review it.

I know they are not known for their nachos but I love nachos and when I was told they had good nachos I wanted to try it asap. The first time I got chicken nachos. They were covered in Chicken. I could not taste the chips, cheese, guac, because it was just all chicken. They give few chips. Literally I picked off a pile of chicken on a plate and I still had more than I knew what to do with in the nachos. I kind of wrote the place off because the nachos were almost inedible. 

Then comes tonight. I was craving nachos again. They are so close that I figured I would give it another shot and just get them vegetarian this time. Again they were skimpy on chips, when I said no meat they did not offer any beans or anything to substitute the beans. So I got the guacamole again which they charged me extra for. When I got the total I asked if I was charged the same as with meat and the unsmiling person ringing me up said yes. Not only did I get charged the same as I would have with a pile of meat on my nachos but they charged me extra for guac! A few chips and some cheese should not cost 9 dollars. I can go to Tico's and get vegetarian nachos with veggies, beans, guac, etc for a similar price and they are twice as large. 

The cheese was completely hard and there was more pico than chips. Really unimpressive.

They could learn something from chipotle and give the vegetarians their guac for free if they are going to charge them for the meat they are not eating.

Never again.
Outstanding food. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Very clean and modern looking. I highly recommend you try this new establishment out.
With a movie under our belts, it was time for nourishment. What better place to so that than Gadzooks? This being our first time, I wasn't fully sure how to order, but with some assistance from the very friendly staff, we were able to get what we wanted. I ordered the green chile pork, red sauce and mixed cheeses. After a brief heating in their flaming oven, I had the hot (not the lava) salsa added, along with the crema. While I found the meat to be a little on the dry side, all the flavors popped wonderfully. It's just the right size portion to fill you up without stuffing you. I'll be back to eat my way through the menu.
This place has been open for about a few months and I haven't been here until yesterday.  WOW!  This is some good food for not a whole lot of money.
Uugh.  I too hate giving local businesses bad reviews, but the food there was simply terrible.  I ordered tacos and they served them up enchilada style.  I mean it was actually funny that all they had to do is give me tacos and instead they plunked massive amounts of cheese over these tacos and served them up enchilada style!  So I tried to eat them, and truthfully even if they just served me the tacos the food tasted terrible and it was overpriced to boot.  Finally, I know this is terrible to say, but the server girl in line had so many piercings on her face and in her nose it was kind of disgusting.  I get that people want to express themselves with piercings, but when I'm buying food from you, I don't want to see metal drooping out of your nose.  Just saying...
Super fresh food but the line is too long for a quick-service restaurant and ordering my food was kinda a hassle because the menu is like over your head; it's hard to see.  It's like they tried to copy Chipotle but offer better quality food.
Love this concept!  I think I could seriously eat enchiladas at least once a week and Gadzooks makes we want to eat them here.  The cornbread and potato enchiladas were amazing...unique options and super flavorful.  The staff was very friendly and helpful with recommendations, the patio was pet friendly and the prices are ridiculously reasonable.  

They told me today that they won best chicken taco this weekend at the AZ Taco Festival, so you definitely want to check this place out!
This is a great place to go either by yourself or with one other person. Somewhat difficult to order and sit with a group, especially when the restaurant is busy. 

Food is really really good, though.  I got 2 enchilads with the green chile pork, red sauce, over easy egg, and guac. Definitely worth the additional cash, I t hink. 

Overall the atmosphere of this place is decent. It's like the chipotle of enchialada places which is nice. Nothing that sets it apart, really.
Awesome
Amazing service
Starving and this place made me smile
Got the two enchilada one with green chile pork the other with short rib
And their chicken with corn bread taco
This place exceeded all expectation
I just went here tonight and I do not know why I haven't been here before! The place was really inventive with the fillings for the enchiladas. They had corn bread and mashed potatoes and short rib and all kinds of deliciousness. I got enchiladas like I've never had before. Short rib and mashed potato with christmas style sauce (red and greed), a fried egg, slaw, pico, cheese, ohhh my, it was delicious. Also got the guac, which was wonderful! I got two enchiladas and still have plenty left for lunch tomorrow. I will definitely be back!! (I had a taste of the cornbread...and I need more!)
After my initial experience here, the most immediate question in my mind is how well capitalized are their investors?

To the uninitiated Gadzooks appears to have been created to be as much a Chipotlé spinoff as possible.  From the hip, industrial design of the interior to the simplified menu options.  They've also borrowed Chipotlé's basic "build your own"  menu format.  Except rather than burritos - it's enchiladas... And as an afterthought soup.  

While Chipotlé's menu is easy and intuitive, Gadzooks offers a 7 step choose your own adventure book accessed only by reading the most awkwardly placed chalkboard in restaurantdom.   The enchilada was bland.  The service seemed to be working awfully hard for so few guests.  The atmosphere was stylish but cramped.  

I think these guys set out with a good idea, let's hope they have the capital to fix their fundamentals and get back on track.
I finally made it to the place tonight and was pleasantly surprised!!  The concept is similar to chipotle but still has its own unique experience. The staff was very helpful and knowledgable of their products and would recommend this place to anyone.
First time visit and I Really enjoyed this place. Specialty beer, outdoor seating, fresh delicious food. I definitely will be back!
Check out this hipster spot!  The Enchiladas are not your whole in the wall variety.  You can customize the inside, outside, and aroundsides on this bad boy.  

Great concept, great food.  Can't wait to go again.
Gadzooks Enchiladas & Soup 
         "Just wasn't for me"


Gadzooks is a create-it-yourself restaurant with a hip and trendy vibe. Gadzooks offers enchiladas, tacos, chopped salads and house made tortilla soup. The staff at Gaszooks is accommodating, friendly, personable, and knowledgeable about the products they provide.  The atmosphere is stylish but very cramped. 

I guess I was really expecting more, considering all the positive reviews I read and this is why I feel terrible for saying the food at  Gadzooks was bland and poorly executed. On my first visit to Gadzooks I had the two enchiladas meal. First you select a bread. I choose corn tortillas,  Next it was time to select a meat. I  went with the braised short ribs. After you select your meat your ready to add the enchilada sauce. I choose the "Christmas" red and green,  two distinct sauces. Then your creation is topped with cheese, and  there are a few cheeses to choose from. I tried the Chihuahua Cheese. The medium size deep dish is then placed into a brick oven to bake. I added a few extras like Uncle Rico's pico and scratch made crema. 

To be honest the food just wasn't good. The enchiladas were bland and soupy. Even tho Gadzoooks offers numerous toppings, I think less is better. The enchiladas seem to be covered with as much cheese and sauce as possible and this took away form the flavor of the meat.  Gadzooks wasn't the worst food nor the best, just disappointing. 

  
However ending on a positive note I LOVED their chips.
Wow, amazing food.  Tell them what you want and that's what you get. The Enchiladas are put together to your taste and the lava was for real.  

Parking lot is too small and seating is a bit on top of eachother, so come early or take a late lunch.
Though I am neither a vegetarian nor gluten-intolerant, I do have family and friends that are. While neither of those specific family or friends were with me on this particular evening, the person in line infornt of me was gluten-intolerant and the person in line behind me was a vegetarian.
I was very impressed how when they each explained their dietary restrictions to the person helping them that each staff member knew exactly what that customer could and could not have and explained their menu items and what was in each, down to which items were made with chicken stock (which I've noticed some people don't seem to realize that just because there are no chunks of meat in something, that if made with an animal stock is NOT vegetarian).
It's nice to see a business properly and thoroughly train their employees about their food beyond the information needed to be provided the majority of its customer base. Gadzooks realizes that the majority is not the entire customer base and has accomodated those with other dietary needs with a place to go and eat at with the assurance that they are infact able to enjoy their food without fear that the person helping them gave them false information.
Wife and I took the kids to lunch. Fantastic food at decent price. Three enchiladas, each different meat. Will definitely go back.
Good food fun vibe.  Bison and short rib enchiladas, very good.  Lava sauce actually hot!! Bueno Buebo.   Small parking lot but a must try.
I love coming here.  The food is fresh and good and you can get in and out in 20 minutes (usually......not at lunch though, it is packed).  My favorite is the enchilada stuffed with a corn bread........it is so friggin good.  The guacamole is excellent and I usually hit this place up at least once a week.
Great food. It's got flavor and it tastes fresh. It was the perfect lunch on a cold and rainy day. I had three enchiladas with green and red sauce and some fantastic habanero sauce. Did not leave disappointed and hope to come back soon.
So creative and delicious! Goat cheese and cornbread in an enchilada? Yes, please!
Despite rave reviews from other Yelpers and friends, I found my Gadzooks experience tonight fairly average. Now, my choices were more limited as a vegan, but I was looking forward to the spinach-mushroom tacos. I topped them off with Pico de Gallo and guacamole. We also ordered the chips with the roasted Roja salsa. 
The corn tortillas were outstanding and held up so well to the filling. I found the sauteed spinach-mushroom combo to be okay, not anything too flavorful. The guacamole needed something more, in my opinion. If I am going to eat guacamole while visiting AZ, I have high expectations. I thought it was bland. The chips were also okay. So, my meal was good but nothing that would bring me back in a hurry. I will say the enchiladas looked delicious. Worth a try if you are in the area, especially for cheese and meat lovers.
It took me a while to get in, because the name was somewhat deceiving. What is GadZooks? And what does it have to do with Enchiladas? I still don't know, but after a few recommendations I have it a try. I have since been back a few times. 

Despite its odd name, GadZooks is like a chipotle for Enchiladas. You basically pick out your filling (from about 8 choices), sauce, and then condiments (ie cheese, lettuce, Guac). Staff then cook it in the oven and send you on your way. I'm also a fan of the pumpkin cookies they have been serving during the fall. 

I haven't yet tried any of the soups, but the enchiladas were tasty. Another note- this isn't exactly authentic Mexican food, and chiles are very mild (to set proper expectations).
Get beyond the name and they may have something here. It's a great play off of the build to order service ie Chipotle etc, but instead of burritos it's enchiladas. I love the idea, but was a little disappointed by the descriptions of ingredients, ambiance and service. I think there should be a little more info on the sauces/salsa's. Might be a little helpful for those going for the first time. The place itself is a little stark or cold feeling. Maybe somewhat picky, but me and gf both thought the place felt weird. The service was sub par. The soup that was ordered was forgotten about and instead of reheating it because it sat on the counter they just served it to us cold. 

The upside is that this place is a great idea and good food here. The flour/corn tortillas are delicious and meat is tender and seasoned well. We will give another shot and update the review.
Very cool concept! Chipotle style enchiladas, but with much more creative offerings. I came here for dinner tonight with my husband and I decided on the tortilla soup, and my husband ordered the enchiladas. I chose the short rib as an added option which was fantastic, very juicy and flavorful. The soup had a ton of vegetables and herbs in it and was quite filling. My husband went with a spicy cornbread stuffing enchilada, and a green chile pork with white cheese, red sauce, and sour cream. The cornbread had a similar flavor as a tamale, I couldn't stop stealing bites of this one. I really like how you can customize your order and there's plenty of options if you want to go dairy free or vegetarian. It was also very reasonable, dinner for 2 was $15! I will definitely return.
I had heard great things about this place and was so excited to try it.  Soooooo glad that I did.  :) 
The decor of the place is simple but there is a nice patio seating area so that you can enjoy the weather.  I think I was a Pavlovian dog, while waiting in line to place my order.  I chose two enchiladas one with pork green chili and the other a potato and cornbread mixture.  Smothered in a green chili sauce and baked to perfection. Definitely add the fried egg on top, it makes everything taste yummy.
Food wasn't bad. Somewhat salty. The cashier was straight rude. I ordered Tortilla Soup when I got to the cashier and she annoyingly informed me that I should of ordered it at the beginning with my enchiladas. She then asked me what I want in my soup. I asked her what were my choices. She said that it was everything on the line. Again, she was rude and annoyed. I told her to forget it. I'll try it again but if they are rude again I probably won't go back
Went in for lunch and got two tacos - one chicken, one pork. The menu is a little confusing and you're stuck gaping at the chalkboard on the ceiling while the workers stare at you, which is weird and not too flattering. I'd much rather have the choices on the glass in front of the toppings and myself or a menu on the side wall, so I can just pick what I want down the assembly line without having to listen to the explanation of each. I'm not a fan of Chipotle and didn't realize this is basically the same concept. 
As mentioned in other reviews, they didn't bake the enchiladas (my mom's choice) very long. I also had my tacos baked to melt the cheese which was a nice option. The tortillas were VERY good (we got the lard mix), the meat was a good quality and tasty, I liked the cabbage mix also. I added guacamole for $1 but it was little too spicy for me - most people would probably like it. The tacos were STUFFED and overall really good. I didn't try mom's enchiladas because she said the green sauce would be too spicy for me (I'm a wuss when it comes to spice, what can I say). 

Two plates with a soda for just under $20. Not the most cost effective lunch I've had, but seems pretty standard. Would love the menu location change/expansion, longer oven bake time, and a way to buy those tortillas to go.
I've been to GadZooks a few times. I go here when I want an enchilada that's got a little extra something. I love being able to customize. And they have an overwhelming number of options so I recommend going with someone who can suggest something to get you started. (I need a lot of time to take in all the options which doesn't work if you're eating with other people.) anyway I had the cornbread in my enchilada. (It sounds a little weird but it's really really good!) I've tried both the red mesquite sauce and the green sauce.  I thought the mesquite was too hot for me but it was really good if you like that.  I haven't had any issues with service.
I'm obsessed. The handmade tortillas are what initially excited me. I go back for the cornbread.  The cornbread stuffing is so dAAAlishus it angers me. I don't like experiencing such deliciousness, as I want to make it last forever. 

The tortilla chips are great!! ! I'm a big fan of tortilla chips, and these chips make my top 3 list for the phoenix area! Light, Fresh, crispy, savory. 

The concept is great- a variant of Chipotle (where you pick your enchilada mix-ins in an assembly like fashion) but with greater character, authenticity, quality and savoriness. 

The meats are flavorful and fresh. The portions are hearty! 

There's one employee who is so friendly and explanatory;  she walks us through the options. She always makes it a pleasant experience (younger female with gauged ears- sorry for the lack of better description).

 My only reservation: some of the salsas are a little too tangy for my taste. I would love to see a hearty roasted molcajete salsa.
Arrgh, just when I kicked my Chipotle habit, this place comes along.  Some great tortilla soup, custom made enchiladas that come out of the oven piping hot.  Why didn't some one come up with this earlier?  My biggest gripe is the parking lot, not the easiest to negotiate a little parking lot on 7th street during prime rush hour but worth it.  Oh they have great snickerdoodle and Mexican wedding cookies for purchase right at the counter!
Similar to Chipotle, but on a local Phoenix mom n pops level, and with enchiladas instead of burritos. I really like that it's local!

Pros:
-Local
-Simple decor with good ambiance
-Fast friendly and helpful service behind the counter.
-Plenty of choices to fill and and top your 'lada

Cons:
-The menu is way above your head on the wall and hurts your neck to read it.
-Maybe too many choices and somewhat confusing what to add and when to add it.
-Food tastes decent,nothing special, not terrible but all kind of tastes the same. We had four ladas with four different meats, sauces, and toppings and couldn't really taste much difference between the four.

I would probably give this place another shot, but maybe try tacos and soup next time.
Chipotle meets gourmet enchiladas. That's what is going on... and I like it.
The little lady and I have been to Gadzooks numerous times, and we love it. It is one of central Phoenix's gems, and if nothing else, it is the best Mexican food at this particular intersection (those of you familiar with the intersection will know what I'm referring to). It's funny, every time we go it takes us a few minutes to figure out what we want. The staff is always quick to offer to explain how things work and discuss any recent changes on the menu. I want to tell then we have been before, but they are so friendly, we just let them explain it. 

The concept is pretty simple, it is Chipotle style enchiladas. They also have soup, but we haven't had it so I can't vouch.  The enchiladas are excellent. The yukon gold sounds odd (a potato enchilada?), but I crave them like a fat kid craves cake. I am also partial to the short rib, and pork. Others are good too, but I can (or at least should) only eat three per sitting so this is my typical order. We prefer the green sauce, but we usually do. The slaw is awesome too, gives the food a little crunch. Everything just depends on our mood, customize and enjoy!
My new favorite spot for quick mexican food! I have always had a hankerin' for enchiladas, and these WILL NOT DISAPPOINT. On my first go I got 1 each of chicken, short ribs, and a pork carnitas. Man they where good, not even good but exceptionally great. If you want a quality meal in under 5 minutes check this place out!

Try the pickled onions, might sound kinda gross but they work sooooo well IMO!
The short: The sauces/salsas and soup were too salty for me, some of the seating was tight, and the ordering process was a bit confusing or overwhelming for new customers, but the fillings were really delicious--extra kudos for offering several tasty vegetarian options. 

The long: If you're new, I recommend you stand back, look at the giant overhead menu, and formulate a game plan before you walk up to the counter, because once you do, you walk under the menu so it's out of sight. You have to be quick, too, because the only place to view the menu without being in the way is just inside the door. I wish the menu were along the back wall so it could always be in sight. Every dish is built the same way, even the soup, which is why I was confused when the toppings I requested in my enchiladas started to be piled on top of my soup. 

We ended up getting a bowl of soup with green chili pork shoulder on top (I'd meant for it to go into the enchilada and couldn't stop them in time before they plopped it on top of the soup) and four enchiladas: guajillo braised short ribs, sauteed spinach mushroom, smashed jack potato, and cornbread in corn tortillas. All of these fillings were amazing--flavorful, clean, fresh, and filling. The pork shoulder and cornbread were my favorites. The pork was so, so tender and moist--probably one of the best savory bites I've had in a long time. We tried both the red and green sauces and the pico and salsa verde. This is where the salt shriveled my tongue, pickled my guts, and hardened my arteries. The soup was also way too salty for me, and I couldn't finish it. I got a fried egg on top of my enchiladas, and that was a bit salty, too. For the most part, I was glad the tortillas protected the fillings from the sauces because I ended up just prying into them and eating the fillings about halfway through. My boyfriend agreed that it was pretty salty, but he managed to finish most of his meal and didn't say it was too salty to finish. Honestly, I want to say it was just my taste buds, but it was the saltiest food I can remember eating.

As for the ambiance, it's all right. Plain furniture and walls, brightly lit, and thankfully no loud music, but the chairs, especially near the window, were tight. After I sat down, someone sat down behind me and trapped me in so I had to scoot out sideways because I couldn't even turn around to ask him to let me out. I'd aim for one of the tables down the middle of the room next time.

We finished off by splitting a glazed pumpkin cookie--tender and cakey, and one I'd definitely eat again.

I do want to try them again, but until I know if either my taste buds or their kitchen were just off or I've just gotten too sensitive to salty food, I think I'll just top my stuff with cheese and get some salsa on the side.
My family enjoyed a really yummy dinner here!  The tortillas are delicious, the rib meat stuffing was great and my dad's favorite.  My daughter loved the pork.  I had the rib meat, yum, and loved the mild red sauce.  I'm quite a wimp and appreciated that this had flavor without frying my tongue.  A little fresh crema and cheese mellowed it out perfectly.  

In an odd twist, they had pumpkin spice cookies with brown sugar frosting on the counter.  At first I thought, what an odd choice after enchiladas.  Turns out they were insanely good and very good after enchiladas!

Apparently I am old and I say things like "it's too noisy in here"... because it was a bit.  The only menu is up way high so I just got a general idea of what I wanted and asked a lot of questions.  The staff was great and didn't seem to mind.  

Everyone in the family really did enjoy the meal - we were the clean plate club.  Next visit, I am getting my own spinach and mushroom enchiladas.  And, I must confess, another cookie :-)
Enchiladas just the way you want them. Line was a bit slow (lunch rush) but the food was great!
This is a great little place offering an interesting take on the enchilada. Ordering is pretty much Chipotle-style, where you pick out your ingredients and toppings. However, the quality of the food far surpasses Chipotle, Cafe Rio or other similar places. 

There are several ways to customize your enchilada, meats, sauces, cheeses and vegetarian fillings. You can also order a Poblano pepper stuffed with anything you want and served up enchilada style - absolutely delicious. They even have the option of throwing a fried egg on top, which is a must if you're looking for an authentic Southwest enchilada.
Amazing! Excellent value. The enchiladas are delicious. I didn't know they were fully customizable, but they are. You can't really go wrong with any of the choices.

As for soup, there is only one kind of soup, but it's as customizable as the enchiladas. I'll definitely be back.
I had here what I think, in my humble opinion, was the most authentic and delicious gourmet enchilada plate I've had in my life. I grew up in Mexico and tried the lot. I've had from curb-side to high-end restaurants. This was quite a treat and this place takes the gold. 
For a quick bite to eat I always resorted to stop at chipotles which was my favorite, until now. This place elevates Mexican food to a whole new level. The place has a similar feeling to chipotles, very rustic. 
You can see the pots and pans being used to cook delicious meats that probably had been simmering all morning before opening. All the ingredients are fresh and they taste fresh. Crema from scratch? When a business is taking their time to make something as basic as crema fresca from scratch, you know you will not to be disappointed. 
Enough with the talk. I encourage you to give this place a go. I know they have tacos and salads but they are a dime a dozen in this city. Not saying by this they are not as good, but good enchiladas are hard to find.
Service is rough. Went there today around 1pm with a coworker and there were only 3 people in line but we were in there 30 min (and our order was to go!). I didn't get anything because they were out if chicken, from what I overheard they run out certain food items often. Anyways, no one greeted us. We stood in front of two people making tortillas for 5 min and they didn't even acknowledge us. I understand if this is your role but one could at least smile and greet us. 

When my coworker was trying to pay, a staff member opened the cash register to exchange their tip money and made us wait while they counted their tips before cashing us out.  Afterwards the cashier wrapped up my coworker's  food that had just been sitting there for a few min, meanwhile other staff continued to stand around and act like they hated their lives. They also kept asking my coworker "is this your food?" When you basically only serve enchiladas its hard to tell the plates apart, you think they would pay attention to whose food is who's.
I've literally eaten here 4 times this week.

It's a little expensive, ($22 for 5 enchiladas, an egg and two drinks), which is why I am stuck on giving it less than 5 stars. But otherwise, I think it could be worth the money considering how unique and customizable it is. I don't know, I just want everything to be free, so I'm at like 4.5 stars on this one...

Anyway, the food tastes great. Really unique, authentic options. I really recommend the red sauce, corn tortillas, pork, chicken, an over-medium egg, slaw, jalapeno ranch and cotija cheese...that's what I ALWAYS get. They have really good chips and salsa, too.

The staff is friendly. My only complaint is that there are SO many options, that I think they could benefit from having labels on the glass telling you what everything is, that way you don't have to stare straight up and get lost on the menu and waste their time, but they do a good job of explaining it anyway. Still, I like doing things myself instead of asking the same dumb question every time. 

They serve in their own little wood-fired ceramic bowls which is cute and unique, too.

They said they don't like hearing "this is kinda like Chipotle!" so I will say this place is better than Chipotle, but very similar :)

They serve enchiladas, chopped salads, stuffed poblano peppers and have other specials. 

Take all of my money, Gadzooks. You are so yummy.
We enjoyed a great lunch there yesterday on their patio.  Ordering was difficult with the menu boards over your head but the staff was a great help with the dozens of options. The food was full of flavor, filling and  reasonably priced.
Booooooommmbbbbb!!!!!! Almost the same idea as chipotle being an American "Mexican" restaurant!
This place is so fun! I live in the east valley and my friend lives on the west side, so we love to find places to meet in Phoenix. This was the perfect spot. I tend to ask a million questions and the staff was more than happy to explain  anything and everything to me! I also love that they have red cream soda. It might look exactly like Chipotle but the flavor and quality is way better! Perfect Saturday afternoon lunch place.
Great concepts.   The process is fairly fast considering the product they are delivering.
We will back here over and over.  I would expect this to be franchised and everywhere fast.
Love this place!  Great prices, great quality and delicious food. If only they had the 100 flavor soda fountain, it would be perfect. 

So many choices and perfect size portion. Can't wait to come back and try other ingredients.
Wow. Woweeeewow. Fresh, flavorful, fast, reasonably priced. Yes!

Are you that kind of person that doesn't like just one thing on your plate - but likes to sample many things and take a bite of each thing over and over going round the plate til you're done?

ME TOO.

Gadzooks is a dream for you and I! So many inside filling choices, so many topping choices, so many salsa choices... I basically tried everything and it was all amazing, and there are lots of veg friendly options including an outstanding corn bread filling that sounds weird but is so creamy and tasty you'll go nuts. And the tortillas are awesome which is a necessity. 

I pretty much want to order another round and just spend the day here. Don't judge me you'd want to, too, if you were here.
Excellent quality food and service.  My enchiladas were amazing and I can't wait to go back.  Highly recommended.  The bison is excellent.
Good stuff!! Unique flavor.  Quick service.  Definitely worth a try!!
Not your typical Mexican enchilada.  Food is good, great customer service and looks a clean please for a nice conversation.  Prices are very reasonable around $7 per person.
This is a delightful place if you don't want chain style food.  There is a place for chain restaurants, but I like to find a place that can be whatever the owners want because it is an independent.  They have more control over what they buy so you hopefully you should be able to expect better quality for the food you meal is made from.  Gadzooks doesn't disappoint in this area.

I went in there this afternoon more to look to the menu than to eat.  All of us have had one of those weeks where you are tired but have just enough energy to do something you've been meaning to do for what seems forever.  That was my day.  When I got in there I found a very creative menu, almost more than I wanted to deal with.  With the people being s welcoming and the restaurant so clean I decided to go for it.  †ruthfully, I let them recommend things and told them to use their judgement on them They had a lot of interesting choices to make from the tortillas to the cheeses to the condiments.  Once I sat down and ate, I guess I got some of my energy back because I started considering how I could have changed things from the many interesting ingredients that were available.  Next time, I will make it a real adventure to put together my meal.

Go and have fun here...definitely not your chain Mexican food.  II think it would be a great place to take a group and find out how many different combinations people could end up at the same table.  There is seating outside for people who enjoy that.

The cornbread tacos stood out for me!
Another fabulous find on Yelp! The tortilla soup is the best I've ever had and worth the drive all by itself. But- everything else looked so good that next time I'll have to skip the soup and get to the enchiladas. Don't skip this gem!
This place is amazing. I've been here twice and was surprised both times at how much meat they give you. The short ribs are excellent and the guacamole is perfect. 

My only problem with this place is the girl behind the counter who talks way too loud. She's been there both times I've come for lunch. I get that it's noisy back there, but no one else behind the counter talks nearly as loud as she does and I hear them fine. I'm not letting this affect their rating though, since the food is worth it.
A coworker and I stopped in here for lunch today after hearing about it from a friend. The parking situation was pretty rough but after circling the block once or twice we got a spot. Right off the bat I noticed the authentic vibe of the place and the menu was super unique. Of course I got the enchiladas as did most of the patrons as far as I could tell. They let you customize the ingredients from the stuffing to the cheeses to the salsas and toppings. They also bake the enchilada right there in front of you once they make it. I ended up getting the spinach mushroom stuffing and it was absolutely delicious. I really want to give a five star but the prices and parking bring it down to four...for now. I will definitely be back.
The other day I was mentioning to my sister that I like enchiladas, but they're usually so badly done that I never order them. I then saw her eyes light up and she yelled, "Gadzooks!" As I began to slowly back away she told me about this terrific spot she likes to go for lunch and how I *had* to go there. Initially I was hesitant-especially after she mentioned the Chipotle-style ordering method- but after a long day at the ballpark I really just wanted something quick, good and cheap. So, I begrudgingly went in a bit skeptical, but I came out a huge fan.

Enchiladas:

Tortillas- Gadzooks offers two tortillas: corn or their "half n' half" mix (a combo of corn and flour)--both are made in house right in front of your eyes. I got the half n' half on mine and it was terrific; good corn flavor with the softness you crave from flour tortillas. 5*

Filling- I got three different fillings: Green Chile Pork, Guajillo Short Rib, and Chile Cornbread mix. Oddly enough, I thought the Cornbread mix was phenomenal; it was sweet and spicy and gave a nice contrast to the richness of everything else in the dish. The Short Rib was my number two pick, but the cornbread kicked ass. 5*

Toppings- This is the cheese and salsa portion of the enchilada. They have your typical red and green salsa or you can "Christmas" it and get 1/2 of each--of course I Christmas'd it! Surprisingly, I'd have to say I preferred their green sauce, but if I came back I'd probably just Christmas it again. I also got a combo of their two cheeses: Asadero and Chihuahua and it was all good. 4.5*

Add-ons: Gadzooks has some cool stuff you can throw on top after your enchilda is done cooking; they have Guacamole, over-easy Egg and Goat Cheese. I opted for the Guacamole -I'm from Calli; you know how we do it!- but I'm really curious about the egg. 5*

Toppings part 2 (The Revenge!)- A second helping of Salsa and Cheese?! ¡Sí, por favor! I kept it simple with the Pico de Gallo and some crumbled Cotija Cheese. 4*

Service & Ambiance- The staff on the night I went were all terrific and very helpful. They'll let you sample away at anything you want so that you'll get your order perfect--so, don't be shy! The first thing you'll notice as you enter Gadzooks is how clean and modern the place is--actually the first thing you'll notice is how delicious everything smells, but I was talking sight-wise. There's indoor and outdoor seating and it feels very spacious, even though it kinda isn't. 5*


Value- Terrific value as you can get a 2 Enchilada plate for $6 or $8 for those of us that are feeling like little piggies. The kids' meals are also value-priced at only $3.75! 5*

I think Gadzooks has earned a nice place in my heart and would definitely be in my weekly lunch rotation if I worked in the area. Awesome service, great food and value pricing are hard to come by these days and the fact that it's a small locally-owned business just further endears it to me. Highly, highly recommended!
Love the place.  Have been going at least once a week for the last two months.  Their enchiladas are amazing and the stuffed poblanos are out of this world.  Only downside is that they sometimes run out of the poblanos. I learned to call ahead and make sure they'd have them on hand and they always will. If you're a first timer it can be a little confusing but they're quick to help and explain.  Always a great experience!
Boom-Pop-Pow-Bam

Holy enchiladas Batman! 

This is a nifty location, a funky idea, and yummy eats all thrown into a clay dish and roasted over a fire. 

The menu is fun, great selection but controlled enough to do what they do exceptionally well. Menu-drawn in chalk, not a unique idea I know but boy does it just fit this place. 

You walk to the counter... Kinda like chipotle. Pick your stuff, they cook it in the dish... In the fire.... Right in front of you. 

I had a chicken burrito with green chili and a side of con bread.... Oh sorry I'm from the south... Corn bread. 
Man it was good. Just a cool experience with a helpful staff and good food. 

Nuff respect. You should try it at least once. Cuz cuz cuz I said so. What's the worst that could happen? I'm mean really. 

An I'm out....s
Absolutely amazing. Think Chipotle for enchiladas. Nice patio, plenty of room inside. The food is really amazing. The prices are great. If you're not in the area it's actually worth the trip. 

I ordered 2 chicken enchiladas. I'll be back to try the tacos!
Good food,and cheap!
Fun concept that works with the quality of the food they serve. Enchiladas and tacos are primarily their forte. The short ribs are smokey with some zip. Chicken is light and mild but flavorful. The selection of topping is original and the slaw is tasty.
Super concept and oh so good.  Delicious tortillas and amazing fillings. Try the enchiladas. Los of cheese and toppings. Can't wait to bring others here
This place was great. I spent a lot of time in the starbucks across the street doing homework and one day made the adventure across the street with my roommate and it was a great decision. The set up is kind of like Chipotle but the quality of food is so much better and a great variety of flavor. Check it out!
What a great concept and place to eat! It was our first time visiting Gadzooks and didn't know what to expect. We were greeted by Jessica who was so friendly and walked us through the entire process. All of the staff there were so nice, helpful and friendly that I will be back because of their great service and good food! Even the other customers were so nice, giving us advise on what to get! We sampled many sauces and toppings! We can't wait to visit again and try new combinations!
This is my favorite place in the world. I'm talking about the best -- seriously, the very best -- enchiladas you will ever eat. Made just the way you like them. Smothered in good stuff, like wonderful pickled onions and some great cheeses. All of it is lip smacking good. And the idea for the place, the "make your own" kind of deal stolen from Subway, this is just really creative. Good job, congratulations to the owner. Someday I am going to stand out front with a big sign that says "You will love this food. Try it" because I think someone has to let the world know about the magnificence of Gadzooks. Read my reviews. I'm a very critical restaurant reviewer. I do not put up with slackers. This place rocks. [To the owner, my only suggestion is to put the "ear lady" in the back and not up front -- you'll attract more business.]
Im rating this on a vegetarian stand point so for you meat eaters the experience will probably be different. That being said, i also thought that the overall quality of the food is not so great. For vegetarians there is only one filling option, sauteed spinach and mushroom and it is kind of like baby food in texture. The red sauce has chicken broth init. I got 2 corn enchiladas. The enchiladas themselves were bland. Ifi hadnt added extra quacomole, coleslaw, cheese, crema, and salsa to it, it would have been very boring. Pretty much youre paying for the toppings. If youre vegan you are even more limited. You could only have salsa and guacomole and onions. The chips and salsa though were really good. I could have made a whole meal out of the chips. The service was great. The person serving me was very kind about taking me through it step by step and making sure i got vegetarian items. So i wont be going back. No point in paying for guacomole and salsa and cheese and chips and stuf when I could make that all myself or get it all from safeway or something in bulk for the same price.
Been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally got here for a 2pm lunch last week. This is usually the time staff is eating, etc and it was just the case on this day as well. The food is well priced and served up in big portions. The short rib was extra cooked from probably sitting in the bin for awhile, but luckily I enjoy extra cooked and slightly dry beef so it worked out well for me. The chicken was a runner-up to the beef, but I should have tried the cornbread. If you go crazy with toppings and sauces (which you will on your first visit like I did) then everything gets lost under all the different flavors. I would skip the half flour and half corn and go for the corn tortilla and be gentle on the sauces, but this is a place I will return too at some point if I"m in the area.
Food is great. I wish they'd throw in some rice and beans to fill out the meal.

 I always get the green chile chicken enchiladas with habenero on top. They are quite delicious. There are also good vegetarian options available. 

I also wish there was a good enchilada and soup combo meal.  It's more of a pick one entree either or kinda thing. I mean the name is enchiladas AND soup, not OR.  

Also, the sneeze guard is awkwardly placed making it very difficult to hear the employees.

I guess I feel a little overly critical especially in light of the o so many positive reviews but  guess I can't help how I feel. 

One more thing.
TIP: make sure you get the sour cream on the side unless you want a big white pool of melted liquid sour cream engulfing your enchilada. The enchiladas are cooked in their plate leaving the plates very hot and they instantly transform a hearty clump of sour cream into liquid.

Update 7/29/2014: Seems as though they've worked out the kinks. There is still quite a bit of a lunch rush so If you are pressed for time it might not be the best place to go but otherwise it's worth the wait.
Tried this place for the first time tonight and it was amazing! Everything was flavorful and the staff was really helpful! I will definitely go again. And again.
Several reviewers mentioned that the spinach & mushroom filling is vegetarian. If Aaron Pool makes it the same way that it's listed in the recipe he share with the Arizona Republic today, it is NOT VEGETARIAN (chicken stock).

I am shocked that several reviewers (who are vegetarians) seem to have had staff members steer them toward this option, despite the fact that it is NOT vegetarian.

Really? Why not just use vegetable stock? And if something seems veg, but is not, please tell your staff.

Here is the recipe that Mr. Pool shared:
http://www.azcentral.com/story/life/food/recipes/2014/04/22/spinach-mushroom-enchilada-filling/8013227/
Soooo freaking great! Think chipotle, you choose an enchilada, taco, chopped salad or tortilla soup, add the homemade INCREDIBLE meat and extras and boom you've got an iron chefs version of chipotle for close to the same price! And the grapefruit margarita was unreal!!
First time ever going to Gadzooks and it was awesome. The people were cool and friendly. Ambience cool. Loved the whole set-up. Sunshine wonderful. Patio great. Oh, and that sangria is most definitely on point; so delicious. I loved the enchiladas and the tortilla soup! I have not one bad thing to say. Will so be going back. 

Also, I am a Gluten Free Chic ( mandatory, not by choice) and I had not one problem with the food. So two jigs on that one : ) 

If you have not been here @ least try it once. The food is very flavorful.
This is an amazing spot. Love love love the chicken. Quick but fresh, great dine in setting and patio as well.
First off let me preface by the fact that I am extremely lazy and don't normally review places, no matter how good it is. With that being said I took the time out of my extremely unoccupied day to make this review. That is how awesome this place is!

I have been here twice now, and the first time I ordered the green chili pork and short rib enchiladas. The second time around I got both short rib. The short rib has an amazing flavor, it just pops in your mouth!

The cotija cheese and habenero lava sauce are both fantastic. This last time I even tried a side of the herbal ranch, which was, you guessed it, great! I also tried a side of their cornbread this time around and was glad I did. With actual corn and a hint of spiciness to it, it was a great addition.

To top off this great meal, they even have alcoholic beverages. Pacifico being my favorite, I got that my first time through. After which I realized he had a cream soda on tap, and boy do I love cream soda! So this time around I got the cream soda, and my wife asked if they made margaritas. Which they did, so she got one. A pink grapefruit Margarita is what they served her, and it was very delicious! A little too strong for my wife, but I didn't mind finishing off for her.

For under $30 for a family of three and one alcoholic beverage and one soda, I will gladly be coming back here on a regular basis! I highly recommend this to anyone in the area or even if you have to make a bit of a commute. Every Phoenician should try this place at least once. Unless it's on a night I choose to go, in that case, go a different night. Parking is very limited and I'd rather not park across the street... ;-)
Very nice people! Very patient. No attitudes here. Usually the flavor of an enchilada stems from the meat, the sauce and cheese, but the tortilla flavor stands out at Gadzooks which is delicious and memorable (50/50).  I also appreciate the honest service. I heard a server say to a patron in front of me that the red sauce by itself doesn't taste as good so it's better on the enchilada. Again, nice people. Worth the trip. Worth the wait. I'll be back!
Amazing, fresh, creative and friendly. One of the best places to eat in Phoenix for a quick meal. So good!
Holy salty food, Batman!  0_o

I had dinner here on Friday with my husband and toddler daughter.  It was packed, but not nearly as packed as the other restaurant that we attempted to visit and left because there wasn't enough space for us.  We waited in line for a few minutes and finally it was our turn to order.  I shouted my order to the employee on the other side of the counter; over the deafening din of other people who were talking and eating and all the kitchen noise.  It's very noisy when that place it busy!

 I ordered 2 enchiladas with the 50/50 flour/corn tortillas and the short rib for the filling.  I chose green enchilada sauce and cheddar cheese as my topping with some Pico de Gallo and buttermilk dressing.  For my little I got her a carnita taco with a side order of the sautéed spinach and mushrooms and some of the same buttermilk dressing on her taco.  My husband ordered two enchiladas: one was spinach and mushroom filling and the other a cornbread filling.  He had the red sauce on his enchiladas.   At the register I added on a grapefruit margarita and a fountain drink for my husband.   We paid around $32 for everything.

The inside was packed, so we ate on the outside patio.  The patio was also very busy and every table was taken so we could only find seating at the counter that runs along the face of the patio wall.  It was difficult to keep a toddler perched high atop the barstool so that was a bit of a challenge, but the twilight temperature outside was really perfect so some of the hassle of sitting out there was worth it.  
  
My grapefruit margarita was very tasty, but the food is a different story.  I like salt, I use a good deal of it in my normal cooking because as a Sonoran desert dweller we need it in our systems to survive, but I can hardly remember a time where I'd been to a restaurant and the food was so over-salted that I couldn't finish eating.  That was the case on this visit, my husband complained of the same thing, despite the fact that he was eating a completely different kind of enchilada than I was!  Our toddler only picked at her food too, I suspected it was also the sheer saltiness of it.

The buttermilk dressing on my enchiladas and my daughter's taco was outrageously salty, the green enchilada sauce across my food was crazy salty, the short rib filling was heavily salted and I think there was even salt in the Pico de Gallo too.  Seriously, whoever is in the kitchen at Gadzooks NEEDS to step away from the saltshaker, the saltiness of everything overpowered the different flavors of the dishes and it was over the top.  

I'll try this place one more time and if that visit goes poorly then I'm done.  This is my second try to understand what everyone else sees in this place.  :/
So I Went plain jane today.. Got 2 braised beef enchiladas with green sauce and of course cheese : ) 
Tried the mashed potatoes this time. They most definitely should be on everyone's To-Eat List. Very creamy till the last drop.. Nom Nom
Portions are generous.. My 8 year old and I shared this... and were stuffed.
The food is good and the service was good too. I ordered the short ribs and green chile pork enchiladas. They both were good but I like the green chile pork the best. They place reminds of chipotle but with enchiladas. For real authentic Mexican food this might not be the place but it is still great option over Taco Bell.
Sometimes people ignore the food and review dumb things like chairs or noise level... we are here to EAT. Stay home if you can't handle being out in public, troll.

Anyway, food was prepared quickly, affordable, and filling. The salsa was good, the meat was not dry or over seasoned.

You really won't find food this good for the price point and speed. I went a little crazy with the extras on the guac and Bison meat but it was worth the 2 bucks.
This place is delicious. Lots of variety and sitting. I ordered 2 Enchiladas 1green chili pork and 1 potato. They covered it with Jack cheese and then placed it in a pizza oven so it would get hot and bubbly. Then I dressed it with lettuce, pico, sour cream, and guac. Got a side of chips too. The chips are like the good ones you would get freshly made from a Mexican supermarket almost. Everything was yummy. Well priced around $8-$10 a person. Only down fall was the line out the door.
I wish this place was closer to my house! I think I would be there everyday! I got 2 enchiladas with the 1/2 and 1/2 tortilla with one mashed potato and one with chicken! I think I could of eaten a whole bowl of mashed potato. They add either green or red, or even both sauces and cheese and put it in their brick oven and add some cabbage slaw! Everything just tasted so fresh! I will be going back very soon!
Decided to stop here after being severely disappointed by Americas taco shop down the street .. Let me just say this place took the cake simply amazing to say the least. Everything tasted fresh and was bursting with flavor yet they has the speed of a chipotle .. We have been left in utter disbelief this is our new goto enchilada joint .. Step aside nana you have competition...
One of my favorite spots. I eat here more than I care to admit but the food is just SO freakin good. Everything is full of flavor and is packed with homemade flare that keeps me going back for more!
AMAZING!! I cannot write enough about how delicious this place is! Went there for lunch and line was out the door! SO worth the wait! Everything is so fresh and flavorful! It makes Chipotle look like the ugly step child!
Great, fast enchiladas. It feels like the enchilada version of Chipotle. But less corporate!
I love it here! The food is always awesome. I would suggest this place to everyone. The corn bread filling is amazing.
Never been impressed with the food, been here a few times, will never go back. And there's a girl behind the counter that talks LOUDER than anyone I have ever encountered. Now whenever we hear a loud person we say 'The Gadzooks girl must be here". Someone needs to tell her to stop screaming "PICO DE GALLO?!?!!" before she scares off more customers.
MMMMMMMM I am a fan,.... The Green chili option is the way to go,.. The Bison wrapped in the Green Chili is the bee's knees!
Average joint.. was salty.. limited selection 
Not really customer friendly
This place has incredible food! it's an ingenious business concept that hopefully starts to branch out with more locations. If you're looking for an affordable, mouthwatering, and convenient meal this is the place to be!
I went again..sure its a tad salty, service is sketchy and its a bit warm in the seating area..

But i this time order

1 beef taco 1 chicken/pork combo enchilada with green sauce,  side of mashed potatoes 

Was surprisingly good the second time around!
I've been meaning to try this place for a while and finally stopped in and I'm glad I did. The food was delicious and even as a big Chipotle fan there's so many options I feel like I could eat here multiple times a week and not get tired of it which sometimes happens for me at Chipotle.
I gave 3 stars for 2 reasons. One -as a first timer its a little awkward to navigate their line. The menu is so high up on a portion that extends above your head so you have to repeatedly step back to complete your order. Also the staff was not very helpful considering they are a newer place and there's so many options. Even when I go to Chipotle or Texas Roadhouse or Grimaldi's the first thing they ask is something along the lines of have you been here before etc. I noticed the same treatment towards the other customers in line as well, maybe it was a bad shift but that definitely turned me off a little. I'll be back for hopefully an experience as good as the food.
I was took here by a client of mine and didn't really know what to expect when we got there , but it was truy a slice of heaven I love Mexican food and hands down best tacos ever
Heard about this place from a podcast. Walked up and thought the building looked great. Walked in and felt like I was in Chipotle. I ordered 2 chicken enchiladas, adding cheese, guacamole and cabbage. It was great. Me and my friends really enjoyed this place. Very tasty. Highly recommend it.
This place is the bomb! Don't waste your time with mediocre food, bad service , and terrible music across the street at Taco Guild. You'll spend half the money and double your pleasure. I gave Taco Guild three tries, before giving up. Came to Gadzooks today for the first time , and was super impressed. Great concept . I'll definitely be back.
So good! I went here today for the first time with my friend. I got two enchiladas (corn tortilla) one with short rib, the other with green chili pork. I got half red sauce, half green sauce, with jack cheese. I also got the sour cream type stuff on top. They were both absolutely delicious, and I can't wait to come back! The service wasn't the best I've ever had, but hey, I'm not going there to make friends, I'm going to eat delicious food!
Hello, would you like to know the secret of life? If you worship at the temple of the almighty carb (which I am wont to do and really need to stop making a habit of), here you go:

Mashed potatoes. Inside an enchilada.

I could basically stop there, because what the hell else do you need to know?! But some more deets:

I ordered 2 enchiladas in their 100% corn tortillas (pressed in front of our own eyeballs!), one filled with the mushroom/spinach mixture, one with the godly mashed potato filling.

I picked "Christmas style" (both red and green sauces) because WHY NOT! Although I am an avid verde lover, so I think I'll go full on green sauce next time.

Asadero cheese.

Pico. Picked red onion.

HEAVEN.

We split some chips/salsa/gaucamole on the side, because you might as well go all out. The food was stupid, in the best way possible. I like a little golden to my cheese (all pizzas/cheese-topped foods in my house get a 30 broiler blast at the last cooking minute), and was pleasantly surprised when my little 'lada bowl came out of their oven just like that. Perfect! The mixture of toppings was superb.

The only recommendation I can give is to perhaps put a label of what's what on the front see-through guard as people order. There are a lot of fillings/toppings/salsas/extras and it was a little awkward to have to step back and look immediately above my head and strain to see all the details of what I could order. If anything, it could make the employees' lives easier.

Last word: Pumpkin cookies. Get them. See how life changes for the better.
Food is great. Love the fresh homemade tortillas. And all the sauces there are amazing!  Love the potatoes they offer too.  Definitely a great place for lunch, does get pretty busy so I would recommend calling in your order if you are in a hurry. I will be coming back again soon!
Decided to check this place out because of how cool the actual building looks when you pass by... lol. I went with two friends for a girls luncheon and enjoyed the food! As most of the reviews state, the staff was less than pleasant. It was as if we annoyed them by being there. It took an act of Congress to get her to smile or even look like she enjoyed her job. Coming up to the counter was all business so know your order. The short rib choice was SUPER oily... one of my friends was sick for the rest of the day. But the Chicken and spicy cornbread mix was AWESOME! 

I would recommend trying it because the food is good but if you are looking for great attitudes from the staff... skip it.
Absolutely addicting - so many options! I think I ate there at least 4 times the week before I moved because I knew I would miss it so much!!!!
OMG.  I hate reviews that start that way but it's the best I can do this place is awesome think of chipotle in its early years. Fresh food great flavors and good prices. Staff is friendly and very helpful in talking you through the process  will be coming back for more
Also:  it is a little intimidating/overwhelming on your first visit.  I stared at the menu board for about 2 minutes and was still undecided and somewhat confused,and  thats when the gal behind the counter asked if i had ever been there before and proceeded to very patiently and thoroughly explain the process and the options...that was very helpful.  Granted, there was no one behind me in line (i got there right as they opened).  By the time i left, the place was packed and there was a long line, so others may not have had the opportunity for full explanation as did i.  Just something to keep in mind on your first visit; its kind of like a crash course in a new language.. but worth the effort!
I just went today for the first time.  Really cool concept and the options you can add to your enchilada and tacos are a bit more interesting than Chipotle (not knocking Chipotle).  

I will say that as a first timer, it's quite a confusing way to order as the signage is directly above you so you have to step out of line near the tables to see the boards.

The decor is pretty hip.  Had to sit outside b/c  there really aren't too many tables inside, so that made the experience a bit sour b/c it's so dang humid and hot today.

Overall a cool spot and I hope to be back.
Delicious enchiladas! I saw all the great reviews for this place and had to give it a try, glad I did! I'll be back for sure!
This place is very adorable and affordable! It tasted great and was filling. I recommend the sweet corn bread in a corn tortilla... It was so flavorful and unique. I will definitely be back! Happy eatings :)
Mmmm. Enchiladas have always been one of my favorite foods, and there's a Phoenix eatery solely devoted to cheese-filled tortilla bites of heaven: Gadzooks.

For those of us who always dreamed of an enchilada bar, Gadzooks makes those reveries come true. The spot serves up just about any type of enchilada you'd like, as well as quesadillas, soup, tacos and salad. The tortillas are freshly made, and the combinations are endless.

Fillings include chicken, pork, potato, bison, mushroom, short ribs and two types of cheese ($6.50-$6.75 for two tacos or two enchiladas), and then you get to douse your order in salsa, sauce, slaw and more. You can order three, but two were plenty for me, and I left with a full, happy stomach.

The joint is order at-the-counter with a patio, and it's a really great alternative to Chipotle if you're looking for some new fast Mexican food. They also serve sangria, margaritas and beer.
So damn good. Best enchilada i've had in a while. Oh the staff is SOOOO friendly and accommodating. The product is great, like who else has Bison enchiladas?
Seriously, how have you lived your life so far in the Valley without knowing about this place??? Best. Stuff. EVER. 

My mouth is watering now as I'm starting to write this... Those enchiladas... yum... After we discovered it, we've been religiously visiting it whenever we can get a day off, early in the morning and you really need to get in as soon as they open, because the place gets packed and line forms around 11.30... which is 30 minutes after opening. Whatever special they have going on for the day, it's gone by 12... Soooo, yeah, get in early :D You won't make a mistake with whatever you try! The ingredients that they use and have to offer are just great and fresh all the way. And you can see them right there in front of you!

Do yourself a favor and get to it whenever you can!
Seating is in short supply here!  There are also no misters outside for summer seating. Great flavorful enchiladas done Chipotle assembly style with a local Phoenix twist.  Multiple meat, cheese and sauce selections.  They are so great they allow you to mix and match!  I had the pork and chicken.  I loved the slaw add on, I don't see that often.  They also heat it up in a fire.  You also have two different style enchilada shells.  Staff is very helpful and guided me in my first time ordering.  I left with a hook up-enchilada style!  I'll be back soon.
This was formally known as White Eagle, It has recently re-open under the name of Eddie's European Bistro. Wife and I was a fan of White Eagle, only problem was you never knew when it was going to be open? Place has been renovated, smaller dining room, but still enough room. Looks like the same people still works there, and the food seems to be the same! But looks like they now offer a wider menu. Again, we liked it before and will continue to come back!
Flavorful & hearty Polish food. Who knew that cabbage could be transformed into so many delicious dishes!  There is stuffed cabbage, cold red cabbage, cole slaw, borscht, sauerkraut and more.  Mashed potatoes are really good and the perfect side to grilled garlicky kielbasa.  Save room for a rum ball for dessert.
Good food but menu could use healthier options, better pricing, and a kids menu. Seems to cater to over 55 crowd. Kid friendly not so much-- except that my kid could scream and the polka music would drown it out.
This deli is right by our house. We had tried it before when it was White Eagle Deli. It was good food but the service was slow. Well we went back into this restaurant tonight..Friday night. We walked into the restaurant and were told to sit anywhere. We took a seat and about 5 minutes later the server brought us menus. After sitting there for awhile wondering if the server was going to at least take our drink order we started to get ansy. About 20 more minutes goes by and the server goes to the table next to us (who came in after us) to take their drink and food order. Finally we just said F-it...and got up and walked out. 
We will never ever go back to this place again. The service is terrible! Get the one girl in there doing everything some freakin' help!! Go to Archie's Deli down the way for good service and good food!
A note on my rating: Based on the expectations my friends created for this restaurant, I would give Cafe Zupas two stars. If I have to be entirely objective, I'd give it two and a half stars. Since Yelp doesn't offer half-star increments, I'm reluctantly giving Cafe Zupas three stars.

Why do so many of my friends love this place? I don't know. Could it be because many of them went to school in Utah, where Zupas originates, and the restaurant reminds them of their college glory days? If so, I get that. I, however, did not partake in their college experience so I'm not privy to the nostalgia they must feel when they are greeted by the harsh blue neon that is Cafe Zupas' decor.

The food, while good, is unimpressive. It's just risky enough to be different from your average cafe fare. With more locations popping up in Utah and Arizona (and "other states to follow soon," according to their website), it's apparent that as a restaurant Zupas is more interested in growth (read: profit) than making an impact in the culinary world. In other words, it seems their focus is more on creating a menu that everyone will enjoy rather than true culinary innovation. And there is absolutely nothing wrong with that as long as that's what their going for.

I ate at Cafe Zupas last night for a friend's birthday dinner. I had a honey bacon club panini, which I enjoyed, although it was cold and somehow seemed grow soggier with every bite I took. The shrimp and sausage gumbo soup was alright; I found the shrimp disappointing. It was mealy and the size of shrimp you would find in a Cup of Noodles. For a dish that boasts shrimp as a primary ingredient you'd hope they'd do a bit better on the shrimp.
I've been to Cafe Zupas a couple of times.  Living in Mesa (also known as South Utah), Zupas gets all kinds of hype - there was a ton of excitement about this place opening.

So I went.

So, does this place live up to hype?  Absolutely not.  The only thing I can say about why it is so popular around here, is, "it must be a Utah thing."  It's part of their cultural identity... But their cultural identity is play-it-safe, don't-do-anything-too-different, and bland.

The food here is fine.  The soup is fine.  The sandwiches are a little mediocre.  The drink bar is fine.  But the soup is not to die for.  The drink bar is not to die for.  The whole place is an exercise in being slightly better than average.  Zupas is to Subway what In-N-Out Burger is to McDonald's.

I don't even remember which sandwiches and soups I've tried.  I know I've had a mushroom-based soup that was decent...  They just weren't that memorable.
Just to clarify, I have never actually eaten at this restaurant but the experience I had with them doesn't make me want to try them out.  I work in the same plaza as Zupas and decided to try them out for lunch for myself and coworkers.  Upon looking at the menu it seems very similar to Paradise Bakery, but even more overpriced.  When I walked over to order, just a small sandwich platter would of cost me over $60!  Being on a budget, I just ordered cookies and chocolate covered strawberries, which still came out to over $40.  Upon returning to work I told the girls and we decided to cancel our order and go somewhere else where we could get more food for a cheaper price.  When I tried calling over there they weren't answering the phones so I had to walk over once again.  When I told them to cancel our order, they said they didn't even have one under my name!  They told me maybe I got mixed up and called a different store and placed my order.  They didn't even remember me from 15 minutes earlier!  So no, I cannot vouch for their food but their customer service definitely leaves something to be desired and I do not intend on going back.
As a vegetarian I really like the idea of "build your own salads" but was disappointed to find that you only get 4 toppings before you are charged additionally. I had a salad and the wild mushroom soup and both were pretty decent. I wouldn't call this an amazing place but wouldn't mind picking up lunch here again in the future. The french bread and chocolate covered strawberries that came with my meal was a delicious bonus.
First time here.  Loved the salad choices, lots of fruit/berries, all house-made dressings.  We found the clam chowder a little salty but would like to try other soups at another visit.
Decent soup and salad options, and you are free to have more variety in what is included in your salad. The food itself was pretty good- I enjoyed my lunch. I will definitely be back because I want to try more of their soups! Also, can't say no to a chocolate-covered strawberry (which comes with your meal)!
Went to Cafe Zupas yesterday for lunch with my parents, sister, and daughter. It was about 1:30 and the place was still packed. I ended up getting a kids grilled cheese and cup of soup to share with my daughter. The grilled cheese was OK...cheese not really melted so that was disappointing. For the soup I chose their limited time creamy onion soup which was actually very good (and I'm not a big soup fan). For $3.99 the kids meal is a great value. 

My dad and sister got the sandwich/salad combo: turkey and avocado sandwich with some strawberry chicken salad. They said both were good. I think it was $7.99 for a full sandwich and small, decent sized salad. 

With your soda purchase you can make your own italian soda and they have a nice selection of flavored syrups. 

Overall I liked the italian soda concept and the value wasn't too bad. I liked it a lot better than I like Paradise Bakery. I'm not a huge fan of PB so it's nice that there's a similar option in the same complex. The food overall was OK but wasn't anything incredible or spectacular. If you like the sandwich/salad/soup fare for lunch I'd give this place a try at least once.
This WONDERFUL addition to Mesa's DANA PARK shopping center has DELICIOUS food! I highly recommend their SOUP & Sandwich combo...very reasonably priced...
with NE Clam Chowder that is TO DIE FOR!!
It will keep me coming back over & over again!
Not to mention they include fresh bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry! YUM!!

So far, we've tried the Chicken Pesto Sandwich, BBQ Pulled Pork & the Italian Club.
And...I must say...they were ALL DELICIOUS & fresh-made right in front of you at their express counter. Their salads are also very good..chipotle (Mexican style) ...and Berry Salad blends...I really can't wait to go back & try some MORE!
For those that LOVE being outdoors..
They also have a small outdoor patio area that's GREAT this time of year.
All around great place right at the corner of Val Vista & Baseline Rd. in Mesa.
The food is so good and affordable! Fed two kids with one kids meal! I highly recommend.
I was so excited when I saw that Café Zupas was going right by my business. I have now been there my fair share of times for lunch and the food is always yummy, quick and for the most part healthy. I love that I know which items are vegetarian without asking   and can get any type of protein (like tofu) on any of the salads. My favorite thing to eat is the mushroom soup and who doesn't love the chocolate covered strawberries they give out with each meal! One of my favorite things as a mom for 4 kids is that when our whole family goes there it only costs us around $30, that is cheaper than getting drive thru food! Definitely a win in my book!
Loved this restaurant!  The soup (lobster bisque) was amazing and I had the pulled BBQ pulled pork sandwich which was very tasty!  My son had the kids grilled cheese sandwich and the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup.  My meal came with bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry and my son's just had the strawberry.  Every sandwich, soup and salad can be customized with different toppings and mix-ins.  

They have incredible desserts there...brownies, cheesecake, tarts..etc.  I had one of the brownies and it was fresh and delicious.  And they have fun Italian soda mix-in flavors for your soda.  They are moderately priced and the food was great!  I'm looking forward to going back there again.
We were driving around aimlessly, looking for a healthier fast food alternative, and decided to give this place a try.  Both of our picky eaters finished their whole meals and my husband and I enjoyed our sandwich & soup combos, as well.  I am a mushroom lover and the Mushroom Bisque satisfied my craving.  It was a bit much for my husband's taste though.  Love that their meals come with chocolate dipped strawberries too!
I've only eaten here once so far but I like it.  I had the Thai Peanut sandwich and the tomato basil soup.  I thought the sandwich was very good and unlike the other review regarding the tomato basil soup, I really enjoyed it.  The food is good and I enjoy the colorful appearance from the outside.  In fact, that's what drew me to the place.  I'm usually on my way to Paradise Bakery or Firehouse Subs when I'm in this parking lot but the flashy and colorful lights drew us in and we liked what we found inside.
I have been a fan for a long time. Anytime I went up to Utah, I would stop in for a quick little lunch. 

I was really excited to get one on the east side, although it was a really good excuse to go to Last Chance in Phoenix (they are in the same parking lot).

I love the Nuts About Berries salad, love. I also love the mushroom and tomato basil soup, but I don't want to know how many calories are in it. 

Each meal also comes with some yummy bread and a chocolate strawberry. They sure know the way to a gals heart.

It's not super fancy, and it feels a little "chainy," if you know what I mean, but overall it's great food for a very reasonable price and the staff has always been really friendly. You can't beat that.
I love this place... love the mango berries salad... Avocado crab sandwich... there's always a line so I try to go after 2pm... seriously the line is too long during lunch rush hours.
This place was great! I wish I could try everything on the menu. Friendly service, fresh ingredients and chocolate covered strawberries. ZOMG.
Chicken tortilla soup was tasty, but very salty! Mushroom soup was A+. The complimentary Chocolate covered strawberry was a nice treat with the meal.
Great looking menu. Salad was weak on the dressing, not much flavor due to that. Soup was great. They forgot our rolls that go with our soup, & they forgot our chocolate dipped strawberries.
Soo upset with this place! I used to eat here all the time when I lived in Utah and I loved it, I love the honey bacon club sandwich and Thai mango salad, however at this location I have twice in a row now had dirty lettuce and bugs in my salad! I guess if you avoid he salads you'd be fine. Soo disappointed and will never eat at this Zupas again :(
Champ salads n soups!!

Sandwiches are ok, they are panini style, not my favorite kind

But i go here OFTEN for the salads and soups! Whooo!

You can make your own salads with 6 free toppings (or 4 if you use one for meat/protein)

Or you can choose their salad creations off their men my favorite is the Thai Chicken Mango Salad...

The southwestern tortilla soup is to die for, plus many of their other soups i have sampled are so good!

Hope you enjoy visit there as much as i do!!
Great place to stop for quick lunch! They have a variety of tasty salads, sandwiches and soups. I also love any place that incorporates fruit on their salads. Each meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry- so how can you go wrong? Loud, bustling place so expect to see that! Prices are very reasonable.
I guess if I had to compare this place to something, it would be Paradise Bakery, but with some differences.  For one, I like that their combo includes a full sandwich, not a half. And personally, I enjoy their soup and salad selection more.  The sandwiches are always good too, but for me, the salads are what make this place so great.  Instead of a cookie with your meal, you get a chocolate-dipped strawberry - yum!  I recommend that you try it at least once.
Amazing!!!
FYI: if you're allergic to tree nuts, avoid the house-pesto sauce and the chicken pesto sandwich because its tossed with almonds. It doesn't say it on menu, had to ask.
Visited the area for work, went here for lunch twice!  The soups, salads and sandwiches were delicious, along with made fresh. Great customer service!  The combo for 7.99 is a great deal, very filling and gives you a chocolate covered strawberry to top off your meal.  Wish it was here in California!
Great soup...great salads and sandwiches. Very friendly staff. Disappointed they are not open on Sundays. Wish they had a location closer to Chandler Mall. Nice touch to have a chocolate dipped strawberry given to you for free with your meal. Wish they would consider white chocolate dipped strawberries as well! :+}
This is my favorite place for fresh salads. They have a plethora of fresh ingredients from several types of greens to every fruit and nut toppings imaginable.  You can sample their soups before making a selection and their salted caramel creme brûlée dessert is the best!  Every meal is topped off with fresh homemade bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry. Although they're always busy, their service is fast and the staff are very friendly. Try the Nuts over Berries salad and their Tomato Basil soup. Wonderful!!
I like the great selection/variety of choices, and  I am down for good soup anytime of year, even when it's 110+ degrees outside.

I had the mushroom soup (based on employee's recommendation), and it was delicious!  Would definitely get it again.  The sandwich on the other left MUCH to be desired.  When I first saw it, I literally thought they made a mistake and gave me a kids' combo or something because the sandwich looked like something my mom would make in one of those sandwich press machines back in the 80's.  No kidding.  The sandwich didn't have much on it, and it didn't have much flavor.  Very over-priced for what I got.  I would probably just stop in for a bowl of soup in the future or maybe try a salad next time, but I won't be duped into another one of their sandwiches, sorry.
This is one of my favorite quick eats. I love their nuts about berries salad and their soups are good as well. The staff is friendly, the store is clean, and the drink selections are interesting. Their dessert case looks pretty awesome as well, although I'm usually too full to venture towards desserts.
Cafe Zupas has become a family favorite. The food is fresh, the staff is friendly, it is also a nice value with the $7.99 combos. Their soups are made fresh on the premises and lobster bisque has become my favorite.

One of the cool things that my daughter really likes is the italian syrups that you can add to the drinks. 

They also keep the place spotless and they bus your table.

I think the chocolate covered strawberry that comes with everyones meal is a nice touch.

They can get busy, but the staff is very friendly and they make your order fast.

Two thumbs up from me...or in the Yelp world 5 Stars.
Nice place!

Was here for a job interview. They have an amazing menu of things to try and whenever I get over there again I will try it. I did have an Italian Soda the day I was there, which as cool. A wide variety of add-ins you can jazz your drink up with. The soups, salads, and sandwiches I saw looked and smelled absolutely delicious. I will definitely get over there on a  weekend sometime to try their food and take in the total experience. I have had good recommendations about this place from friends.
Just found this place and I love it! The selection is nouveau and varied. Everyone gets a chocolate dipped strawberry for desert. The atmosphere is modern and rad - must have put a lot of $$ into the build out! I'll be back here because there is a lot left to try! I'd love to see more menu item production on the triple tvs!
The food is good but not to die for.. Its a little overpriced for the size sandwich you get.  I do however like their italian soda bar. The ambiance is beautiful and its a clean place. I do however like that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. Lots of soup and sandwich places to pick from in the area so not going to go for an average over priced sandwich.
Welcome to the neighborhood!  Let me explains why only 3-stars...

I was on my way to Paradise (Bakery) and saw a new place had moved in at Dana Park; thought I'd give it a whirl! Selections look YuMmY!  I tried the turkey, spinach, artichoke (spread) panini. They give you a chunk of break and a (small) chocolate covered strawberry with your order.  Set up as a kindof cafeteria.  Service was quick. I asked for a large cup for drinks. The largest they have is about 12oz...that's the largest and ONLY size. They need to work on that. We live in Arizona...a desert...where the humidity is usually SO low that we fill our pool with bird sweat! We drink A LOT to stay hydrated.  Strike One. (It was pointed out that you get free refills, but my order was 'To Go'.  Got back to my office only to find they use turkey coldcuts  :(  No wonder the stryafoam box felt empty. Very disappointed in that. Although, the sandwich was pretty tasty (not real yummy as I had imagined though).  Thus, Strike Two.  Soups looked amazing; got a sample of the veggie cheese chowder. Pretty good.  

All-in-all, first impression is their menu looks better than the food tastes, but I'm going to give it another try, with hopes that as they settle into their new digs, they will make improvements.
I had the tortilla soup and Thai mango salad.  I have had better tortilla soup at Rubio's.  Soup was salty.  Salad was too sweet and a combination of ingredients that left me uninspired.  Salad had iceberg lettuce, cut corn, precooked chicken, diced mango, onion and super sweet dressing.  I can go to Fresh and Easy and find a better salad.  
I had a feeling that the sweets were the pull.  I went in with an open mind and had no idea what to expect.  Disappointment and bewildered.  Place was crowded and had a feverish cafeteria pace.  
Left with half eaten meal, :(  I guess I should have tried other options based on the reviews but some seem to exaggerate.  "To die for," really?
This has become a favorite spot - employees very friendly - restaurant clean - food is fresh and delicious - reasonably priced
Fantastic food, even better service with a staff that went out of their way to make sure my family and I enjoyed our lunch.  My daughter even dropped her sandwich moving from one table to another and one of their staff members who was clearing tables said he'd get her a new one before she could even pick it up. 
Solid place and the price was surprisingly low.  
Recommend the Turkey Cranberry sandwich, the Chop salad and you can't go wrong with any of their soups.
We'll be going back often.....
I love going to cafe zupas for a light lunch.  They have an amazing salad selection, but the soup and sandwich variety is limited.  Its good food at good prices.  They only thing I dislike about this location is that I always have to take my food to go because the dining room is always so full!  I love that they let you make your own flavored drinks, and the bread and chocolate  covered strawberry that comes with your meal is a nice treat.
The food is great and hearty as well as fresh. The staff is incredibly friendly which is rare to find! We has the mushroom soup and it was delicious. Great place to go especially heading into this fall/winter weather. They are very generous when it comes to letting you sample to make sure you are getting what you want.
Sandwiches? It's been done. Soup? Done. But done at this level of quality at this price? Haven't seen it till now.

Stopped here for lunch, never tried it before. The helpful staff was polite and explained the way to pick everything out and even gave some knowledgeable suggestions. Before I knew it I was through the line with a hot sandwich and fresh salad. Grabbed my soda, added a couple pumps of their Italian soda flavor shots and sat down. First bite, oh my dear Odin! Delicious! Amazing food, great help, great prices. Definitely going to return.
I decided to give this place another chance after my friend told me how delicious their food was, and she was right!  The food here is absolutely amazing, I always get the barbecue chicken salad.  They also offer meal deals like 1/2 salad or soup and full sandwich.  It's similar to Paradise Bakery, but the quality of the food is MUCH better.  The customer service is usually pretty friendly here as well.  I'm obsessed!
I've been to zupa's a few times now and generally receive great food and great service. They have this awesome station where you can make your own Italian soda (minus the cream). I generally get the chicken pesto sandwich (no tomato) and it is FABULOUS. However the soups can leave something to be desired... They are okay, they just tend to either be dull in flavor or too much (like the gumbo... waaaaay too fishy). I normally go for the white bean soup. 
It's a pretty cool place... However, there is often barely any seating. I'm not sure if that's really worth losing a star, and hey, good for them for being a booming business, but still it would be nice to have a place to sit (especially if you have a big group). 
All seating and soup issues aside, zupa's is a great place to go for a moderately priced, quality meal.
Holy Heaven I just had the BEST freakin lunch and amazing salad here!!!!  Fresh FRESH FRESH...Did I mention FRESH???  Seriously this place has something for EVERYONE even the pickiest of eaters and the staff was ready to create our dream lunch!  I don't know what else to say except #NOM GET IN MY BELLY!!!!!
Just came here for the first time. Some cool things that set it apart from say, Jason's Deli: Italian soda bar, charging station, chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal. Grilled cheese sandwich was really good, as were the tomato bisque and red pepper lobster soups. Really reasonably priced. 
The bad: Caramel brownie looked better than it tasted. My boyfriend's soup had a hair in it. Limited seating. Loud.
We love Zupas. The Lobster Bisque is awesome and my wife loves the tomato basil. This place is great, try it out!
For this price range, Cafe Zupas definitely earns 5 stars! You could spend as much at many other places and not come even close to the quality of the food or the experience.  First time here, and will definitely be back. I had the chicken pesto sandwich and the tomato basil soup. Perfect!
First time and I was very impressed. Great flavor, fresh and reasonably priced. I definitely recommend.
This place is awesome!! The menu is great, prices are affordable, service is quick and attentive. The only downfall is the seating. It is a very crowded place, but that obviously speaks highly of the business itself. Another downfall is that the chicken tortilla and white bean veggie soup is a tad bit too salty for my liking. Other than that it's a must go!
I have never had a bad experience at any Cafe Zupas! Healthy, fresh, and tasty food. Large variety of soup/salad/sandwich options. More affordable than Wildflower, and you get more for your money. Great kids options. Wish there were more locations in the valley! If you even kind of like mushrooms, get the mushroom bisque...we are kind of obsessed with it.
Average "fast" soup, salad, and sandwich place. Really love that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with every purchase. I like their variety of items. Love the lobster bisque and all the panini's. Love the mangoberry salad because I love fruit in my salad. It gives it more substance and mango's are yummy. Definitely better than Paradise Bakery. Plus, everyone is always so nice.
Good sandwiches and soups -- not mind-blowingly amazing -- but really good.  I'd say this place is second to Wildflower, on par with Paradise, better than Kneader's, and WAY better than Blue Lemon.

Not a huge fan of their salads and have only tried their Ultimate Grilled Cheese panini sandwich, as I'm vegetarian and there aren't many veggie sandwich options.  It's a pretty good grilled cheese; I like that it comes with tomatoes, several different cheeses, and pesto spread.  There are usually a good range of vegetarian soups to choose from.  I really like the Wild Mushroom Bisque (really flavorful!) and the Tomato Basil (they add orzo pasta on top if you ask for it).  The only one I've tried that I really disliked was the Tuscan White Bean and Vegetable -- salty and very un-flavorful.  :/

If you get a meal, it also comes with a roll (not the best bread I've ever had -- I usually feed mine to my hubby or the birds outside) and chocolate-dipped strawberry (yum!).  You can get a drink for a little extra -- they have a station with Italian soda flavorings to spice up your soda selection (no cream though).  They also provide two kinds of crackers for your soup.  Dessert-wise, I've tried a few of their creme brûlées and while alright, I'd say they're nothing to write home about.

Pretty good overall though!
My favorite soup and sandwich place. I have been a Zupas fan since I found the location in Scottsdale, but every now and then I visit this location. 

Zupas in general has always been on point everytime I go and I have never had a complaint of this place.  If I had to come up with something, the only complaint I could think of is maybe my salad had too much dressing, but I think that happened once out of the many times I have been here.

They have a great selection of soup, salads, and sandwiched, and are all delicious. I love the rotation soup world tour they have and usually always get the featured soup cause they are always delicious. 

This is, and has been for a long time, my go to place. I could eat here every day for lunch and dinner, in fact, I did that the first week I realized I lived by and worked by a Zupas.
Food was Yummy! The combo is a lot of food, a whole sandwich and half salad but the half salad is huge! You get a slice of baguette and a chocolate dipped strawberry  with meal.
I went to this restaurant when it first opened expecting it to be just another sandwich shop. I was wrong. I love the way the restaurant is laid out making it more open and spacious, the people here are extremely friendly and the service is excellent. I love the Asian Bar B Que pork sandwich and the gumbo soup. Our family visit here anytime we have an itching for some food with fresh ingredient. Keep up the good work!
Everything was quick and tasty. There are a lot of different options to choose from. It was a nice change from the basic soup and sandwiches you find most places.
I'm not a soup and salad kind of girl, but I was still pretty pleased when I had their sandwiches twice. I can't say anything about the soups, but the Thai chicken sandwich is bomb DIGGITY. I also had the honey bacon club sandwich my first time there, and ugh so good. The ciabatta bread is just wonderful. Strong bread to hold quality ingredients. Plus I love the chocolate dipped strawberry that comes with your food order. So unique! Never ate in, but it's worth a couple more tries.
This place just became one of my favorites.  The food is phenomenal and fresh.  And it is a great value: a good-size gourmet sandwich, a large gourmet salad (with chicken, hard boiled eggs, olives, tomatoes, and croutons), a chocolate dipped strawberry, and a piece of french bread for only $7.99.  Incredible taste, quality, and value.  I highly recommend this place.
I heard about this from a friend and I am glad I checked it out, I had the ultimate grilled cheese and lobster bisque, very good.  Lots of salad and toppings and great selections of soups, I will be back.  
Definitely try this place for lunch.
the California turkey sandwich was awesome! im a "big guy" and i could barely finish my sandwich.  the chocolate dipped macadamia nut cookies were out of control crazzzzy good!! the chocolate dipped strawberries were amazing as well.
They earned it! The mango berry salad is the bomb. I also get the avocado and crab melted sandwich. Although they still ask you several times "what did you order?" so should really change the process!
Omg. My new favorite place to eat! The food is out of this world good. I had their crab and avocado sandwich and their nuts about berries salad. It was so freaking good! They have real italian sodas and they give you bread and chocolate covered strawberry on the side. Good lord it was a lot of food for the price. $22 bucks for my husband and I to eat. Seriously, check this place out!
One Hundred Percent - hands down 5 Stars! I have been to Cafe Zupas three times and I always leave wanting to go back the next day! I've now had the Lobster Bisque Soup, Roasted Red Pepper and Lobster Soup, Crab Avocado Melt, and Turkey Spinach Artichoke Sandwich. They always give you a piece of delicious bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry if you get a pick 2 combo. 

I am finicky when it comes to sandwiches because I really do make some pretty decent ones at home. Every single thing I have ordered (listed above) has met and exceeded my expectations. Nothing has been bland, scarce, over seasoned, under seasoned, lacking complexity, or unpleasing to my palate. I just order my food and know that it will be good, actually great. They have "italian soda" which is actually just adding sprite to your drink and then pumping in some flavor shots, but it's kind of fun. I like the atmosphere in the restaurant, but I don't understand why they have signs on every table telling you to not reserve a table. I don't get why it would matter.  I have not had a salad at Cafe Zupas, so I can not comment on that . However, my co-worker has gotten salads and she is even more finicky than I am about food and the fact that she didn't complain is a compliment.

As far as comparing to similar companies goes, I put them at the top for a few reasons. I have been severely disappointed by the Wildflower inside of Chandler mall because their French Onion Soup had a seasoning that did not belong there and threw off the whole flavor for me. Paradise Bakery is great and I do love their salads and sandwiches. However, I have started to find a lot of what they make too bland and I've noticed that one of my favorite salads got a makeover which I was not thrilled about. 

One last thing, there were things about the sandwiches that I was initially disappointed about and then later decided that they were not an issue. At first, I didn't like that they lay the meat down flat since I like to cascade mine on the sandwich for a gentle fluffy type layer. I later decided that it was actually easier to eat their sandwiches this way and helped keep the sandwich together. I also initially felt that there was not enough meat ( and I am not a huge meat eater) , but later decided that it was the perfect amount to not overcome the other flavors in the sandwich. Someone who is a huge meat lover might be better off ordering a sub sandwich from another place. I am not a light eater by any means and sometimes come here around noon after only having coffee for the day, but I still end up having at a minimum, half of a sandwich for left-overs. 

That's all! Now go try Cafe Zupas!
Love this place and this is the newest location here in wonderful Boca Park!  This one is larger than most of the other Paneras and the staff is extra friendly.  Other than that, the menu is the same as all Paneras.  We love the bread bowls, sandwiches and acai berry iced tea.
This place is new to boca park.  i love it because it is closer to my job (i think) than the one on lake mead and 95.  the downside is parking.  good luck.  panera is right next to total wine and rei. this parking lot is always full.  so get ready to do some searching, parking spots and few and far between.  other than that i am totally happy with this location. the staff is friendly and my food usually comes out pretty quickly.  i go on my lunch break so i have to try and get lucky with timing.  if not, it is busy (understandably so) and might take a while to get in and out.  that does not deter my desire to go here.  the food is delicious, i like the mypanera card they are doing now, and the seating is really nice. (i think the one on lake mead might be bigger, though).
They have really good sandwiches and offer chips, apple or bread as a side.  I love their paninis too.  This was my first time at this location. I told my parents how good they were and took them there while they were in town.  But unfortunately they messed up all of our orders and we all got a sandwich other than what we ordered.  It was frustrating but we didn't say anything because we were hungry and didn't want to wait any longer. I hope the next experience will be a better one.
This Panera just opened and is in a prime location in Boca Park.  I'm no stranger to Panera, having made many visits during my time as a grad student back east.  The "you pick 2" deal is always satisfying (pick any combo of a half sandwich, soup, or salad) and for an extra $0.99, you can add on a cookie.  The baked goods are on the dry side, which is a little disappointing, and the tea selection can use a few more herbal options.  Service was friendly, if a bit slow (staff was mainly comprised of what looked like high school students??), but overall, Panera is a cheaper -- and slightly more nutritious -- alternative to Cheesecake Factory, Gordon Biersch, Kona, etc.
Panera Bread is the newest addition to dining choices in Boca Park. This location provides some very comfortable seating. There are several dining areas with various seating options such booths small and large tables. The decorations are pleasing and the background music fits right in. There are 2 outdoor patios with umbrellas.
On our visit there was no line at the counter and once we placed the order the food was delivered to our table in less than 5 minutes. Great service with a smile. The dining room was almost filled to capacity. Depending on your level of hunger there are a number of choices, soups, salads, sandwiches. We had the French Onion soup which was very good with a nice sweetness to the onions. Also the chicken caesar salad and turkey sandwich are winners. This location continues Panera Breads tradition.
Gotta love Panera's pick 2!! Definetely try the baked potato soup!! I love Panera. From their addicting pastries to the yummy sandwiches, it's always a hit. like the chill atmosphere here too; you can come inside and study or get some work done (FREE WI-FI!). The employees at this Panera are awesome! Super friendly and helpful! :)
I like the new Panera Bread bakery at Boca Park . Service is good, bread consistent with freshness and taste , very clean , reasonable price, excellent ambiance and location! You should try all the bagels ,bread and pastries. Sooo good!!!
Great little breakfast spot. Clean, big, and has a friendly, helpful staff. The sausage and gouda soufle was delish!
I went here with my mother and father in law. We really didn't know what to expect if it was like a subway or if it was something else. We were greeted warmly and were helped with a selection of sandwich we wanted. Well I wish I could give a honest review of the meal but they so happened to mess up the entire order. I'm not sure how it was done but needless to say it was. So someday I hope to go back and give a more solid review of the food.
So, I've read reviews and heard nice things about Panera Bread. I happened to be at Boca so popped in to read whilst sipping cappuccino. A blueberry scone called my name as I waited in line. 
Guy at the counter: is that for here or to go? 
Me: here. 
Him: do you have a Panera Bread card?
Me: No. 
Him: Want one?
Me: Suuuure! (Because of what I'd heard I thought I'd be back...why not?)
Him: Oh, we don't have any. 
Me: (still standing there smiling gormlessly in a pregnant pause having paid and been given my scone on a cheap plastic plate) Umm...a cappuccino?
Him: Oh, that's around the corner. (Why not tell me so as you hand me my scone?)

Around the corner. Woman makes two cappuccinos and takes them out to a table. I stand there smiling awaiting my capp. Guy asks if he can help me. Yup. I ordered a cappuccino. Oh, she will bring it out to your table (really? How would she even know it was mine?). Ok. Cool. 
A few minutes later the girl shouts "cappuccino!" I walk back to the counter to find that she had made it in a paper cup to go. Her dour expression made me think that if she smiled, her face would crack. I said it was for here. No apology, only a half-hearted offer to make another. Her tone conveyed apathy. I decided not to trouble her any further by asking her to correct the order. 

The decor is cheap and ugly. The piped music is hell-invokingly awful on a cheap sound system. The scone was kinda dry ('Bucks do a much yummier scone). Some of the service was mediocre, verging on unpleasant. Me no gusta. I can't think what the fuss about Panera Bread is, and this branch seems terribly out of place in amongst the nicer places this end of Boca. 

Maybe they just had an off day, and we can't know what people are going through, but simple smiles in the service industry can go a long way...they might even have made me consider returning despite the general unpleasantness of the monstrously decorated space, terrible sound system, baaaad music, and mediocre scone. Nah, maybe not...
Service is terrible.

Incident #1

There was this lady in street clothes, probably the manager, at the counter. We walked up looking at the menus high up and we heard "How are you?" out loud. So, I said "oh, how are you?" She replied " Oh, I was talking to them." pointing at the ladies by the front doors.

Incident #2

I was getting some cream for my Iced coffee and there was no half and half left. As I was shaking the pitcher of 1/2 and 1/2, a female worker was stocking napkins right next to me. She looked at me and I looked at her, and I shake the next pitcher, empty as well. She just kept doing her thing and looking at me without a word or an acknowledgment.

Incident #3 

As we were browsing for tables, there was a lot of tables around but very few clean ones. We had to settle for a cleaner table. Next, we spent 20 minutes there and never saw a worker cleaning tables.
I have been a long standing Panera fan and customer. I enjoy their fresh baked sweets and breads. I think for the price you are much better off buying bread from Panera than so called better quality bread in the store...lets face it nothing beats fresh bread! 

This store is a good store and nicely situated in Boca Park. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful however, I have to admit I don't like the counter lay-out (sometimes the staff is around the corner and you have to seek them out), the staff needs a little more training (I bought bread and the clerk didn't know how to bag it) and they need to work a little harder to keep the place clean. 

But overall I enjoy Panera and think the staff is very nice.
I personally Love Panera their food is different and tasty, Love the steak sandwich at breakfast, Frozen caramels are delicious and staff is great!
I visited this location on 3/8/2013. The experience was ok. It was my first time at Panera and the only reason I decided to go was because my pregnant wife wanted something simple. (I personally prefer Jason's Deli which just happens to be around the corner). We went and ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich and the roasted turkey artichoke sandwich along with a cheese and broccoli soup. The soup was great and the chipotle chicken sandwich was decent. However my wife did not have such a great experience as she had to literally order her sandwich 3 times before they somewhat got it right. There was also no customer service as she had to keep going to the cooking line herself to get the correct sandwich and take the wrong one back plenty of workers saw her going back and forth. It's not hard to miss a pregnant lady and not one worker offered to try and rectify the issue. I will not be returning to this establishment..
Love love love their tomato soup and usually - everything else I order as well.
The new Spinach Power salad was just OK - weird dressing in my opinion. But this branch is as nice as the other ones, and the service was great.
I had NO idea this Panera was even open. We parked in the back (by the Boca valet area) and wondered why the entrance wasn't marked very well, turns out their is a lovely grand entrance in the front. 

The guy taking our order was very pleasant, he suckered us into adding a desert for $.99 (well, it wasn't really suckering, I never say no to sweets!). The store was clean, the food (Frontega Chicken & Caesar Salad) was great, as it always is with Panera. My husband ordered the pasta Bolognese, the smaller portion, and smaller it was. It wasn't very fulfilling for the price, but it was still good. 

Overall $25 for two meals, two drinks and dessert is a bit steep when we can spend the same amount and get more food elsewhere. But I am glad to see another Panera in my neighborhood!
Worst service I've had in a long time. I usually love Panera but this time the food was bland and the servings were smaller than usual. I waited for 15 minutes for someone to make my drink when there were 3 people behind the counter doing absolutely nothing. Next time, go to a different Panera.
I used to frequently visit the Panera Bread on Fort Apache and Tropicana. I loved the casual setting and even more so was satisfied with the food. 

When I found out that a Panera Bread was opening up in Boca Park, I was ecstatic! Another option on the list for a hang out/eatery in the area made me a happy gal. I went on a lazy Sunday late afternoon to meet and dine with a friend. The restaurant itself is huge with lots of seating. Lots and lots of it, it's twice the size of the one on Fort Apache and Tropicana. They also have an outside patio area for customers to use. 

I always get the You Pick Two deal which include any two from their soups, half a salad or half a sandwich. Depending on the salad or the sandwich, this deal will run you about $8-$10. I got their Spinach Power salad (mushrooms, egg, onions, bacon and spinach in an onion vinaigrette) and French Onion Soup with a side of bread. Portions were good and tasted delicious. 

This place has free wifi! So if you're looking for a hangout spot, a study spot, a grub spot, or just a spot to sit and stare, this is the place! I really appreciate that this place popped up here because there are a lot of instances where I would have to turn away from Sambalatte because there wouldn't be anywhere to sit to get some work done! I'm not saying Panera is my second option to Sambalatte, but I'm glad I now have another option.
I live way out in 'old' Henderson, literally the last exit off the freeway before Boulder City, but I drive my son to baseball practice at Bruce Trent Park, off Rampart in Summerlin. In my attempt to be less of a hermit, I'm attempting to explore this 'new' area instead of sitting in the car for 2 hours during practice.

 Boca Park is becoming my favorite. As a Mom, it's rare to get free/alone time, and my 2 'free' hours when my son has baseball practice has become my excitement during the week day. I explore Boca, grab a coffee and roam stores. The store roaming every Tuesday hasn't been nice to my wallet, so I thought I'd try the 'have a meal and catch up on some reading'. Panera has become my haven.

 Employees are always friendly, my favorite creamy tomato soup is always warm and tasty, and no one bothers me when I sit for an hour and a half, with an empty plate of food and my nose in a book. 

 Thank you for opening a Panera in Boca Park. Fresh bread dipped in creamy soup, and sometimes a sweet treat for an extra 99 cents is just what I need every now and then. Perfect prices, atmosphere, and location.
Panera is one of my favorite places to eat. When it first opened, it was hard to find a parking spot, but now it's not SO bad. Boca Park is always busy, so parking is usually an issue, but it's cleared up a lot since it opened last year. The food can be a little inconsistent at times. Everytime I've gotten an apple as my side, it feels like it's on it's last day, it's kinda mushy and just not very tasty. Once in a while, the lettuce doesn't seem super fresh either. But for the most part, everything I get is delicious. My favorite sandwich is the asiago roast beef, without horseradish, and I've never been disappointed. All of their soup is great, too. 
Sometimes the service is also inconsistent. One day a cashier will be very friendly, the next day they seem a little distracted and impatient, not necessarily rude though. The food does come out quick, which is great for my lunch breaks. Overall, I'm really happy with this location and come for lunch often!
This Panera Bread has its good points and its bad points.  If you are a big fan of decaf iced coffee, this location almost always has it available.  I have yet to find another location of this chain that even has it at all.  The dining room is huge, as is the case with most Panera's.  Easy to get my crazy big stroller in and out.  

Unfortunately, the food can be a little inconsistent.  I usually get the sausage, egg & cheese panini.  Here, sometimes it rocks my world and other times it is not so good.  Not sure what is going on there.  Also, once I bought a coffee and the cashier forgot to give me the cup, as it is serve yourself.  When I went back to get the cup, he actually questioned whether I bought coffee, in a very accusatory manner, and asked to see my receipt.  Never in my life has that happened.  It was kind of awkward.

They have a cute loyalty program where customers scan their cards and can get random rewards.  It's unpredictable but I find it kind of fun.  Free wifi, too!
This Panera Bread is the biggest location I have ever seen. The staff was friendly. The restaurant was super clean and our food was delivered to us fast. Not to mention, my specialty order was taken seriously. 

I will be coming back here more often.
Mm this Panera Bread is so lovely. Needed a place to work outside of the apartment with wi-fi that I could also grab lunch at, and Panera Bread came to mind. Ordered a 2-combo meal, creamy tomato soup and Asian sesame chicken salad along with a raspberry tea drink. I thought the price was pretty steep; ended up paying around $10-11 for the meal. It also wasn't anything special.

The atmosphere was really nice, however, and it was pretty busy. I was able to sit down and get work done at this restaurant using their wi-fi. It was quick and free, so who can really complain?
This is one my wife's new favorites.  Most everything on the menu is tasty.  I was not a fan of their baked desserts,  but the soups, salads, and sandwiches are delicious every time we go.
I'll leave my review at 3 stars for now.  This was my first visit to a Panera Bread to get sandwiches for dinner.  We needed a break from getting subs at different places and I chose to try something new.  This location opened recently.  It makes where I live about halfway between to Panera's but I decided to try this one.

Service was great at the counter, but the wait seemed long for the take out until I realized they had a number of people eating in who had ordered just before I got there.  I brought the sandwiches home and they were very good.  My wife had their Cuban chicken panini and I had the signature Steak and white cheddar.  They were both very good.  My panini had a fair kick from the horseradish spread on the sandwich.  With the sandwiches, I opted for the small bag of chips for each of us.

The order was packaged really nice in two small cardboard boxes.  My only complaint with this is there's really no way to tell which sandwich is which unless you peel back some of the bread to reveal the contents.  Some places put a numbered sticker on their sandwiches to match the items on your receipt.  The boxes at Panera have a place you could write the name.  I sent a suggestion to HQ and the responded that they'd look into it.

I'll return and I think I'll eat in.  The dining room is very nice and there's outdoor seating for when it's cooler.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 80/100

Had an early dinner here with a friend on Friday. 

I've been wanting to try this place for a few months now and got to the location well before my friend did. Thanks to Panera's free wi-fi, the wait did not seem long and before I knew it, we were lined up to get our order.

Taking from my last Panera experience, I stuck with the 'you pick two' option and got myself half a sierra turkey sandwich and broccoli cheddar soup with a side of chips. My friend got herself a mediterranean sandwich with french onion soup plus an apple. We were both given an order number/tracking device that would help staff locate our table when they served our munchies to us. 

Mid-way through our meal, my friend realized her taste buds were being tempted at the sight of my chips. So she called on to the bus boy and asked if she could have her apple exchanged. He immediately brought some to our table and when we signaled to hand back the apple, he went 'naw, you can keep it!'

The food was scrumptious and it beat a lot of fast-food joints. Definitely the healthier option - beware In-N-Out - at a reasonable price. I always find it a great place to chit-chat with girlfriends. This location is about a two minute walk away from Sambalatte so you know where to run to if that tea/coffee craving kicks in.
Nice location, large eating area. Very friendly staff and always, food came out fast. Wasn't too thrilled with the roast beef sandwich however. Even with the horseradish which must've been the weakest stuff around, it was a bland sandwich. I've had other sandwiches at other locations that were much better so I'm not saying this location sucks, it's just this particular day, this sandwich sucked!
Tomato bisque (creamy they called it) was tasty, wasn't really hot enough. Good thing for the incredible baguette to save the day!
Management is amazing. Everytime I walk in they always great me. When I am eating they come up to me and ask me if I need anything and ask how is the food. A very positive up beat environment. I eat a lot of dinners there.
Been coming here for about a 2 months. I don't eat here so far. Just do the coffee and work on my computer. I like that I can refill when I want. Also the crew here is very attentive to clearing tables immediately. Best part, I can stay as long as I like. Usually 2 hours.  Also like the over head music, different, edgy at times. Eg. right now they are playing "All I Want" by Kodaline!
One of my favorites to grab a quick bite. I am giving them 5 Stars and it tells it all. Recommending!
I have been to this location several times and it has been usually okay. 

The service when they take my order has either been great or rude.  Sometimes, they are looking somewhere else or looking at people coming into the restaurant. This girl was not making any eye-contact with me and I can't even hear anything she is saying.  She seemed so distracted at everything else. 

The food is usually served pretty quickly.  I always order the chipotle chicken and i always like it cause they taste the same every Panera location I go to.  My sister-in-law ordered one of the pastas and it tasted so horrible! The pasta was so chewy and it tasted like those middle-school lunches in the cafeteria.  It was just awful. 
The baguette is usually a miss for me. Sometimes its soft and taste like it just came out of the oven and most of the time it is hard and tasted old. Also, I ordered chicken caesar salad that was probably the only thing that tasted good and fresh. 

Anyways, panera has a variety of selections you can choose from and there is something for everyone.  This location is really big compared to other panera locations in las vegas.
Wonderful addition to boca park guys. I thought the staff was very friendly and the aptmosphere was great. All of my food was fresh, and as for all the slow comments...... ITS NOT FAST FOOD. go to relax
This place ultimately my favorite spot to chill in after a 10 mi trail hike @angel park, just in time for my brunch, i love the freshness of the food, cozy and laibback atmosphere, and of course the Free WiFi! ;) i commend the staffs, who not only very accommodating but knowledgeable on the menu as well. A must-go place, should try it out!;)
This paneer location has the worst parking ever. I constantly see people from other restaurants parking here and it just annoys me. 

On the non bitching side, the employees here are always friendly, patient (since I can never decide in a timely manner), and efficient. My large orders are done in less than ten.

Mind you the soups an sandwiches are mind blowing delicious. Always the perfect app for lunch or fall weather. Love that they give you a small side choice of bread, kettle chips or apple. Such decisions!

Panera you shall be seeing me more!
Oh Panera Bread.

I haven't eaten at a Panera Bread in a decade, long before I moved to Vegas.

Saturday, I did a Breast Cancer walk, and the parking for the walk was in the same development as Panera. 

I had originally wanted to go to an egg works or something, but my friend and I saw Panera, and decided to eat there, since it was so close, and we were ravenous.  

The staff was super friendly, and patient.  

The wait wasn't really that long, either...I anticipated having to wait a while, they were getting busy from the walk participants, and its not a "fast food" restaurant, so I was pleasantly surprised. 

I had the Asiago, Bacon and Egg sandwich, served on an Asiago bagel.  It was piping hot, and SO DELICIOUS!!!  I would definitely order it again.  

My friend had the Asian Chicken salad, and the Asiago roast beef sandwich. 
They both were awesome.  Really really flavorful.

I would definitely come back here again. It was clean, open, and the staff was great.  The food was amazing.  Highly recommended.
Another great location. The service was friendly and fast. The place was also clean and well kept. This location has one of the better patio/outdoor seating areas I've encountered. Another plus is it's location at Boca Park, which in my opinion is one of the nicest areas in the city. Highly recommend.
Great service great location. The food consistent as other locations as 4 stars. Would be nice it the patio had more trees bit it doesn't. Patio a bit too close to traffic.
I'm liking this place a lot. First, the in house music. New, Hip. More than just background camo. Tables always available (Mornings) Their Asiago cheese bagels way better than Einsteins. Coffee refills till your wiring is all fried! My one complaint is the WiFi. Maybe it's just my Mac. Difficult to get on. I sometime piggy back off Total Wine next door.  (Panera Wi-Fi just kicked in.) Still a five star.
First off. The food was very good, worth 4-5 stars for price and quality.  The service was 3 stars. The low grade is for the cleanliness. No table had been wiped and many were covered in spilled food. The kitchens were very messy. There were empty boxes, used rubber gloves, food, paper towels all over the floor. The counters were a mess as well. The restaurant wasn't so busy or overwhelmed either.  The place was a little over half full. They really need to clean up.
Cold soup and absolutely filthy conditions - those are really the highlights.  

I will say that the food here is usually above average, but this particular location is entirely skippable.  If you do try it, get it "to go" because you'll stick to the seats if you don't.  Unless your kitchen at home is dirtier, then feel free to enjoy the slime here.

Also, if it's helpful, there are no functioning highchairs when we visited.
Enjoying lunch @Panera today!  Autumn squash soup was hot and amazing. Also had their roast turkey wheat berry salad YUM!  Staff is friendly, dining room is clean, and nice. Thank you Panera for a great lunch!
Strange layout to this Panera in Boca park - almost seems backward if you enter from one side and featuring a long layout instead of the typical open design of most Panera locations in Las Vegas and back in Ohio I just cannot see the point of visiting this location very often when Sambalatte is just down the way.  Free Wi-Fi is fine and freely refilled coffee is okay too, but there isn't really anything here I'm going to eat so in that case I'd sooner stay home and use my own internet while drinking better coffee.
Absolutely love Panera Bread, but this place is not so good. In the beginning, I come here every single morning. Employees were kind, the coffee were fresh and steaming hot, it was like heaven. After a couple of months that started to fade away. The employees were grumpy and rude, the service was horrible, and the coffee were cold and nasty. It was just bad. I stopped going there and started going to the on Fort Apache. Go there instead, the employees are extremely nice and helpful and the pastries and coffee were fresh. So, if you want delicious pastries, bread, food, coffee ... Go to the one on Fort Apache.
This location is nice quiet and clean. Employees are extremely courteous. Although parking here can be very difficult due to the numerous businesses in this location there is an underground parking structure but who wants to park there right? 

Coffee is pretty decent here and my 7 year old loves the cookies here.
I went here for the first time with friends the other day and must say I was surprised I haven't tried this place sooner!

Cafe prices for the food here. It's not a cheap place for a sandwich if you are comparing to a Subway, but the flavor and quality of food is as good as it gets in my opinion. I went to Panera TWICE (different locations) and food was served consistently. Cashiers know their menu and helped me choose my items. Paninis were crispy, warm, and loaded with chicken. YUMMY

I ordered Pick 2 which runs about $7.95 (I think). Choosing a "Signature" option will add $1 to the combo. French Onion soup and the Frontega Chicken, which is a signature option. Worth it. It's $1 cheaper than a lunch combo of sandwich and soup/salad at other places like Yard House anyway.

Feeling fancy for breakfast or brunch but dont' want to go to a sit down, menu type of restaurant? Go Panera instead :]
Not going to let one person ruin my Panera experience. The service of this place was not up to Panera standards. The person who was bringing food to the table clearly seemed unconvinced when I asked for a missing item --- just changed my mind and I am giving this place 2 stars. The location, not the brand. The restrooms were absolutely filthy! You think they would do a better job keeping the restrooms clean, but no. It was very challenging to take my son to the restroom. I hope this place gets back on track with the brand. Shameful.
Ah Panera! Always loved Panera but for some reason this location was a let down. The pastry I had which was the same I get from other Panera's was a bit dry. The coffee is as good and fresh as ever. The service? well, their cashiers need a bit more education about their menu and also needs to clean up their counter spaces just a little bit better. I'll give them another try being that it's the location closest to me. Don't let me down next time Panera at Boca Park.
For some reason there is an abundance of children at this place. I usually go to Henderson Panera but I didn't have time to wait in line. Some parent right now  is taking a pic to show the mess the kid is making bc he thinks it's cute. I had to wipe down my own table and seat. I gave it  3stars bc the salad I was craving was consistent at this location.
Today was my first visit to this location. It seemed like everyone was unhappy to be at work today. The smiles were forced and not genuine after I made comments about the lack of smiles and friendliness. 

My meal was served to the wrong table. Customers were serving themselves because no one was delivering food in a timely manner. It seemed disorganized and like everyone was off. 

The $6 breakfast sandwich was extremely poor value. The hot chocolate was served with whipped cream instead if the chocolate chip marshmallows as depicted on the menu. We had to ask for our ordered items twice as several others received their items prior to us even though we ordered before them.

When I asked the woman to heat up my cinnamon roll, she told me to do it myself in the microwave. $2.99 for a cinnamon roll that I have to heat myself? Ok not the end of the world but poor customer service
Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 28/100

Panera has become a regular a Mother-Daughter hangout spot over the past year even if it's a little out of our way. 

There's just something intimate about eating at a cute sandwich place with Mommy. It brings about good conversations and sets a good mood for the rest of the day. Like always, we choose the 'you pick two' option but frequently switch up our pairing. Yesterday, I ordered the Frontega Chicken Panini (chopped basil, chipotle sauce, red onions and chicken fillet on foccacia bread) with cheddar broccoli soup (my favorite) while mommy ordered the Turkey Breast Sandwich with French Onion Soup. On top of it, we shared a couple packets of chips to go with the meal.

Service was very fast despite a large crowd. Our orders arrived on our tables within 3-5 minutes of waiting. They provide their diners with an electronic table locator which helps staff navigate their way through the restaurant, finding customers who change seats. Water cups are free with ample supply of lemon slices and shaded outdoor seating is available for the warm spring months. There's jazz music playing in the background and blinds lowered for when the sun is high up during the afternoon hours. 

I don't remember a Panera experience where I didn't enjoy. Props also to the staff for being so patient with me and my bestie about a month back when we stayed for 3 hours or so making origami boxes for her sister-in-law. We are definitely coming back here more often in the near future.
I come to Panera often for lunch. I either go to this location or to the one on Lake Mead. One of their salads and a tropical hibiscus Ice tea is what I usually order. The bakery Is also pretty good with a nice selection to choose from. The store is clean, food is served up quickly, ingredients are fresh and most of the staff are friendly.
I don't understand how this location only has 3 1/2 stars. If your complaining about the service folks, let me remind you Panera Bread is a fast food chain. The healthiest one too by review. My experience today is my first at this location and I'll admit I feel as if I'm dining at a 5 star restaurant. Super friendly staff, the guy who delivered my food, checked back later to make sure the food was to my liking. The restaurant was clean and the food was fresh and I felt very much as if I were eating at home  this is my now my go to location! Enjoy y'all!
Since we're on an "eating healthy" kick at work we had to try out the new salad place. 

I placed our order online, there were some glitches in their system but was assured they are working on it (had to call after my order was placed to change the pick up time since the first available was in three hours). My food was ready for me when I arrived. 

My boss who is very picky actually gave his lunch two thumbs up and mine was equally as delicious. We both had the "create your own salad". I didn't care for the basalmic vinaigrette but all the veggies were fresh and crunchy. 


I liked it so much I placed another to-go order today, this time getting vegetable soup, it was tasty. The soup wasn't hot but that's probably my fault for not picking it up fast enough. 


They do have frozen yogurt with the normal toppings, for $2.00 you can add a small yogurt to your lunch, they need to do a better job of advertising that though. I had to ask them what's up with yogurt since there are no signs and they don't mention it. 

The line can get pretty long at lunch time so be prepared.
I can't explain it but the salads are simple but delicious.  When I first walked in I was not impressed because it seemed the salads looked a little too pedestrian. Lo and behold! T
hat was exactly what I really wanted; enough ingredients (there are actually quite a few) to make each predetermined salad taste really good and the greens are always crisp and super fresh.  I can usually toss the bread to the side and not think a thing about it but not here.  I LOVE that bread/roll.  I am a true fan.  Very clean and the staff is super cordial.
I love Saladworks Scottsdale!

I remember eating at Saladworks when living in Philadelphia and wishing it would make it's way to Arizona.

There are tons of options. They have salad recipe suggestions, and they have the opportunity for you to Create Your Own salad. I go with this option, because you can customize the salad of your dreams (yes! I dream about salad!). The staff then puts your salad together, either tossed with dressing, or dressing on the side. They never overdress it, so I get it tossed. 

You get to choose your base which can be lettuce, lettuce and wheat pasta, lettuce and white pasta, or spring mix. I get the lettuce and white pasta, with egg whites, carrots, cucumber, feta cheese, and niciose olives tossed with Creamy Italian dressing.. The salads come with a wheat or white roll. The wheat roll is unbelievable. Very generous size, with seeds throughout, served warm and absolutely scrumptious. 

They also have soups and sandwiches, which I haven't tried yet. The sandwiches have meat options, so this place isn't just for vegetarians. 

Other things I like about Saladworks: They have a loyalty card. If you friend them on facebook, there is a daily deal. This includes once a week where they have buy one get one free salads. Also, they have a nutrition calculator on their website.
We came here around six this past Saturday, and found SaladWorks refreshing.

Yes, I know it's a salad bar.  But it's much more.  It has frozen yogurt with various toppings.  It has...   wait for it...   a wide selection of bottle beer. Yes, beer.  Haven't you ever thought of combining your liquid carbohydrates with your protein?  If you're not into beer, they have wine, or soda.  They even carry the healthier beverage of water or seltzer.

What makes SaladWorks unique, is their focus on fresh.  They cut up each of their sixty or so salad items each morning, and throughout the day.  According to their corporate marketing speak: 

"In 1986, John Scardapane developed the Saladworks concept while working as a gourmet chef at a southern New Jersey country club.  Saladworks continually won over new fans with its fresh take on salads.  John's vision meant an end to the days of chemical-coated tomatoes and brown-tinged lettuce.  He decided that salads should be made to order, chopped on-location and assembled right in front of your eyes."  Yeah, for some reason I'm not a big fan of salad bars because of the "chemical-coated tomatoes and brown-tinged lettuce."  Problem solved.

Our meal ran us $18.28, including tax which seems a little high considering we were drinking water.  I opted for the "make your own salad" which has the drawback of $0.79 (protein is $0.99) for each item.  So in the future, I'll start with one of their base salads and add on from there.  

Interestingly, they do not have any vegetarian or vegan base offerings on the menu. D'oh!  All seem to come with a meat or fish protein attached to the salad, including the wraps.  They'll need to fix this going forward, or better educate the staff on the options.

The setup is pretty straight forward. The restaurant itself is brightly lit, very clean, and located in the old Starbucks/ Sushi restaurant location.  Since the restaurant is so new, it was funny watching cars pull up and then back out realizing the other places aren't here anymore.  Both are on the other side of FLW.

We'll be back.  Enjoy!
I like the concept.  Chop all ingredients fresh daily.  Lots to pick from.  They have salads, sandwiches, panini's.  Wish I could eat gluten.  
They have great salad bowls.  You know, the one with a large lip so you don't spill everything out of the bowl when you mix it.  
They have self-serve frozen yogurt, but none sweetened with stevia. 
8 bucks for a salad I guess is the going rate.  But my first visit, I was still hungry since I could not include the roll or pasta which would have helped.   On my second visit, I did as for substitutes (more ingredients) and the salad was a touch more filling.  But you could go broke here.  A salad, sandwich and yogurt and you could easily be out $20.  I'll continue to work Saladworks in as an option, but Sweet Tomatotes all you can eat salads is a much better deal.
The portions here are quite small (and I am a small person, yet still think they are small). I went with two other people and they give you a really small amount of lettuce/greens. Even when you ask for more, they add the smallest amount. On top of this, I am currently ill and am confident it is from food that I ate there just a couple of hours ago. It's nice to be able to build your own salad, but there's definitely room for improvement here.
Tried Saladworks at dinner for the first time this week.  What a pleasant surprise!   You stand in line to order and watch staff create your order from the many choices of items to include on salad or sandwich.  They will also make your salad into a wrap if you wish.

The staff was very friendly and efficient.  So many choices my mind was swimming so I stuck w/ someting on the menu.  Next time I may be more adventurous and make up my own recipe.  I tried the combo w/ 1/2 sandwich & 1/2 salad.  I had the Sophie's salad w/ raspberry vinegarette dressing - yum!  Crispy and fresh and very filling.  Ham sandwich served toasted on foccacia roll w/ a bag of chips - double yum!  They also offer self-serve yogurt w/ an abundance of flavors and toppings, it's a set price now ($2?) but will go to pay by the ounce at some point.  We skipped the yogurt and split a cookie instead - also very good.  We opted to dine on the patio and enjoyed a perfect spring evening.

Several suggestions for improvement - they have demo salads prepared to show you what they look like - nice idea but by evening, they were looking pretty tired and unappealing.  Either refresh or remove them.  Also the self-serve beverage station is handy but needed to be attended to with a good wipe-down and restock.

I really didn't expect much from this new place and was completely blown away at how good everything tasted and how fresh it seemed.  This is clearly a case of what you see is what you get.  I can't wait to go back and try one of their 6+ soup offerings.
Fantastic! I was super happy with Saladworks. I came here for lunch with 5 co-workers and it was delicious. We arrived a bit before the lunch rush and got our food quickly, I had the combo with the Bently salad (didn't want the cheese so they let me sub anything I wanted...I chose avocado), and the Monterey Chicken sandwich. The bread was fresh and warm. The serving sizes were generous and the staff was very friendly. I will absolutely be back.
I have been to this location 3 times now and the last visit was very disappointing. I really wanted to love this place but I am starting to think it is just overpriced and mediocre at best. They have no efficient process for ordering, the line backs up, and it just looks like everyone working is struggling to get it done. They should really have a check sheet for people to mark what they would like on their salads, it seems like people just stand in front of the glass forever deciding what they want which is super frustrating when you have to get back to work at lunchtime. When I finally did get to order I chose the Cobb salad and the chicken was soggy, tomatoes were mushy, bacon was stale, and the ranch dressing tasted like something out of a bottle. A salad place should always have homemade dressings and fresh chicken since most of their menu items feature chicken, especially at $9 a salad. Overall there are many other better restaurant options for the money.
The portion was very small for the price $9. I had the combo 1/2 sandwich and soup. I was still hungry. Staff is very friendly.
Great concept poor execution. I think they need Gordon Ramsey's help with the menu.
I'm a basic kind of salad person and eat a Cesar salad 90% of the time, one reason I get romaine lettuce and not iceburg or the bitter greens.  Salad works base salad mix is romaine and iceburg, a cheaper way out.  There were 2 people ahead of me in line post lunch hour rush (1:15 pm) and it took me 15 minutes to get my salad.   The young lady in front of me (yeah we waited long enough we had a conversation) ordered a turkey melt panini and says she loves their food and comes back often.  The greens are fresh as well as the chicken in my salad (and not dry).  So try it and maybe you'll like it,  I'm not impressed.
This is my second review.  My first one was "filtered"  Not sure why.  Anyway, I have been here several times.  A sign at the door says "America's Best Salads".  It should say "America's unhealthiest and smallest salads".  
I can't do gluten, and they don''t give you any "substitutes" for the pasta and roll.  Also, take a look at the ingredients in the salad dressings at their website.  High Fructose Corn Surup.  BHT, sulfites, nitrates, I could go on. They need to come up with healthier dressings.

Oh, they did substitute potato chips for the roll and pasta once.  Hardly healthy.

If they start offering a decent sized salad and veggies as substitutes, I'll go back. What do they do at the end of the day?  Throw all that stuff out?  Makes no sense.Why not give it to the customers?  

And more and more people are avoiding gluten.  They need to come up with better options instead of just "more lettuce" as an option.  When I asked for more lettuce, the server's response was "that's the additional size".  I still left hungry.
Tasty! Although not necessarily healthy if you get one of the salads on their menu. Saladworks hosts 3 different types of lettuce mix, a large selection of salad toppings, various dressings, and a free-range soda fountain to satisfy your drink needs. 

I got a chicken Caesar salad and a create-your-own salad to go. Both were a very generous portion of salad and toppings. The create-your-own salad allows you to choose your lettuce mix, and up to 5 toppings are included. The toppings included green beans, corn, white beans, artichoke, sun-dried tomatoes, chopped eggs, and meats such as chicken and shrimp (Just to name a few!). The salads and toppings themselves tasted very fresh, even after bringing back my to-go boxes home and putting them in the fridge for a few hours until dinnertime. 

The dressings were full of flavor. I chose the lemon Dijon vinaigrette, which had a nice tangy, creamy consistency and taste. Other dressings that I could remember included 2 types of balsamic vinaigrette (Regular and fat-free), and green goddess.

The total for 2 salads and 1 soda was about $20, which is decent considering the size and quality of ingredients. 

In addition to their salads, they also offer sandwiches, soups, and frozen yogurt. If you do get a salad, it comes with a decently sized roll (Wheat/multi-grain or white). 

Service was cheerful and very friendly.  

While the salads here are definitely fresh, a lot of the pre-conceived salads don't seem very healthy for you (e.g., the use of deep-fried, breaded chicken), but you can definitely take control of your health here to some extent by creating your own salad.

If I'm in the area, this is definitely a good place to get a refreshing meal!
Have tried several times to order for delivery because I am home with a new baby...I will go through the online delivery processes just to get a call saying they are currently not delivering. Then it takes several days to get my money put back on my card. Seems like they pick and choose when they want to deliver, why bother being a company that "offers" delivery?? Their food is pretty good, but their soups are horrible.
Terrible experience.. Staff was rude and disrespectful, guy had a serious attitude problem. We waited 40 minutes for a sandwich and salad and i got back to my office and my food wasn't what i ordered.  I don't eat meat and they gave me a chicken salad. I emailed Saldworks  to voice my concern, I was told they would send me a coupon for a free meal and gave them my address.  Was seriously annoyed but id give a  second chance with a coupon. Never received coupon, its been months.  Wont ever go again.  

You treat your customers like crap, you get crappy Yelp reviews.
I have had a salad here about 6 times in the past couple of months and it just seems like the lettuce and the some of the toppings are just not that fresh.  Just seems like it should be better...
I really loved the food.  The salads were very fresh and the options are incredible.  You can basically do anything you want!  I have not tried the other items yet but I really thought the salad I had was very good.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful when we were trying to figure out what we wanted.  One of the managers Emily came to our table after about 10 minutes and made sure our food was good.  You don't expect that in a "fast food" environment.  The store is a little off the main road but super easy to find!  We will definitely be going back soon!
I love salads and don't always have time to make my own and don't always want to get a salad from a nearby restaurant so that's why I though this place was cool. 

Their salads are really good sized and frankly, I don't think you can mess a salad up. They have a menu of salads you can choose from or you can build your own. I chose the cobb salad today since its one of my favorites. The salad was good, but I would get it with out the chicken and add some extra veggies or something - that's just my personal preference since the chicken is breaded and gets mushy. I also don't like tomatoes so I subbed in some carrots. Everything tasted good and they had good ranch. Next time I want to build my own although when I was playing around on the site, it seems as though the build your own can get pretty pricey if you like a ton of toppings like I do. 

I had a small chicken pot pie soup which was meh (wouldn't get that again) and a large fountain drink and the total was about $11. I hate paying that much for things like salad but I was ok with it this time around since I don't eat lunch out too often. I think I would rather spend the bucks and go to Whole Foods for their salad bar since no matter what I add to that salad, its always around $9-10. I have and would recommend this place others and probably will come back again.
Why oh why did this place close? I came in for lunch on Monday and it was gone =(
I went to have lunch here today and they were closed. Einstein's next door said Saladworks closed their doors on Friday for business. Very unfortunate they made delicious salads!
Salad works didn't work.  
It's gone already :(
Bummed - this place had good salads and great soup options, but went for lunch about three days ago and the place has closed down.  Boo.  

Fingers crossed it's temporary?
I loved this place and would bring a different friend each time I went to introduce to this little Salad/Sandwich treasure.  I also loved the frozen yogurt!  I'm so sad they closed after such a short time.  I do hope they reopen somewhere soon!
I'll give 2 stars since the ingredients were fresh and tasty but only give 2 stars because the dressings were HORRIBLE.  Sorry, but dressings can totally break a salad, and ours were broken tonight.  At these prices you can get better salads elsewhere.  Ah well, glad I tried it but am not surprised we were the only guests in the place.
I've been enjoying Gina's Homemade since I came across their biscotti at the Old Town Farmer's Market back in the season of 2010-2011. They slowly began introducing other products, like Gina's amazing meat sauce, and their fantastic cheeses, and I was officially in love. 

Since they opened their retail shop, I've stopped in when I don't feel like making dinner, but I want something special... and always come out with more than I intended. Gina's burrata is creamy, silky, and just perfect. The lasagna, made with fresh, house-made ricotta, is simple and old-school. No frills needed--just great cheese, pasta, and sauce. I also love the variety of pizzas they have available and have yet to pick a favorite, honestly. I also like that you can complete your meal with a bottle of great wine or grab some truffle butter for... well, anything. (I'm a sucker for good truffle butter.) 

If you haven't gotten to Gina's yet, it's worth a trip--whether it's to their cute little retail location, or to one of the local farmer's markets in Phoenix & Scottsdale!
We received information that Gina's Homemade was just right around the corner from our house so we decided to place an order to go. We ordered the lasagna and the Pop's pizza. My husband told me it's not a "sit down" restaurant, more like a place to buy food, GOOD food to take home.

I have to say that this is some of the best food we've had, especially in an area where everywhere you go it's all food chains. The lasagna is UNBELIEVABLE. You have to try it. We ordered the single serving lasagna and we wished we ordered more. I can't express how delish it was. The Pop's pizza was also so delish. 

If you haven't tried this place, order food and take it home, you truly won't be disappointed.

I plan on picking up more lasagna today!!!!!
What a fabulous discovery! Everything is made fresh with fresh ingredients so call first to make sure they have what you want or call a day ahead and they will prepare it fresh especially for you the next day. The best Ricotta, Mozzarella and Buratta cheeses I have EVER tasted! The Lasagna is to die for, light, fresh and flavorful (like eating a cloud). We special ordered their Cannelloni and it was INCREDIBLE. We haven't experienced their artisan sandwiches yet but have heard they are spectacular. I also would be remised If I didn't mention their spectacular homemade Biscotti. 

FYI, not a sit down restaurant, primarily for take-out, special events and catering.

Ti Diverti (Enjoy)
First off, I'd like to say that I really enjoy the food at Gina's. Unfortunately, my experience with them from June-July was an absolute nightmare.. 

I first learned about Gina's when I purchased their burratta at my local farmer's market, It was great and when speaking to the rep at the farmer's market, I learned that they sold wines, pizzas, homemade sauces and more at their Scottsdale store location. I started going about once a month and purchasing pizza's, biscotti and wine. I learned that they were starting to hold classes and I was super excited. Even though my boyfriend was out of town, I signed up for their cheese making class in January. I had been wanting to learn how to make mozzarella cheese for years. The class was great. I met some wonderful people and even though the class was a bit crowded, it was totally worth the money. 

When I had the chance to tell my boyfriend about it, he wanted to sign up too, so a pasta making class, sauce making class and several trips to their retail store in the following months, we thought we had found a great, neighborhood spot to meet like minded people and learn how to make great Italian food. 

The last class we took was in May and they told us that they were going to have a "food rave" on June 8th which would consist of endless amounts of food, wine and great music, etc. My boyfriend was out of town but I knew it would be a great night, so I paid $100 and signed up. I was looking forward to it for weeks and on the day of the event, I was nervous about how formal it would be, so I called to ask about the dress code. I received an email two hours before the event from one of the owners, Chris Buskirk to tell me that the event had been cancelled due to an illness of one of their children. In the email he asked if I wanted to use the $100 as a credit for product in the store or a credit to a future class. I wrote him back less than 3 minutes later and stated that I was sorry to hear that their kids were sick and said that I'd like to use the money for a future class. In fact, I knew that there was an appetizer class being held on June 25th, so I would call later in the week and reschedule for that class. I figured that since that class was cheaper, both me and my boyfriend could go!

I never heard anything back. EVER. I called a few times a week for the next two weeks, sent emails... nothing. June 25th passed and I missed out on the appetizer class. The few times that I would not get an answering machine and actually got an employee on the phone, they would tell me that they personally delivered my message to both of the owners and they didn't know why they weren't calling me back. I felt like a stalker. None of my emails were addressed, none of my phone calls were EVER returned. I wanted to go to the store in person but felt embarrassed and awkward. I kept trying to call for another few weeks and each time the owners were never available but the messages had been delivered according to the staff. I was utterly confused. I still am. Eventually, when it had been a full month of me trying to get in touch with them to no avail, I contacted my credit card company to have the money refunded to my account. 

To this day, I never received an explanation, an apology or anything. I still don't understand what happened. I think their food is still good but the way they treated me was absolutely horrendous. This is NOT the way a local business should treat their loyal, paying customers.
I do not know if this place is open or closed.  We stopped by today, it was dirty and a dive.  Lots of dust and the windows were so dirty you could hardly see inside.  The place is only about a 10x10 little tiny room with only 2 tables and one counter.  It looked terrible and I would not suggest anyone eat there until they clean up.  Not sure what the deal is here or even if it is open for business any longer
No sign - door is locked. Voicemail is still working but at 1:30 pm on a Saturday this place is definitely not open for business.
Spoke to owner and they are not open to the public anymore. Info on website and Yelp, etc. not up to date. Not sure why they have a storefront that says they are open 11-6.
The good:
Ramen broth and noodles were very good.  Kimchi was great. Location is good. It's nice to have this kind of cuisine in downtown Tempe. 
The bad:
The contents of the ramen soup were mediocre. The "pork belly" was the consistency of end pieces that had fallen off the bone after a long boil. The spinach topping looked like store bought spinach in a bag that was shredded. 
Overall, I've had better soup bowls from more authentic Japanese restaurants. 
Ambience: front room is pretty inviting but the main dining room was somewhat
Bleak.
Ok so we have been waiting for this place to open! We love ramen made traditionally! It was really good and you can customize your order. It was a bit more expensive than  republic ramen but loved the owner and staff here. They were way cool and gave us samples of the 3 different broth choices when we asked. I def would go again based on the service. They just opened and will be adding more to the menu soon :) yay!
If you watch the first season of  "Mind of a Chef" on Netflix, you get to follow David Chang, founder of the Momofuku eateries in New York city around on his culinary adventures. One place he visits is Japan and one food he talks about a lot is ramen. I've been to Japan myself, and have eaten a lot of ramen there and I have to tell you, the folks at Umami make some good ramen!

They are still in the pre-opening stage of things, without their full ensemble of items. Tonkotsu, the famous pork bone broth based ramen of the Kyushu region of Japan may not be available till their official opening on the 21st of September. However, they do have my second favorite, the famous ramen with miso broth from the Hokkaido region, and it is good. Now when I say good, I mean that from the noodle down to the broth because you have to start with the noodle!

Noodle and Broth Review

Their noodles are somewhat al dente in that they are cooked but still firm. I did talk with at least one of the owners who noted that they spent six weeks perfecting their noodle recipe and it is actually made by a ramen noodle specialist out in California, to their specifications. All I can say, you can tell the quality when eat the ramen, just as good as anything I've had before in Japan or in the Little Tokyo area of Los Angeles. Oh, and you can get the ramen for take out, they provide the broth and noodles separately so you can combine then when you get home.

As for the miso broth, lovely and flavorful and I did have the pork belly, which is oven roasted and quite flavorful. The things I did not like in the ramen was the spinach (I know, good for me but my ramen can go without) and while the little flower shaped carrot was cute, I don't enjoy raw carrots in my ramen. If they were blanched and then put in the bowl, I think they would be much better.

I did go back a second time with a friend  for dinner and I though the ramen in the miso broth was just as good or better and this time, I got the hard boiled egg which is, at it should be, more of soft boiled egg in the center and it was quite delicious. I also got the pork belly again and though some have mentioned it being cold I thought mine was fine and quite flavorful.

Cocktails

Oh, when I went for dinner they had a bartender doing some fun cocktails and it is interesting they can bring some of the San Francisco style cocktail culture to the mill avenue area. As I like both ramen and a good cocktail I think that would be wonderful. Besides the cocktails they have a nice selection of Asian beers and sake and the owner noted they would be expanding their line of Sake.

Improvements

Hopefully the owners read the Yelp reviews and take suggestions. I hope they move away from the plastic chopsticks and just put the metal cans stuffed with wooden chopsticks on the table. The plastic ones, frankly, are harder to use and for me, not part of the culture of a good ramen place, and I hope they move to the pitchers of ice water like at other ramen places.

The owner did mention Soba Noodles and offering the cold Soba Noodle option,k which is a good idea in Tempe, where a hot bowl of ramen may not be the think on a hot summer day so cool items as an alternative are important.

Summation

2nd time there, still keeping the four star rating as for Phoenix, this is an amazing ramen place and I think it will only get better. I'm looking forward to trying their Tonkatsu ramen in about a week when they have their grand opening, I think it will be fun. Just, as I mentioned, dump the plastic chopsticks and get in the wooden ones, and put the cheap diner style napkin dispensers out as well...they are also, part of that traditional ramen experience. Great place, nice owners, I hope they do well.
This place is great. Great value for the amount you get. Flower shaped carrots are a nice detail.
I know the owners of Umami, but it's not swaying my review. If I wasn't thrilled, I'd just keep quiet and not post anything. That said:

I never in my wildest dreams thought a bowl of ramen could be so incredibly tasty.  My experience with ramen is limited .... Probably just to the store bought poor-college-kid stuff. I had no idea there was anything else, but this place is definitely something else!  

My lady and I shared a bowl of the sea salt broth ramen with roasted chicken and bean sprouts. The broth is amazing. Rich and flavorful and crave-inducing. The chicken added is real-deal roasted chicken (even had a little skin on it which was great). Bean sprouts were plump and fresh and crisp.  Noodles were cooked perfectly and never mushy. The more we ate, the more we wanted to keep eating!

My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 

Also had some sake like never before as well .... I'm not a huge fan of the stuff, but we tasted two different varieties that were chilled and incredibly sweet and delicious. Definitely not your typical drop-it-in-beer sake .... And I'm hoping to enjoy one of the interesting cocktails the bartender was creating on my next visit as well. 

I didn't understand how in the world an $8 bowl of ramen was logical when the stuff sells for 15 cents at the grocery store. I have been THOROUGHLY schooled. It's worth every penny and is NOTHING like the dried junk. I'm going back.  Hmmm .... Maybe this afternoon!
To all ramen enthusiasts: if you're looking for the real deal, this place doesn't have it. 

If you never had real ramen (like the reviewer below) and are just comparing to store-bought cup noodles, then yes, of course this is better; it is also 20x the cost of your cup noodle!!

I ordered a bowl of miso ramen with roast pork and corn. Although ramen is usually salty, this bowl was overly salty and lacked that richness usually found in the broth. The roast pork was shredded and served ice-cold (literally) on top of the ramen, which made the whole bowl lukewarm; they had to warm up my friend's charshu pork, because it was also cold. Even though it was a hot day, I would have preferred my ramen to be hot like it's supposed to be! The actual noodles were just mediocre.

I see this as more of a fast-food-type place for the local college students.

Will I be back? Likely not.
If you have little or no experience with ramen, this place will suffice, as the other reviews show. If your only experiences with ramen consists of top ramen or ramen places in Phoenix, then do not hesitate to go here. It's in a good area (albeit kinda hidden in the building they are in), and they seem to have a good selection of sake and alcohol. 

~

BUT....If you are a true ramen enthusiast, do not expect anything close to what your standards are used to. 

The way you order is by checking off options on a slip of paper. Broth choices: a sea salt broth, a shoyu (soy) broth and a miso broth. I got the miso broth, and paid for extra toppings: charsiu, togarashi corn, and roasted garlic. The toppings that come standard with their ramen is spinach (really odd...), a sliver of fish cake, a slice of dried nori and scallions. 

Charsiu: I was really, really saddened by their charsiu. It was really hard, and they served it cold. If you are used to melt-in-your-mouth, savory and tender charsiu, do not waste an extra $2 to add the charsiu here.

Broth: My miso broth was ok. Lacked any real depth of flavor, but it wasn't terrible. I ordered my husband the shoyu ramen for take out and he really didn't like it. Said it tasted like the powdered seasoning from top ramen, but even saltier.

Noodles: I was satisfied with the noodles here. Not the best, but they are the best I've had so far in Phoenix. They do not make their noodles in house; it is shipped here from LA. That doesn't bother me though. I am used to ramen shops where you can see cute old japanese men making the noodles and shouting greetings to you as you enter their restaurant, but I am sure that won't be a sight I'll see here in Phoenix. 

~

Their grand opening is this Friday, and they will be rolling out their Tonkatsu broth then. That's usually what I would get, or a paitan or tan tan broth (but they don't have that). Maybe in the future I will stop by and try their Tonkatsu broth on a cold winter day...but a good tonkatsu broth needs to stew for a good two days and I remain skeptical.

I will admit, I am a ramen snob. So that's why I must re-iterate that this place will be really good for most people who really haven't had authentic ramen. But alas, my never-ending quest for good ramen in Phoenix continues...
Delicious, unique, great location, vegetarian options, affordable. What more do you want?

You get to pick the broth you want and they do have a vegetarian broth. Then there are a variety of vegetables, noodles, egg, tofu.. etc. You get to pick the ingredients you want and the spice level. It was hot and flavorful and satisfying.  I will definitely be going back. 

Service was good and owner came over to speak with us - very enthusiastic about the business and upcoming additions to the menu.
I've had better ramen before, but they do a decent job. Miso broth was pretty tasty, noodles are of average quality, however they were very stingy with the toppings (they charge extra for just about everything). I would be a little more stoked on the place if the service was paced a little a better. Took about 5 minutes to get waters and then almost 10 minutes to get our order placed, so if you're on a lunch break probably not the best option. Food came about 8 min after we ordered and was satisfactory. Not sure how quick I would return to visit based on the food being slightly overpriced, and the slow (but still friendly) service. Maybe further down the road once they get their act together it will be better.
The food was pretty good. I had the miso broth with roasted chicken and spicy corn.  I think it would have been more enjoyable if I could have eaten it with a fork. I have too little patience to try to eat a bowl of noodles with a spoon and a pair of chopsticks lol. This place is hard to find but if you just walk around the building you will run into it.
About a year ago my husband and I spent some time in Japan slurping ramen with the locals. Since then we've been looking for a place around Phoenix that offers the authentic ramen experience that we had there. Unfortunately, Umami isn't the place. 

The server was extremely friendly but wasn't well informed of the menu. We ordered the miso ramen and the soy ramen. Both had a very pretty presentation, but were just average in all other respects. As another reviewer mentioned, the broth lacked depth and was very salty toward the bottom of the bowl (perhaps we weren't stirring vigorously enough while we were eating). I also thought the noodles were too firm, perhaps even undercooked, and was hoping that after sitting in the broth for a few minutes they would cook to perfection but that wasn't the case. We were also disappointed with the temperature of the broth, and more importantly, the bowl. In Japan, it was so hot that you practically burned your mouth, and this temperature was largely sustained throughout the meal because the bowls were stoneware, and probably pre-heated. At Umami, the broth was reasonably hot at first, but tepid after a few minutes because the bowls are thin.

The chef walked around the dining room talking to customers and he certainly cares about his guests and is enthusiastic about ramen. We are hoping that with time he is able to hone his craft and come closer to perfection. In a pinch we'd probably go back, but it's not something that we'd go out of our way to recommend to friends.
Extremely overpriced for what they give.

I ordered a shio (sea salt) flavored  basic bowl ($8) with roasted chicken (+$1.50). 

The basic bowl is $8.  The description of a basic bowl is : served with pickle bamboo shoots, scallion, spinach, carrot flowers, naruto (fish cake) and nori (seaweed).

It had ONLY one 1 inch diameter naruto (fish cake) of may be less than 2cm thickness.

May be 2-3 similar slices of carrot. Similarly, 1-2 thin-thin slice of seaweed. That should give you an idea of what the basic bowl would look like. (I should have taken a picture.)  

I was very disappointed. The noodle was not well cooked, the soup was very salty and not tasty and the amount of accompanying veggy/fish-cake etc. was way too little. 

I was really looking forward to a decent eating place in this location and am extremely disappointed. 

I was planning to take my wife and friends there; but  will take them to real noodle places in Tempe.
This place is literally 50 feet from where I work. The noodles I ordered were amazing. They were quick to prepare the meal for take out too. You earned a customer, I'll be back for lunch next time! Service was good too, they offered me water while I waited for my food, even as a take out order.
Basic orders cost 8$, add a few toppings and it can easily add up  to 11$
2/5 for great people working there, and the friendly vibe you get just walking in the door. BAM, smells like a pickling factory but do not fear, the bar area looks fun. Our experience was bad however-- the noodles in our ramen were cooked Al Dente, and you know what that means once an amalgam of them begins to expand in your stomach. They definitely weren't cooked all the way, so thus, I felt like I was going to LITERALLY lose my food after I finished a relatively small bowl. Yeah, I'm a small person, but you know, I can still eat! I just felt so sick afterwards.

The spinach- strange & refreshing.
The carrots- lovely.
The pork- cold, but good.
The nori- you know, your standard nori.
The broth- yeah, a little salty, but good. We tried the Pai Ton, the tonkotsu broth without the Pork ordeal.


But the noodles! They made me so sick, and I really want to love this place because their ramen is so diverse. After the meal, one of the friendly staff members made us some little non-alcoholic shots, so like I said-- SUPER NICE people! I just can't handle their style of food, it doesn't agree with me at all. If you're sensitive like me, try Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe-- they'll be a more classic and authentic option for you. 
Cheers!
I went here on their grand opening day for their tailgate kickoff event! I had been to Republic Ramen before and was greatly interested in something being closer to Mill Ave. 

Upon entering I found it full of people, a lot of energy, but I admit, I stood around for a few minutes, unsure if I had to wait to be seated or not (turns out, once I got ahold of a friendly staff member, it's seat yourself) 

The service was a mixed bag. When I did speak with a server, they were very friendly and energetic, but service was sporadic in quantity and quality. Some servers I saw go into extreme detail about the broth and how everything works, others quickly swooped by dropping off a menu and water. I unfortunately was never asked if I would like any of the free tea or sake specials that were going on, which I found on their event page after my meal. 

As for the food, I ordered a base of Shoyu broth ($8.00) with roasted pork ($1.50), pork belly ($2.00), a hard boiled egg ($1), Corn ($.50), roasted garlic ($.50) and butter ($.25). Apparently they have a spice level I could opt in for; I chose medium ($.25). I was a bit concerned for the additional cost of a spice level, but it was a modest up-charge so I didn't mind too much.

Upon getting my bowl, it was a fairly large size but smaller than at Republics. I couldn't find any sign of my pork belly, corn, garlic, spice, or egg, but being hungry, and with no one around, I dug in. The broth was fairly salty, but not overly so. My addition of butter helped add a velvety creaminess to the mix. The noodles were smaller in portion, but done to Al Dente standards, I really enjoyed the slight bite to the noodles, I only wish I could have had more. 

The downsides, not including my missing ingredients, was the meat! The pork had a great flavor and looked very legit, even including a but of charred skin but it was COLD. Cold meat is very off putting hen biting into hot soup, I tried to mix it up a bit more to warm it, but then my soup became significantly cooler. The flavor was great, but at least give me the illusion that this meat was fresh shredded for me and not pulled fresh from the fridge. 

The rest of the ingredients were scarce, I found one slice of naruto, one slice of seaweed, one carrot flower and three pieces of bamboo. The scallions were plentiful though. The extra ingredients that were found in the soup, while scarce, were very good. The carrot was not undercooked and the shoots were great! 

Once I was nearly done, my server came over with another bowl of soup,  but later found out that it wasn't mine. I explained that I was missing a lot of ingredients and she at least got them for me, but my soup was nearly finished. I got some more broth for free an a togo box, so it was the best I could have hoped for I suppose. 

The pork belly was a bit more on the fattier side for belly, but full of flavor. Again the meat was ice cold. The egg was creamy on the inside and not too shabby. I found from the waitress that we were supposed to spice up our own bowl of ramen, but I never received any spices to add, a shame. Overall my experience was not one of the best. I know it was grand opening day, and the place was fairly packed. I found some tables better taken care of: some had the spices table side and others got long explanations of what was offered more. I was helped by multiple servers so I place it on just bad luck and timing. My most recent one did the best she could to remedy the situation so a full tip for her! 

Overall I am not sure if this place would be my replacement for Republic Ramen. Rat offers bigger portions, more noodles and hot meats for only a few bucks and miles more. I'll come back in a few weeks and try again, perhaps it was just a case of the grand opening hectics. I hope so, because if the meat was hot, the ingredients not forgotten and the service more streamlined, I feel this place could really do something.

Once again though, the people themselves were fantastic and very friendly.
Alright - I am NOT a ramen expert.  I have never been to Japan, I have not worked under the best noodle master in Shanghai, I don't think I have had the best, most rare, noodles on the planet.  I only know what I like and what I don't like.  

I liked Umami a lot.  I enjoyed my bowl of ramen, and I wish I loved closer so I could have it more often.  I also really appreciated that I could select additional items to add to my bowl of ramen.  

If you are in the area, and fancy a tasty bowl of ramen, stop by.  It's not rocket science, kids, it's ramen.
The ramen was very good, and I liked that there were 3 ways to prepare the broth- soy, sea salt, or miso style. I got the soy and it was very tasty. There is a slip you fill out to order, so it is easily customizable to suit your fancy. Try the pear saki, very good! I loved the chalk board wall by the bathroom, fun to pass time while you wait. Also the up and coming private/quiet room looks nice for studying over lunch.
My husband and I went here today because we had heard about this new Ramen Noodle house that just opened up the past weekend and we were SO disappointed. It's WAY overpriced for the amount of noodles you get and on top of that you have to pay extra for toppings! $1 for 1 boiled egg, $1.50 for barely a handful of chicken AND .25cents for how spicy you want the soup to be. Definitely won't be going here anymore.
I was a little weary of this place due to the other reviews, but wanted to try it anyway. I will start this by saying I've never had authentic ramen, so I'm just going off my taste-buds here, and am stating that Umami was really good!

Their ordering system is "chipotle style" as you get to pick the type of broth, protein, and veggies/extras. I chose the miso ramen with pork, roasted garlic, and extra noodles (I was really hungry). My husband ordered the special which was creamy garlic chicken broth, with pork belly, hard boiled egg, and extra noodles. Both of our bowls were rich with flavor, and were generous in its portion of meats and vegetables. Our server was pleasant and on point, and the decor was bright and modern. They even have a zen garden, which I had fun playing with while my husband used the bathroom. I will for sure be back to try some more delicious ramen.
Got take out from here today. I was excited to see a new restaurant finally open at this location. The experience however, was not as expected. While the staff is pleasant, the food is mediocre at best. I had the vegan ramen with Togarashi corn, Tofu and Kimchi. The only problem was that the food came with plain corn and no Tofu, although I was definitely charged for both. The broth was lukewarm and extremely salty. Overall, a very disappointing lunch experience.
I had Umami for the first time today. I had my friends from work send me a screen shot of the menu, and then I ordered from there and they brought it back to work for me.
I am not sure which broth I had because I told my coworker to just get me "the best one" and it really was delicious. Super rich, salty and velvety. I added the roasted pork and a hard boiled egg to it.
I really enjoyed my lunch, and they packed it really well for take out, with the noodles in a different container than the broth so they wouldn't get mushy. I ate about half of it, and was super full. I put the rest in the fridge, and then re heated it about 3-4 hours later, afraid that the noodles were going to absorb all the broth and become gigantic and mushy. But no, they were still perfect.
I can't wait to come eat here more often as soon as the weather cools down. I think this will be a weekly lunch spot! A very satisfying meal
I must say I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the miso broth pork bowl and it was lacking in flavor. I got the normal pork, not the pork belly and it was quite fatty. 

A flavorless greasy bowl for $10 bucks will not entice me for a return visit.
I have been to this place twice. tried the miso grilled chicken and pork versions of their ramen offering.

Taste: its fine. Its ramen, true carbs. So its filling and fine. I personally like the taste of miso and so i like their broth as well. 

Add ons: Here is the rip off. If you order the 8$ bowl, you would get some ramen, spinach and kimchi. You need to add on your protein and flavor for additional cost. The more you pay, more flavor you get.

Price: This is my main gripe. Ramen is the cheap grad student food. Cup o noodle like basics are very pricey here. And my 12$ bowl of ramen is just not worth it.

I eat a lot of asian food: ramen, pho, etc. And i would not recommend this place if you love your asian food as well. 

They have a great marketing team though. They are all over facebook. Kudos to that.
I had the chicken, pork and the owner brought me a sample of the slow roasted pork. O. M. G. Delicious. Come hungry and leave satisfied. Very reasonable prices!
I've been trying all the various ramen shops in the Phoenix area.  This is hands down the best ramen I've had thus far.  They were kind enough to provide us samples of their different broths although they did not have their Tonkotsu broth available at the time, I did get the Paitan broth although I think next time I will try the Shoyu one.

Now that being said there were a couple things I do wish they would change... Price, people have complained about the price and if you get enough add-ons the price does get pretty high.  I kept my add-ons simple this time around as I wanted to get the base experience here.  So I ended up with a reasonable $11 bowl of ramen which isn't terribly bad.  Considering they're very, very close to ASU, I figured it'd be slightly cheaper to attract the student crowd but remembering my college days the instant ramen was sufficient and much more affordable so hopefully that doesn't bit them later due to the location.

The other thing I want to discuss is the temperature, the brother came out fairly good.  It could have been a little hotter though (temperature, not spicy) as it's seems a lot of the ingredients are put in cold and expected that the broth will heat them up and cook them slightly more... unfortunately this has the added effect of really cooling the broth down more than it should.  So either the broth needs to be much hotter which might effect it's taste or they really need to pre-heat the ingredients more so it's not so drastic of an effect on the temp of the broth.

I'm still a big fan as I said as it is definitely my favorite ramen place so far.
My first time at Umami and I left satisfied (and almost bursting at the seams). They have a vegan broth option which was delicious and on point. The ramen bowls start at $8, I added a boiled egg for $1 and was a happy camper. One star off because I really wish they had more veggie toppings (mushrooms, extra seaweed, Chinese broccoli) or even some fish for the protein? Also, their menu is slightly different from online so they may want to integrate the two -- we didn't get an option for the spiciness of the broth -- but I'm sure you could inquire. 

I'm definitely coming back.
I just fell in love (in several ways).

Great decor, clean bathrooms (which is always a plus), nice bar setting, amazing service (usually pretty waitresses are bad servers but this was a very pleasant exception).

The food was tasteful, filling, inexpensive, what else can you ask for?

I read a couple of bad reviews of people bitching about "authentic ramen" or the place being expensive. Don't listen to them. I mean, idk what's authentic nowadays, but what really matters is a good taste, and this place has it!

I had edamame with no salt but with a garlic oil, super yummy. 

The bowl with tofu was also super good. 

A cold unsweetened green tea was the perfect drink for that delicious dinner. 

I'll be back soon!

Cheers
O.K, so heres the thing. These guys got their "one of the hottest ramen noodle joints in the country yada yada" nod, before they were even open. Can you say great marketing team? Absolutely, and the place is really nice looking, but it's NOT good. And this is not an "authentic" vs not authentic thing as many people have taken one side or the other for. I could care less if it was authentic, as long as it tasted good, which it does not. Flavorless, greasy, over cooked this, under cooked that. The miso broth pork bowl was the biggest travesty of them all. There were 4 of us, and there were so many holes in the execution of the dishes, that it just felt clumsy and...yes, had you wishing for a more seasoned team (which may be why many people are screaming for "authenticity" by authentic they may just be saying they want something thats good....or at the very least something worth the price tag...which in this case is a little exorbitant compared to their competition.  Base price of most dishes is already on the border, and then come the add ons. Add Ons which are not add ons in other places that serve ramen. Bad form, they essentially even charge you extra for flavor. Bottom line, authentic, not authentic....I would rather spend my money in a place where the dishes come WITH the flavor included in the price. If you can make it down to Ahwatukee, Sushi Ken's got some stellar ramen. Ramen Republic not too shabby either, I would skip this one though. There are so many places where you'll be paying for a lot less than an awesome marketing team tells you you should pay for this kind of thing, and get a whole lot more.
Take it from an asian, this place was mediocre at best. 

First let me say this was somewhat hard to find; it's kind of tucked in the back corner behind the bank on 7th st and Myrtle.

Anyways, 

The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more. Starting off at $8 bucks just for the soup and a handful of noodles? Honestly it's just way too much for how little you get. Then you add your protein which can range in price. I ordered just the shoyou broth with pork for an add on of $1.50; when my bowl came out I looked at it and was thinking where is my meat? It was all shredded up into little bits.

I give it 2 stars for the decor; it was pretty nice and well lit. Bathrooms were nice as others have said. The service was ok; the two girls that served was friendly, but got lots of orders mixed up even with them numbering our tickets by seat positions.

I've definitely had better! A mile down the street is Republic Ramen it's cheaper than Umami and has a larger portion size. Needless to say I will never be going back here again.
I ordered a bowl with corn and pork. Cost more than 10 bucks.
The food was pricey and you can tell the pork was reheated from fridge.
My home made ramen tastes better than this...
Sorry to give two stars. Really need some improvements.
Not exactly sure what I ate, but it wasn't ramen, that for sure.  Might give it another try, i usually give all spots a 4th
Walked by this spot and was curious. Checked it out and loved it. I was a little turned off by the reviews, but I like to give places a chance. The head chef, Jared knows what hes doing. Their ramen is good and well prepared. I hope the locals catch on, they've got something good in Downtown Tempe.
An average restaurant experience. It is what it is. Noodles, broth, protein/tofu, and some veggies. For what you get probably a bit on the expensive side. I think with the other options on Mill Ave this would be a rare return for me.
Strike 1: Only proteins available at 12:15pm were tofu and spam. Wha???

Strike 2: It took the staff at least 15 minutes to INPUT our order into the computer and then realize that the only proteins available were tofu and spam. 

Strike 3: Even though we were seated first at a table, the three guys at the counter who were seated a few minutes after us got to order first.

Final thoughts? Generally disorganized and frantic. Pricey. Nearly undrinkable salty broth. 

However: super nice staff, great thick and chewy noodles, deliciously ripe kimchee, and functionally awesome soup spoons. (see photo)
The BEST easy lunch, dinner or late-night meal you could ever imagine! The ramen is flavorful and the bowls are enormous - more than I can eat in one sitting. Fresh vegetables and smoked pork with a bowl full of noodles hits the spot every time. For an extra rich fresh, add some butter and garlic - yum!! Nice having a great local spot that isn't corporate or boring to frequent in Tempe!!
LOVE IT!


Came here with a friend who recommended it. Upon entering, the atmosphere was really chill, lots of interesting stuff to add into one bowl. After chatting with the owner, discovered he actually studied his craft in Japan and that his noodles arrive fresh from a trusted source in California, real cool guy, attentive staff. excellent on a cold day!
We went two nights in a row during a very cold spell in Tempe and it hit the spot. Nice servers, fresh ingredients, clean food presentation, and decent vegetarian (broth & protein) options.

I liked the garlic paste a lot and added extra noodles and my bf added everything in there plus extra noodles and liked it all. That's a whole lot of noodles, but good if you're really hungry.

I'd like more veg options (extra carrots or anything really) just to round out my meal, but we got double edamame in a bento box the second night and that filled the void.
The food was okay. It kind of took a little while and then when it arrived, it wasn't as hot as it should have been. It was kind of salty. And it was expensive!!! My boyfriend and I each got a bowl and it ended up being $33 including tip. After everything, it wasn't terrible, but I don't think I will be returning back.
I've been a few times, and overall the atmosphere has been very chill without too many rowdy ASU students. 

Service in the dining area was a little off-- orders were forgotten--but the place is new enough so I understand. 

The food is delicious, they serve Orion, and have a great selection of sake and are very knowledgeable and eager to let you sample, especially if you sit at the bar.

The owners and staff are all really cool and I love that I can go after midnight on the weekends. I just wish it were a bit cheaper.
Went back today and was a little confused. The hard boiled egg addition is now a pickled egg, which is doesn't say anywhere on the menu. My friend got the vegan noodle bowl and it came with rice noodles, when last time it came with ramen noodles- also we were never brought sriracha or any of the spice packets. Not saying it was bad, just disappointed in the lack of consistency.
The ramen expert in me wants to cringe when I eat the ramen. LOL But I also know that I'm not in Japan or California, and this is probably better than most ramen places in Tempe.

Well, it's better than Republic Ramen... if that is saying much? However, it's probably from the same people of Republic Ramen. The broth, the menu and the style is just too similar. And it's just as expensive. I ordered the ramen.... no toppings and it was $8. Additional toppings are at least $1 per topping, and that is ridiculous.

I don't know where these guys learned to make ramen but please.... no more spinach. It ruins the texture and flavor of the broth. I don't even want to ask why there is corn available as a topping. I'll just get annoyed. -______-

Better off going back to Cherry Blossoms for their ramen (which actually tastes like Japanese ramen).
This place has a lot of potential, with that being said, for the price, I expect the best most thoughtfully prepare bowl of Ramen.  It was good, but not that good.
My friends and I came here one morning for some breakfast ramen. Something, most ASU students will do, whether Maruchan, Top Ramen or Ramen Republic or some kind of blonde and thick horse hair. When we came here, the place had been barely open a week or so. 

Let me start off by stating that I parked far off. I wasn't sure if we could park in the lot next to the church right in front so rather than be towed away by most of the predatory tow companies that patrol Tempe and especially the ASU area like Nazis, I just parked in the lot next to Ztejas. Let me tell you, it was a brisk walk with me being a minature landwhale having more chin than a Chinese phone book at the time. I've since lost a disturbing amount of weight and look like a concentration camp survivor. I'm striving for that sexy middle ground, but I digress. 

We came in and the place was actually pretty nice. The bathrooms were super artsy and clean and Japanese garden looking. Nice I thought. Waitress, pretty good looking. We sat down and there was crayons in boxes of sand, further more drawing on the Japanese style decor, and drawing paper. I thought that was pretty cool too.

I looked at the menu. It's not as cheap as Ramen Republic or a $0.20 bag of top ramen, I'll tell ya that. The basic bowl of ramen was like $8. All the other toppings and stuff were $.025 to $2 more so or. I thought that was a gyp but it must be delicious to command such a price. We ordered. Now, since it was barely a week after opening day and I heard that they were giving away free ramen on that day, they were out of a bunch of ingredients so I had to maneuver through what little that they had left. 

The ramen came out pretty good. I just don't like the pricing especially when Ramen Republic is all inclusive as far as additives are and the prices for extras are just that...extra.
Food was great- but the service...guys:  get it together!  you almost have a home-run, but the lack of training and skill set is KILLING your customer base.
Best ramen I have had outside of Japan.

Most are only familiar with the 10 cent crap from Food City, if you even eat that= this place isn't for you.

Clean spot.

VERY friendly staff.

New place, and can feel that they are still working things out, but as a business owner that is a non-issue.

GREAT ramen, the chef had us try a few of the things we didn't order, and it was so good we are heading back in a few mins, 1 week later.

-and WAYYYYYY better than the kinda dirty spot about a mile away that I was at just 1 week before, and never going to again...
I had somewhat high hopes, and I like their logo, the building and the restaurant design. The service was a bit odd - the server seemed confused, and they were out of some drinks and food. We pushed on and each had a bowl of ramen - mine was pork based with garlic and kimchi - similar to what I've had on Honshu near Korea. It was OK - and certainly nothing like authentic. The edamame was above average. Worried about their survival as Arizona needs ramen shops of every quality.
After living in East Asia for over 6 years, Umami is one of the best places in Phoenix for an excellent bowl of ramen. I highly recommend the Paitan broth for it's rich flavor.

Chefs are passionate about the food they make and the staff in general are very friendly and knowledgeable.

Also, great selection of Asian beers, sake and tea.
Good luck on trying to find this little gem! It's definitely not an easy find, but if you're one of the lucky ones who do find it, you know just how delicious it is!

I'm not a huge ramen eater, so when my friends suggested we try this little place, let's just say that I wasn't super thrilled. But I like hanging out with friends and will try just about anything, so figured why not. And boy am I glad I did.

While the ramen bowls start at $8 and you have to pay additionally for each topping, it doesn't make it the cheapest meal. (My thoughts on this is more or less for college kids, since it's on Mill...). However, with that said, my $11 meal here, was totally worth it and suuuuuper delicious! So much so, that I'd even enjoy going back!
I think I haven't reviewed Umami yet because I kind of wanted to keep it a secret. It has become my favorite place to get away for lunch on a work day. It is within walking distance of my office and is just a block west of Mill Ave and 6th Street but it feels like a special hidden place. They are never crowded and the staff is always relaxed and friendly. The décor seems very cool and trendy and their prices are pretty reasonable so I am not sure why there aren't a ton of students in here all the time. But that's fine with me, I like things quiet and chill the way they are now. They do have a really good bar so maybe they get a little more lively during happy hour? I'll have to check that out sometime...

The first time I wandered in here I sat at the bar and a friendly young guy (who was pretty easy on the eyes, btw) explained the menu to me and the ordering process. Basically you fill out a card and check the boxes for the flavor of broth you want, then pick the protein, then whatever extra toppings you want (each have the addl cost listed). Don't worry about picking any of the extras if you don't want to because even the "basic" bowls of ramen have plenty of good stuff in there - bok choy, carrot, radish, bamboo shoots... and of course those super tasty noodles! My favorite broth is the Paitan. It sort of tastes like a miso broth but with more flavor. I agree with the other reviewers that sometimes the broth can be a little too salty so I had to subtract one star. However I love all the flavor and the vegetables and noodles are always delicious. The chicken or pork is precooked but pretty rare so it finished cooking in the broth. All the flavors meld together and create a wonderful bowl of goodness. Yum, yum, my mouth is watering right now!!!
The best Ramen and service one could ask for!!!! Their broths are delicious. Never had a bad experience ... Be sure to order their special Mike's sauce which is so good it will make you smack your mama! Oh yeah, did I mention that they are open to 3am on weekends!! No more fast food for me!! #ramensogood #mikesaucefanatic #noguiltpleasure
Thank you for opening Umami!  When people find this hidden ramen house, its going to be busy all the time.  Thankfully when we arrived today, we got to enjoy the entire place to ourselves!  It was around 4:00pm and we were greeted by a lovely woman, a wonderful spirit, super welcoming and with a warm the heart kind of smile.  I felt truly welcomed by this person.  She gave us a little introduction about the place and let us choose where we wanted to sit.  They have plenty to choose from!  You walk thru the front door into the bar area with a large bar and tables with high bar stools with a television.  To the left of the bar you walk into the dining room area.  This area is painted lively colors with green chairs and origami on the rafters...(soon there will be local artwork hanging/painted on the walls - I asked, its true!).  To the right of the bar is a smaller room, they call the quiet/tea room.  It is a small, comfy room with dim lights and a zen atmosphere; a place I would love to come to read a book or study.  The restrooms are located past the tea room.  And there is also a large outside area with picnic tables.  

We chose Umami because we love ramen, its walking distance from our home, it would be a new experience for us, and to finish a book my love and I have been studying.  It was perfect.  The woman who greeted us and waited on us for our visit, was so so so nice and wonderful!  Her name was Paula!  I hope all of you that visit Umami, get to enjoy Paula as well!  She was very thorough with explaining our options and then promptly returned with our hot tea and water.  We ordered miso soup and she took our order slips for the ramen.  The miso soup came right out, almost as fast as ordering it.  It was very flavorful with little bits of tofu and sliced scallions.  We began reading and taking notes on our book and soon enough before I even finished my soup the ramen was at our table!  We ordered rice noodles with vegan broth, tofu, kimchi, garlic, and corn.  There was also spinach leaves and bamboo shoots in the bowl.  Huge bowls of ramen noodles loaded with glorious veggies!!! AAAAAAA! In heaven!

I must admit we were there for a couple hours.  Relaxing, really loving the quiet and peaceful atmosphere.  Paula was great.  She was excellent with checking in on us at the right times and leaving our table with a smile.  We chatted a bit about the restaurant, asking about if it was always empty around this time of day.  She said lunch is busy but during the mid afternoon hours, not to much traffic.  In the evening it picks up around 6 or 7pm.  Umami is fairly new, only being open since September, making this a secret spot for most .  Especially since its not really on Mill Ave or 6th St.  
Well, let my review be the deal breaker, for you must visit Paula and Umami!  Give this place some love because it needs to stay around for a long time!  Such a wonderful, little loving ramen house that is away from the busy bodies on Mill Ave.  Its like a little oasis.

Thank you Paula for being such a beautiful person!
Great concept and great food! After spending time in Japan and eating a lot of ramen, this ranks up there in comparison. The passion and dedication of the owner chef comes through with amazing and fresh ingredients.
Totally amazing ramen! I like this better than Pho...! Great flavors, try the pork belly! Super filling.
Absolutely amazing ramen! Kept a rowdy group of 14 guys silent for a whole meal. This is the real deal. Everything is prepared for hours and hours and you can practically taste the effort that goes into it. 

Not to mention the staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgable. This is my favorite place in Tempe and I can't wait to come back.
Absolutely wonderful.

A unique dining experience with extremely friendly staff.  Best ramen I've ever had.
The food, and the sake were very good. They urged me to set my prejudice aside and get Spam® with my ramen, and I'm happy I did. The prices were very reasonable as well. 

The front of the house needs some practice. For instance, they missed handing off our order smoothly when the servers switched, and our bento appetizers didn't arrive until after the ramen had arrived. Mind you, they did the right thing and comped the appetizers. I'm not complaining. But I think it would help if they brought in a good front of house person to help out what could otherwise be an outstanding restaurant. 

(We sat in the dining room-I observed at least two parties try to enter the place by way of a non-functioning door before they realized they needed to enter via the bar door. Maybe a little signage is in order?)

Definitely recommended.
Outstanding service - very fun, personable and warm people. Great atmosphere and attention to detail. Went out of their way to take care of us. Amazing place, and delicious ramen! Great place to take a date. 

You have to check it out!
Great ramen, atmosphere and service... Saw two flies inside the restaurant though, which makes me a little concerned.
Went on an off day - and it was still pretty packed. Ordered rather quickly then it all went down hill from there.  Received the appetizer quickly then waited over 30 min for our ramen. They were out Pork Belly at 11:15 am and as the server announced they had a rather busy midnight crowd.. Mind you they open at 11:00am. After noticing people who arrived after us had eaten and were leaving I inquired why my order was taking so long. The manager mentioned they were waiting for me to finish my appetizer which was edamame and seaweed salad. Funny - we had finished that in 10 minutes. FINALLY our ramen came and although it was very tasty - it wasn't tasty enough to wipe away the fact that they were out of 3 of their meats and soup took 42 minutes to arrive. Would I return - I think now..
This place serves me a shameless addiction in the form of a soup that is so full of flavor, especially when customized with the help of the friendly and experienced staff or owners/operators that frequently interact with guests, that I constantly crave it.

  Pairs nicely with refreshingly cold japanese beers and authentic appetizers.

  Go and try the ramen soup, as is (each broth has their own strengths) and enjoy the work that is brought by full time attention to the broth creation, and then come back and ask how you can customize it - Warning: your mind may melt.

  Also, fairly empty on week nights and there are three different 'sections' with various ambiances to choose from. A quiet VIP lounge area with dim lighting and nice decor, an inviting bar with plenty of seating, and a dining room area that has great music playing.

(Note: The place, somewhat hard to find the first time around, is one block North of Myrtle and University, park and walk past the parking garage ramp)
This place is hands down one of my new favorites. The staff are friendly, personable. 

The black tea sochu shot, in the peach beer is my new fav drink. 

The ramen is the best I've ever had!
Holy crap

I just went there with a group of friends. Becca the chef told me about some special spicy chicken cracklings they made today for the ramen. 

I tried them (never had cracklings before)

And it was amazing. Even better than the roasted chicken I've now ordered every Friday for the last few months. 

If they have it, TRY IT!  

Also their new vanilla infused sake was awesome!
Very good ramen.  Liked that you could customize your own bowl of ramen.  Way to much food for me.  Next time will have to share with my husband.  The  staff is friendly and attentive. Great selection of appetizers, beer, and sake.
Visited this restaurant on a whim while visiting with friends from New York and it was absolutely amazing!!

We ordered the ramen bowl with cracklings and spam and spicy corn and our taste buds were absolutely delighted.  I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the country, including Morimoto in NYC and I was absolutely blown away by Umami.

We also were intrigued to order the carrot hummus which was fantastic!  I would recommend both dishes very highly.

We drank Buddha beer and their 12 year old Japanese whiskey (forgot the name) which was a pleasant surprise.  I never had Japanese whiskey before but I am a fan for life.

If you visit the Tempe area, you absolutely MUST make it a point to stop at Umami and treat yourself to a plethora of Japanese treats!
This place was definitely open last time I checked! 
I still don't trust it though, there is something seriously too addicting and delicious about their ramen!
Crazy good service. I am not a ramen expert so I don't know where it ranks... But it's clean with amazing service... Beer is cold... And food is good. We will be back. 

It's back open too FYI
I love Umami. 
It's my favorite place for Ramen in Phoenix fo sho.  

Great quality food, nice selection of ingredients to add, broths are tasty, it's not too expensive,  and it comes out in a timely manner.  Love it.
Very cool food! Great presentation , simple menu , and the food is tasty. You'll probably enjoy their noodle bowl. You can go all vegan , but they only have alcoholic drinks.
Tried this place with my boyfriend tonight and was very impressed. I will be honest I am not a ramen expert but we were both very happy with our meals as well as the service. I had the Paitan preparation with roast pork and the boyfriend had the miso with the chicken. The presentation was beautiful with the nori, carrot "flowers" and fish cake. The roasted garlic and corn extras were really tasty. Other reviews comment that the ramen is pricey, but my opinion is dinner out for two for about $20 isn't too bad, especially if it tastes good. 

I also want to add that this is a stark contrast to the "Ramen night" at Posh. I thought the flavors, presentation and service were much better at Umami than at Posh, and Umami is much less expensive than Posh too. 

I can't wait to bring more friends here!
Ok, to start with, I recently had ramen at Takumi in Okayama, Japan which is probably the best I've EVER have had in my life.  

So, it's not really fair, but I am still going to do this.

I recently went to Republic Noodle House after my trip back from Japan, after realizing that I actually CAN eat a hot noodle dish in the Summer time, without getting grumpy and fidgety.  The soup stock was bland, and the only thing they had going for it was the amount they gave you.

So, decided to give Umami a try.  Got there kind of early, around 5:30, so I was pretty much the only person there. Started talking with the chef, and realized he knew what he was doing.  He talked about boiling the bones to create the broth, a whole day and a half before serving it.  DING.

I ordered the Shoyu, with Chasu w/hard boiled egg, a side of kimchi and a Asahi torpedo.  

It was an extremely enjoyable meal. I enjoyed the broth immensely, as chef has taken the time to properly prepare it. There was plenty to eat, and it did fill me up and met expectations.  

They do have slipper chopsticks, which would have been my only qualm.  I forgot to bring my set from Kamakura, but perhaps next time.  Because there will be a next time.  And a time after that, and another time after that.  Republic is definitely a one-and-done place for me.

***Last minute add....If you go before 7pm, you get $2 off your Ramen, and the torpedo of beer is $6 instead of $8.  Happy Hour indeed.
loved it!! Built your own is always winner everybody like different food! the service was great and the food was tasty and it's was my first time and Probably not the last! I tried the bowl With miso broth with the chicken roasted and with the other stuff they put in their.Very nice place love the concept deco and very clean and peaceful:)Bravo J'aDore à la prochaine mes amis!:)))
Authentic ramen. Noodles were cooked just right. We had Shoyu and Paitan ramen and both of the ramen's broths were excellent, but a bit salty. 
Clean and modern atmosphere. Definitely a place to try if you are craving for soup noodles.
Good atmosphere, good food and good service. My girl and I both had the Miso base with different fixings and we both enjoyed our meal. We'll be going back for sure.
Ive been coming here since day one and I continue to go. Ive eaten ramen at some of the top ramen houses in the U.S., Momofuku, Yamadaya, Tat-Suya, Oiister, Zen 6, Momi and have to say that Umami satisfies the need. 

Every time I visit Umami I seem to bring another person and the reaction is always positve. I tend to be the type of person who eats the same thing so I get paitan, charsu, pork belly, soft egg, togarashi corn, kimchi, no spinach, no carrots, extra nori, extra naruto. 

The atmosphere is fun, the decor is great. Ive gone with dozens and by myself and service is always great. Drinks are reasonable and the price of a bowl of ramen isn't outside of the norm. Just my $0.02
Love this place. The paitan is always amazing, drinks are super tasty, great selections of sake and beers, atmosphere is nice, servers are super friendly, always great food! Best ramen in tempe!
My first Ramen and Saki experience.   Great food with an amazingly friendly staff.  
    The Ramen with pork great.  Also try the Saki with the meal.  It's not just a meal, it is an experience .
Excellent food and great unique options.
Cafe Zupas' debut into the Vegas Valley from its SLC roots finally happened this week!  They are also opening a Summerlin location soon.  The space is on the north edge of the shopping center at Richmar and Eastern, on the same side as Red Mango and Popped, next to Republic.

They are known for Soups, Salads, and Sandwiches, with soups scratch made daily and a window into the kitchen.  Today the place was packed with ladies lunching and lots of happy children.  The space is very bright and there were staff welcoming us every step of the way.  I had lunch here with Randal R.  We both did the you pick 2 combo, which is a choice of 2 from: whole sandwich, half salad, soup.  He got the Asian BBQ pork sandwich and I am not sure what else.  I got the Thai mango chicken salad and the Yucatan Chicken Soup.  

The salad ingredients are FRESH and separated and it is assembled in front of you.  A chorus of "Thai Mango" from each person down the line greeted me.  I did not pay enough attention to the menu until later so you can create your own salad, which will be fun for next time.

There are many salad creations, soups, and sandwiches suggested though.  I was also able to sample soups before picking one.  The Yucatan chicken soup was flavorful but a tad too salty.  I still got it because it came with free optional toppings: GUACAMOLE, lime, and tortilla strips.  Free guac?  Yes please!

The salad was DEEEElicious.  Fresh mango, thin grilled chicken (cold), crisp lettuce, wonton strips, light drizzle of peanut dressing...I definitely would order it again.  I also got passionfruit-mango iced tea - there is a cute "Italian soda syrup bar" with recipes to help patrons create flavors with the soda fountain.  Also, there is a hot sauce collection (Blair's Death, Dave's Insanity, etc.) so that is a nice touch.  Overall, friendly staff, fresh made food, lots of options, and very affordable.  Every order got a small piece of fresh baked bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry!!!  Combo is $7.99, takes credit cards.
Living across from this strip mall, it is always exciting to see the new adventures taking place. For a few weeks I watched the corner of Eastern Ave and Richmar Ave, develop into this bright red decored restaurant advertising soups, salads, and sandwiches. Definitely a place I needed to try!

I ventured over there this past Friday, and found it absolutely amazing! I was greeted at the door by an employee who was extremely friendly and knew the menu well. I tried the Nuts over Berries salad, which was incredibly fresh and the crushed cinnamon almonds definitely offered a pizzaz!

And if that wasn't enough to make this experience memorable, it came with a chocolate covered strawberry! 

New. 
Favorite. 
Place.
Can't wait to go back ! 

I had been wanting to try this place out after driving by and seeing the word soups I am a huge soup fan & this place does not disappoint !!

Their mushroom bisque is literally the best creamy mushroom soup I have ever had and I highly recommend it  . . &  their tomato basil although different than most place's is unique and pretty good  . .  they also will let you sample all the soups before you choose one if you choose to do so !!

They also have a vast range of salads and sandwiches that you can watch being made in front of you 

I got the crab and avocado hot panini with munster cheese and it was delicious i dunked it into that awesome mushroom soup haha  . . 

And my order came with fresh bread & gianttt fresh and delicious chocolate covered strawberries for free !  . . 

I didn't try their salads but they all looked really good   . . I also had a passion fruit mango iced tea which was great 

The lay out is modern and clean and you can watch the chefs through a glass wall cooking the soups !! They are made fresh daily and have a huge selection 

they also had a bunch of desserts like fresh berry custards and cheesecakes etc. for display that all looked awesome
First timer for dinner tonight. They were very friendly and the food was tasty!
It's kind of like Subway-esque where they make the items for you, not like Sweet Tomatoes where you make your own. I had a large salad (cobb with ranch) and my hubby got the pulled pork and cauliflower cheese soup. We also splurged on a chocolate cake slice and rocky road brownie, cuz you know that is needed after a semi healthy salad :p
On my cobb, I wanted to sub cucumbers for olives and asked for extra ranch. It felt like pulling teeth to get a substitution and extra dressing. Hubby asked for no cabbage on his sandwich, but got it anyway. His pulled pork sandwich was mostly cabbage. The little meat that was on the sandwich and they bread were really good though. My salad was crisp and fresh. The soup was decadent and creamy. We mostly just dunked the bread into the soup like it was fondue. So good. The meals came with a chocolate strawberry and bread which was tasty.  The brownie was super rich and my hubby who is a sweets-aholic could only eat a few bites. Same with the cake. I recommend splitting a dessert or just be happy with the strawberries lol.
When ringing up they rang us for a salad and a separate soup. We almost didn't get our sandwich. They had already slid my card when I asked where our sandwich was and then they had to charge my card again for the difference. 
All in all there is high hopes for this place after they get their grove on. I do wish they had a build your own salad instead of just subbing things on their current menu without having to do extra $.50 charges for adding simple things like tomato or cucumber.
So happy! I've had Cafe Zupas in Salt Lake City and when my husband and I found out there was one here we were there! I love love love the Turkey Bacon Avocado panini and the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup is definitely my favorite! The atmosphere is fantastic and the food is great! We have a 3 month old and the greeters always offer to go get us a booster seat for his car seat. Really makes getting our food convenient!
Reminds me of when a guy "messes up" and sends flowers to your work to make everything okay. Cafe Zupas tries this trick with the delicious chocolate covered strawberry with every meal. 

Not bad. Not the greatest. I cannot give it anymore than three stars from my first meal with them. 

Ultimate Grilled Cheese- Cheddar, Muenster, Tomatoes & House-made Pesto Sauce. This was good. The bread reminds me of the two ends nobody wants to eat in the loaf. Once I got past that thought I actually enjoyed the sandwich. Good job Zupas.

Tomato Basil with Orzo Pasta- This shit was sweeter than the chocolate covered strawberry! I hated it and only took two bites (because I will try anything twice). I also sampled the Chicken Tortilla- too salty, the Wild Mushroom- too salty. Maybe I am just one picky Mofo when it comes to soups, but they just don't work for me.

Chocolate Covered Strawberry- She was a beauty. She made everything better. So much better I almost forgot how much I disliked the soups!

I can see myself coming back here to try the Thai Peanut Chicken Sandwich and one of their twelve different salads. I will have to get past the fact:

They have sooooo many minions, I mean employees. It's fucking overkill and the exact opposite experience I want to have on my lunch break. 

The way the interior is designed flares up my Claustrophobia. Again, not what I find appealing. 

Other than those minor issues I will be back to hopefully bump them up a star. For now, I am leaving this place alone until the rest of the town tries it and just finds it's nothing special.
God forbid you should have any allergies and ask the manager if he wouldn't mind checking an item on his menu for an ingredient that causes people severe migraines. He not only refused but skirted my question with some BS about their ingredients possibly being from different vendors and they have no control over what's in it...Blah, Blah, Blah. Horrible processed food full of sodium nitrites and MSG. definitely won't go back. im sure many people will like this place but there is nothing fresh or healthy about it. UGH!
Food was fresh, good, and FAST! I gave it only 3 stars because there was no whole wheat bread.
The people were friendly and the soup was good. I got the chicken tortilla and it was good Flavor. He got the lobster bisque and liked it. However the sandwich was skimpy. The kids chicken was good as not overly fried but no ketchup! How do you not have a basic condiment? The chocolate strawberry is a nice treat and good selection of fountain drinks. The price is very reasonable and for a quick lunch we would go back for soup or salad only.
Cafe Zupas is a fast-casual restaurant that is new to Nevada, its first location is now open in Henderson near the shopping center at Richmar and Eastern. A second is coming soon to Summerlin. Cafe Zupas has had great success in Utah and Arizona. They offer homemade soups, freshly made salads, paninis, and gourmet sandwiches. I was fortunate to receive an invite to a VIP party that allowed Frank and I to sample various menu items. All guests were warmly welcomed and encouraged to sample the Try 2 Combo, which comes with a whole sandwich, half soup and half salad for $7.99. The Kid's Meal Combo is $3.99.

Salads are made in front of you as you order, soups are made fresh daily in Cafe Zupas' kitchen, and sandwiches are fixed when you place your order. It is quite the assembly line. I chose the Tomato Basil soup with Orzo Pasta, topped with asiago cheese for .59, their signature salad Nuts About Berries and Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini. Frank had the Yucatan Chicken Tortilla soup, the BBQ Chicken salad, and the the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich. They got started on our orders right away, all components were added to our tray, we selected Brownies for dessert and our order came with Belgian Chocolate Covered Strawberries. By the time you pay your tab (ours was gratis on this visit), your order is complete and ready to be whisked away to a cozy table in the dining room.  

We dug into the soups first, the Tortilla soup is fantastic and loaded with flavor. It was so tasty Frank devoured it before I could snap a photo. The Tomato Basil was good, but less of favorite. It's quite sweet and very heavy on basil flavor. I hear the Wild Mushroom Bisque is not to be missed so I'll try that one next time.

Next, we tried the salads, I had the better of two with Nuts About Berries. It was loaded with fresh berries and topped with cinnamon almonds and lightly dressed with poppyseed dressing. It' a bit sweet, but not cloying so it was enjoyable. The BBQ Chicken salad was loaded with tomatoes, black beans, corn, olives, red onion and dressed with buttermilk ranch. What it lacked was BBQ chicken. There are ten other salads to choose from one is sure to strike your fancy.

Unfortunately, the sandwiches were the weakest link. This is a shame because their Italian Ciabatta bread is really fresh and delicious. The BBQ Pulled Pork tasted more like honey mustard that BBQ. It wasn't a very hearty sandwich. Sadly, the turkey wasn't very good. It tasted like prepackaged deli meat. I prefer freshly sliced deli meats. I expected actual artichokes on the sandwich, but it was a spread. That was my mistake, the menu clearly states a three cheese artichoke spread. I overlooked it. Truly, the bread is so good, I'd try the gourmet sandwiches again. I'm interested in the Asian BBQ Pork and the Vegetarian.

Dessert ended the meal on a pleasant note. I love Belgian Chocolate Dipped Strawberries so those alone wooed me, but the brownies were quite good and oh, so decadent. Gooey caramel and candy topped one and the other was more of a bar with coconut, nuts, chocolate and other goodness. 

The staff was incredibly friendly, they gave out dozens of prizes including water bottles and giftcards. Discounts and prizes will also be given out during their Grand Opening celebration on May 18. There are few places where a complete meal can be had for less than ten bucks, but it can be done at Cafe Zupas.
Not sure what first caught my eye about this place, but something did.  I'd been wanting to go to this place for awhile now.   I've read some reviews about how this place reminds them of a Subway and I can see why.  While Subway focuses on the sandwich, this place offers soups, salads, and sandwiches, which is ok.  (Note: Before I go to a restaurant, I usually look at the menu so I know what I'm going to order when I get to the place.  I was disappointed to see that for the CYO Salad, while they had a decent variety of dressings/lettuces/toppings/etc. to choose from, they were pretty limiting to how many toppings you can choose!  What about those people who wants lots of vegetable toppings and not just 4?) Regardless, I decided to try it out tonight.  I have to admit that I'm not terribly happy with my first time here.  Having had nursed an upset stomach for the past few days, I decided to go with a vegetable soup with a clear broth and the vegetarian sandwich.  The soup was pretty salty.  That's about all I can say about it.  The sandwich wasn't too bad, but I wasn't too impressed with it. For the portion amount, I feel like both was a bit overpriced.  

However, seeing as this seems to be a fairly new place, I'm willing to get them a second try when I'm feeling 100%, rather than just 90%.
My friend is obsessed with this place, so it was quickly nominated for girls lunch. My first impression was that it was spacious and everyone was super friendly, I mean they open the door for you and are ready with recommendations. I immediately decided on the pick 2 combo, for the price it seemed like a bargain. The Asian BBQ sandwich sounded amazing and I heard the roasted cauliflower soup was fantastic, so I ordered it up. I love that you can see all of the ingredients, everything is so fresh and colorful, it really adds to the experience. We were pushed expeditiously through the line and found a table despite it being packed. I really enjoyed the Asian BBQ sandwich, it definitely had a kick to it but it had a good fresh flavor too. I instantly fell in love with the cauliflower soup, it was so creamy and rich, mmmmmm perfection! I like that they give you a piece of bread to dip in the soup, but it was overkill with my sandwich. I loved ending my meal with a chocolate covered strawberry, such a simple touch but a great way to end any meal. 

I was so impressed that I decided to go back that weekend with my husband. This time I tried the pulled pork sandwich and of course the cauliflower soup again. The pulled pork had honey mustard and cabbage on it. I don't normally enjoy honey mustard, but I thought all of the flavors worked well together. My husband had the clam chowder and the Italian sandwich. The clam chowder had a lot of black pepper in it, which wasn't my favorite, but he enjoyed it. The Italian sandwich, on the other hand, was great and I really enjoyed their homemade balsamic dressing.

Overall, I think this is a really great lunch option. Everything is fresh and made to order. The customer service is fantastic, in fact when my husband and I were there they were giving away their daily customer service award to one of their team members - how cool! I can't wait to try some more soups and maybe even a salad next time. This is definitely a welcome addition to the Henderson scene.
Don't let the line scare you they are very quick with the food preparation, and I love the recharge bar concept.
I went from not knowing that Cafe Zupas even existed to becoming a huge fan in one visit.
,.
When you walk in, you'll see their bright, aesthetically pleasing menu of soups, salads, and sandwiches. There are also desserts available near the register. I would skip the salads because they tend not to carry as much savory flavor.

My favorite sandwich is easily the Italian Club, which apparently has a sauce made of some sort of really addictive chemical. It was love at first bite. The Asian BBQ Pork was also good. I like to pair a sandwich in a $7.99 Try Two combo with a half soup of some sort. So far, all of the soups that I have tried are excellent: Shrimp & Sausage Gumbo, Mushroom Bisque (vegetarian), Lobster Bisque, and New England Clam Chowder. They are served with a complimentary piece of bread, and there are several options for mix-ins that I haven't tried yet but could be nice if you're into that kind of thing.

I've tried a friend's cheesecake, which was really delicious, but more conservative eaters will be satisfied for dessert with the complimentary chocolate-dipped strawberry. The fruit is so good on its own and you can taste it, and the chocolate just makes it better.

Finally, check out the recharge bar if you're alone or in a small group. You get bar-style seats on a counter, an interactive screen with drink mix ideas and other features, and most importantly, free recharging with the normal power outlets and USB outlets. You'll probably find me there if it's empty.

Cafe Zupas adds a very affordable, very delicious casual eating restaurant to the already extensive array of Eastern Ave. eateries. You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try it.
UPDATE: Ok, so I went there for a second time....had the Asian BBQ Pork Sandwich. It was FANTASTIC! So so good.....BUT, most of it was bread. Again, tasted great, but c'mon guys, give us a little more substance to our sandwiches!


I had the Try 2 combo. 
Chicken pesto panini & Roasted red pepper lobster soup. The food is delicious. The soup was fantastic. The panini was also great, but I felt like it was lacking ingredients. Don't get me wrong, the mixture of ingredients is great.....but I feel like it could have been a "thicker" sandwich. That's the only thing I felt a bit jipped on. 

The customer service is great. There are a ton of people behind the counter. And every single one of them smiles at you and tells you to have a good day. A bit of an overload, but it's better than poor customer service. 

I'd give them 5 stars of they made Nutrition information available...which seems reasonable for a place that specializes in salad, soup, and sandwiches.
And the sandwich just needs a little more "umph" to it.
My first time to a Cafe Zupas.  During lunch time, expect a crazy busy establishment. Upon just parking, you can already see the lines through their windows.  But one thing you have to keep in mind...it's new, it's lunch time, and it's located off Eastern Ave.  So many restaurants off Eastern Ave is super packed during lunch time.  Zupas was no different.

After finally getting parked, you walk in.  The line is organized somewhat like what you see at Disneyland (minus the fast pass).  However, the line for ordering does go pretty quick.  Your food is built in an assembly like fashion starting with your salads, sandwiches, soup, and finally desserts. The place is packed and the other concern is whether or not you will even have a seat.  Go ahead and try to save a table.  Can't do it, it's not allowed.  They even have signs posting that you cannot save a table.  This wasn't a problem since there's was at least 3 tables opened when we ate. But I'm sure there are days where seating in limited. 

As for their food, I got their Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini with their Lobster Bisque.  The soup portions are huge and the food portions are just okay.  My sandwich wasn't bad, actually was pretty good.  It's the soup that I rave about.  The the price and taste of their lobster bisque rivals other sitdown, more expensive restaurants.  Just wish there was thick pieces of lobster in there.  My total order came up to about $10 which included the sandwich, soup, drink, a strawberry, and a lunch roll.  

Prices are about average for the rest of the menu, but they do have a lunch special for $7.99.  This includes sandwich and half soup.  By the way, if you have a sweet tooth, then you have to try their desserts. I'm not saying it's good, because for one, I don't have a sweet tooth. And two, I didn't have any.  The presentation looks good. I guess I will just have to wait for someone else's review to see how good the sweets truly are. One of my issues with this place...so many damn calories in almost everything here.  I know there is because myfitnesspal told me. Overall, I am giving this place 4 stars just because I will probably be back and so far, I'm a fan.

PS:  I still think Beach Hut Deli, which is located in the same parking lot, is better.  Also, not as busy. 

Turkey Spinach Artichoke:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gCG3DRBkaUwppIrFHK3u5g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Lobster Bisque:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=54M_HQZ28B8dUcHFQAFZcA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Just for Kicks:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jebJH5dCLO1mJZqMcxwJQg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

More Food:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LXZdzRbRcAj8sTfaGwMX_g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Signage:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fDSg0ZiphuYR2hQRpC4mOA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Stressed Spelled Backwards:
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tYzl3O18G4WB1mkp3oSd0g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=f4-EinZe2c1ye8xtikG7og&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UnZINHMORJvW0b20FZxryA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=aJ64UckpSYrXXKkhAjGB-A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=eq2k5-lQHBlz3kFdnCeG6Q&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
The food was OK tasting, too much dairy and too sweet. The biggest caveat was that everyone felt bloated after eating it. Will never go there again, better opening a can of soup and having a homemade salad.
I did like the Italian soda shots to customize your drink.
Great food, quick service. The employees all seem very friendly and helpful. They will give you recommendations if needed. 
So far I've tried the Red Pepper and Lobster soup and the Yucatan Chipotle Chicken salad. Both were very good, so good in fact that I went back the next day for another salad. It was way too hot out for soup. I don't think the salad needs any additional add ons... but I really liked the cheesy bread add on for the soup. Although next time I have it I wont let it sit in the soup so long... it tasted better before it got soggy. 
 
My only complaint is they have these little signs on the tables politely asking people to eat and go. I feel like it's a little rude. I don't like feeling rushed out the door.
If I could give it a negative rating I would. The only good thing I have to say was it was cheap and you get what you pay for, be forewarned. 

So I went with the soup and salad combo. Got the Lobster Bisque, I was excited because I love Lobster Bisque, this is NOT Lobster Bisque, it should be called creamy vegetable soup, no seafood flavor and not a hint of Lobster. I really thought that Bon Chef Cafe had the worst Lobster Bisque I ever had, but Cafe Zupas topped them. I suggest the owners go try Ventano's Lobster Bisque, so they know what real Lobster Bisque tastes like.

The salad I picked was Chopped chicken salad. If there was an ounce of meat in this I would be surprised, also got it with Blue Cheese dressing, again if there was an ounce of dressing on it I would be surprised, flavorless salad and vegetable soup is not what I ordered, but it is what I received.  

Finally with this fabulous meal, we received Bread and what they call Chocolate dipped Strawberries. The bread is like a thick slice of Wonder Bread. The Chocolate dipped strawberries are dipped on one side, but once you try it you are glad they didn't cover the whole strawberry in that cheap waxy chocolate.
Have been there twice already.  Food great.  Prices great.  My faves...tomato basil soup and Asian mango salad.  Staff friendly and courteous.
My first visit here, I came for lunch with friends and it was packed.  This place kind of reminded me of Panera Bread, but with more choices and a little bit cheaper.  They only took half my order because you order soup/ salad first then down the line you can order soup.  They got my sandwich order, but completely overlooked me and went to the person behind me,  I did manage to squeeze in my soup order (I was going for the pick 2). 

My other friend was successful in placing both his orders, but his sandwich never came down to the cashier. Then they said they will bring it out to him and it took almost 15 minutes even when he went back to ask them what happen to his sandwich.

When it came to finding a table, the empty ones were dirty with no one in sight to clean or wipe off the table.  I had to go to the cashier to ask them to send someone or give me a towel to wipe it off.  

I did enjoy my turkey spinach artichoke panini sandwich though.
I'd basically summarize Cafe Zupas as a Panera Bread with more quantity over quality.  And worse service. Maybe that will improve after they've been open for a while, but not this time.

When ordering soups, they totally skipped from my girlfriend's fiend to me, and passed up my girlfriend. Then they forgot to make my sandwich, said they'd bring it out to the table, and forgot to make it again. So I ended up eating my sandwich once everyone else was done with theirs.

Also, it seems like employee resources are poorly managed. They have someone posted at the entryway giving you a menu and marking recommendations, but then other people come in and you lose your place in line. Instead they should worry about all the dirty tables and chairs, there was no where clean to sit. 

The food was fine, nothing special. Certainly a plethora of options, and my California Turkey sandwich was sizable and full of veggies. The tomato soup was mediocre and a bit salty.  All the meals came with bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. It's for sure a good amount of food for the money, so they have that going for them.

Overall seems like a decent place to get a quick and filling bite to eat, but I won't be coming back until the fad has calmed down because it's really not worth the hassle that the service creates.
I loved it!!!! Not expensive, fresh and fast. Wish it was close to my work so I could go all the time...
Food tastes good staff was nice i'll be back.
I went for a noon lunch with my friends and it is definitely the busy hour. They greeted me at the door and I was a little overwhelmed when upon entering, it was incredibly noisy and chaotic!
But as you're in line, there's posters and menus for you to know how and what to order.
I had the MangoBerry salad and an Italian Sub combo. I am always a skeptic with fruit in my salad but my taste buds were taken for an incredible ride! I don't think I'll have my salads any other way from now on!
And the chocolate covered strawberry with every meal is such a tender touch and I thought of it as a secret gift your crush gives you to make your meal a little sweeter! Is that crazy?
Well, you gotta hit this place up! It's sublime!
Zupas is like a really intense Panera. The employees are intense, the flavors are more intense, and my like for it is a lot more intense than that of Panera. I will be back again and again!

There are so many options and for $8, you can get a whole sandwich and a half salad or half soup. There is nothing half about the latter--they are huge. You get more than enough food for $8. I got the ultimate grilled cheese with some chipotle salad, and to end the meal a pistachio "creme brulee." Every bite was excellente of every thing. 

The creme brulee is less of a creme brulee and more of a pudding. Didn't stop me though...I still nearly licked the bowl clean.

Can't wait to go back and check out more offerings and potentially bring in a laptop for a late afternoon work session? I Lovez Zupaz.
I love this place!  Came here for lunch. I heard that there's usually a long line and wait. I guess I got lucky. It was busy though but not to bad. I decided to get the Asian BBQ pork sandwich with Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster. So when you get up to the counter the worker will make either your sandwich or salad then you move down for the soup next is the dessert  then last well be where you get a drink and pay. You take your food, find a seat and eat up. I got a drink with my order and the total came to a little over $10. The food portion was very generous. My sandwich had a lot of pork and veggies. My soup was in a big bowl. It also comes with a chocolate covered strawberry. The staff was very nice and friendly, store was very clean. well definitely be back to try other things!
Mmmm....Cafe Zupas. Great place to eat. Great sandwiches, great salads and great soup (Lobster Bisque is my fav)...and great deserts to boot. Staff is very friendly and the place looks great.  They do  have wi-fi so I considered studying there like I do at Panera, but they kinda have a time limit set on how long you can stay while you eat (not sure if that's a good thing) so i don't know if it would be an ideal place to study (i'll find out soon)
Otherwise, this place gets two thumbs up from this guy!
This is now my favorite sandwhich place!!!! So many choices with fresh ingredients. 

Here's how it works: be prepared to wait in line if you come during peak eating times. It's $7.99 for your choice of two items (sandwhich, soup or salad). Its kind of like a subway line where you can see everything made in front of you. You order your sandwhich or salad with the first person in the line. And you just move down the line. And you order your soup from the people standing in front of the soups. There are add ins to the soup like bacon, cheese or croutons for an additional charge. By the time you get to the cashier, your entire order is ready. They also have syrups to add flavor to your drinks. 

My absolute favorites are the BBQ pulled pork sandwhich with clam chowder. The sandwhiches are huge and packed with flavor. And the clam chowder is thick and chunky. The blueberry maple salad was a refreshing alternative to clam chowder on a hot day. The dressing they used was light and added to the fresh blueberries and maple chunks in the salad. 

I look forward to trying everything on the menu!!!
The lobster bisque and my chocolate strawberry was the only favorite part of my meal on my first visit here. The Thai sandwich was a nice attempt, with the fresh veggies, but instead of shredded  meat it was more like a mushy texture from being over cooked or too much marinate.. and the meat was non existent.  There was a nice thick slice of bread though. Which is too bad for me since Im carb conscious and try to limit my carb intake,  

The salad was okay. The server who made my salad put way too much won ton crunchies in it. Wish he piled more fruit.  The salad as a whole was cold and crisp and that's what counts. I don't know everything was just okay.  Tasted more generic like every other chain restaurants I visited lately.  The big appeal here is the prices. It's really reasonable.  I got away paying under $10 for 1/2 sandwich, salad, drink and a strawberry. Not bad.  I'll be back cause there are other salad creations that sound good that I want to try.
I waited a few weeks after the grand opening to have my first try of this Nevada location. I remember when the first one opened in UT when I was in college.

The service is unreal at this location, everyone is all smiles and so friendly. It makes for a great experience. The food is always delicious and there are so many more choices than I remember.

So glad they came to Vegas!
I wanted to give this place a shot because a location is opening up right near me at Buffalo and Lake Mead.  The Eastern Avenue Zupas is down the street from one of my gyms so it was easy to plan a post-workout dinner there with a few good friends.  We arrived on Tuesday night at 7:00pm and the place was busy but not packed as I've heard it can be at lunch time, i.e., there were tables available.  This place gets so crowded at times that there are signs on the table advising you not to save seats--that's a new one for me.  There is an extensive menu of sandwiches, salads, and soups, as well as some great-looking desserts.  Customers get in line and order before sitting down at booths or tables.  I already knew I wanted to try the lobster bisque, so I got the Try 2 Combo, which is only $7.99.  I paired the soup with the turkey cranberry sandwich.  You get a dinner roll and a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal, too--not bad for the price at all.  I really liked the bisque--not too salty, and my sandwich was also tasty.  I probably enjoyed the strawberry the most, and I got to eat two, benefiting from the b/f's allergy to fruit--more for me, sweetie.  I will definitely be back --now I'm really looking forward to the one in my 'hood to open.
5 stars tot the staff and how quickly they operate givens that they were slammed. This is a fairly fresh option for people who are looking for a quick bite. I had a make your own salad and soup, my friend has the turkey panini and soup. My salad was good they make sure to keep the toppings you add to a minimum and some items looked like they might have been treated with chemicals so they don't spoil as fast. The tortilla soup was ok. I had very few veggies or chicken, it was 90% tortilla strips. The sandwich was dry but decent, but we didn't care for the jambalaya. I thought the complimentary chocolate dipped strawberry was a nice touch. If you're on-the-go this is a good option.
So the Asian Persuasion  Family of yelp decided to have a family dinner here. I thought to myself, this is awesome, I have heard so much about this place and finally I get to try it out!

This place is located near Silverado Ranch and Eastern, more towards on Richmar and Eastern to be exact, right next to Republic Kitchen. Easy to find you can't miss it.

The place is very clean, your greeted by a friendly staff at the door. The menu is very plain and simple, easy to read, and most important, they have pretty reasonable prices, I highly recommend the Combo which gives you a full size sandwich with a choice of 1/2 soup or 1/2 salad all for $7.99, where can you go wrong there right?

I ordered the Thai Mango Chicken salad with the California Turkey Sandwich.
The Thai Mango salad was very delicious and loved everything in the salad. The Thai Mango Chicken Salad had, chicken , lettuce, fried wonton noodles of some sort, mango and some type of vinigerette Thai sauce, that I can't explain.

As for my California Turkey sandwich , that included, the turkey with light mayo and cheese, avocado, cucumbers served on cibatta  bread ( sorry for the typo too lazy to look it up hehe).
 The combo also included French bread and chocolate covered strawberries to complete the meal.

Overall I reall enjoyed my dining experience at Cafe Zupas, I would love to go back and try all their other sandwiches and try a soup. And most important the food is great and its freaking cheap!
Fast forward one week later: My AP Yelp family wanted to get together here after our post workout.  It's a good thing you can mix your combo. I passed up sandwiches  and got a soup/salad combo.  On this visit my combo choice was their Vermont Blueberry salad and Cauliflower Bisque. The Vermont Blueberry salad was so good, that I did a ninja check in today and repeated that same order....and bought a bunch of strawberries on top of my free strawberry. Okay now Im a bigger fan of Cafe Zupas. Especially for their Blueberry salad.
Had to try this hot lunch spot in the cursed revolving door location on Eastern. At first glance, the long line out the door could deter anyone who has only an hour to spare for lunch. But the good part is the line moves very fast as they have the system down. It could seem a little chaotic ordering but let them direct you and use your time in line wisely to select your items. Fresh, made to order food on demand...I'm a fan!
I recommend the pick 2 combo for $7.99. We ordered the lobster bisque served with asiago cheese croutons, Asian BBQ pulled pork sandwich, Nuts about Berries salad and Tomato basil soup with orzo. 
The lobster bisque was chunky with vegetables and surprisingly good but no lobster meat in sight. The pulled pork sandwich was delicious. Crispy vegetables with sweet pulled pork on a soft bun. I would definitely get it again. The berries salad was fresh and lettuce was not wilted, yay. The tomato basil soup was sweet, creamy with a hint of spice that reminded me of curry.
I would have given 4 stars but I got a little sick after eating here. Not sure if it was the food or iced tea. In any event, I like the concept and the extensive menu selections. Will be back!
First off all you pushed through the line very quickly while they yell questions at you and continue to push you through the line.  Soup had cold and hot spots in it.  The sandwich was just ok, had better, the chocolate covered strawberry tasted like dirt, and the plain chunk of bread they give you for the soup was a waste, should of been a bread of flavor like Sourdough or Baguette.  Very disappointed.

Oh the ignoring signs they have on the tables that take about 90% of the table about not going to save a seat need to go.
I finally decided to go check out Zupas and  I was pleasantly surprised. At the advise of a lady in line behind me I tried the Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster soup.  I can truly say its one of the best soups I ever tasted. I'm from long beach and they don't have Zupas there soooo maybe I will pick up some and take it home with me...
This place is like Panera Bread Company, but a little better to be honest....even tho there have been about 5 restaurants in last 5 years in this location, I hope this one lasts!!!
   Go for the combo, it's a TON of food! Whole sandwich and 1/2 a salad- which is huge for a "small" bowl of soup which is plenty! Plus a chocolate covered strawberry for dessert. I had the Turkey, artichoke, pepper sandwich-- was delish! And tried the salad of the month with pomegranate seeds, blackberries, mangos and a yogurt dressing. It was summer in my mouth! I am VERY pleased with this place, cant wait to try some of the soups. Great new restaurant, good portions, decent prices!
Meh.. Not great and not horrible. The salads are decent portions, and all my friends that got the soup said they really liked it. The sandwiches were small, there are three sandwich shops now all in the same shopping center.  I personally think beach hut deli has better portion, and better tasting sandwiches. While this place is good, it doesn't stand out to me.
Simply amazing!  Fresh, tasty and healthy.....my three favorite things! Lunch was ordered for the whole office. I had the yummy Chicken Pesto sandwich. Everyone ordered something different and ALL were stating the same thing.... "Our new favorite place to order from"....... Thank you Cafe Zupa!
Great food, friendly service and a complete meal for a very reasonable price.
Im just more upset then anything......aside from this fact the food is ok....just kind of a glorified panera.....not very many vegetarian options (been a veg for over 15 years and would like something other than salad or a grilled cheese sandwich)...anyway..my boyfriend ate there yesterday and exactly one hour after eating he got a HORRIBLE headache and stomach ache and threw up several times...i called zupas and asked to speak to a manager...i let her know the situation and told her exactly what he ate...all she said was ok thank you ill check everything..never said im sorry, never said hope he feels better..nothing....i dont know...ive owned a restaurant before and if that happened i would apologize and at the very least wish the person well....just bugged me
Love, love, love this place! I CANNOT wait for the location in Summelin to open up! Everytime I visit i've tried something new. I always get the sandwich/salad combo! The salads are nice portions and they give you a whole sandwich, slice of bread and a choc covered strawberry. Service is quick and friendly. Salads always taste fresh and sanwiches are delicious! And for 7.99 the combo is sooo worth it! You can also mix in syrup flavors into your soda.  I can't get enough of this place!
Was really excited when a salad, sandwhich, soup shop opened near where I live. My roommate and I go there at least 2-3 times a week- they are fast and super friendly (maybe even too happy lol ) the price is really reasonable and in the combo you even get a whole sandwhich instead of the half you get at most places. The only complaint I have is that a couple of times we've gone there was no asiago croutons for my soup which was very disappointing since they are delicious!
Really enjoyed the soups. Hubby got the clam chowder and enjoyed it. I got the lobster bisque but I don't know if I would refer to it as a bisque but more of a chowder kinda of soup because of the carrots, celery, onion and fennel. We also got a side sandwich to go with the soup. It was the try 2 combo for $7.99.  You can choose between, soup, sandwich, or salad. Anyway I got the turkey bacon avocado and hubby got the honey bacon club.  Both were good but I felt the they were skimpy sandwiches. Overall  we will be returning.
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE!!!!!! yes, i must admit im a Panera Bread lover at heart, however I feel as if this place has slowly taken over my soul! 

They have the BEST service, the fastest service...and hello! you get bread and chocolate covered strawberries with your meal! talk about amazingness!

The food is devine! my favorite so far is the ultimate grilled cheese which has just the right amount of pesto and the chicken enchilada chili! mmmmmm!

LOVE LOVE LOVE!
I was not very impressed with this new locale. The selection of dishes, were impressive, but not the delivery with its ingredients. In other words, the pictures on the menu and description look much better than what you actually get served. 

First, the salads are served "soupy." Too much dressing is added to them. That is one thing, that needs to be controlled with this place. Second, the dressings are "salty." When you are in the kitchen, taste is one thing anyone learns in Food 101 course. Taste your salt, before delivering the food!! The same with the sauces added to the sandwiches. TOO SALTY!! If they worked with those two things, it would be a great improvement at this new restaurant and they would gain a client. I cannot go back when simple things as this are not controlled by a kitchen. I like my food done right, and this new restaurant needs to work on that before they can earn another star from me. 

If you go to Crepe Expectations, you will see what I mean. It's in the same complex and they got quality down here! Salt is under control, so is the service. This restaurant earned 4 stars from me and will have me as a future customer. The flavor, quantity and quality is all there, and so is the service. If you can satisfy everyone in your group with the food, you know you are doing something right! At Crepe Expectations is what I'm talking about...pay them a visit in the same complex!!
Love the wild mushroom soup!!! And the pistachio mousse desert!!!
Requires further inspection...

Cafe Zupas is a hot-spot for lunch. Salads, sandwiches, and soups are the stars of the show. The strangely unsettling amount of customer-service is somewhat of a put-off, but not so much I wouldn't go back. The interior is nice enough with a lot of seating, booths and tables. 

I'm not thoroughly impressed because for one the salad I ordered failed completely on pretty much every level except for that fact that is was HUGE and way too much of it for me to eat in one sitting, especially since I had ordered a salad/soup combo. Combos are the way to go though, soup/salad, salad/sandwich, sandwich/soup, etc. 

Salad: Yucatan Chipotle Chicken Salad - served with a few strips of dried-out chicken breasts, olives, way too many tortilla strips, guacamole (that was spilling over the side of the bowl), a few black beans, a few olives, and a "chipotle" sauce, which did not taste like chipotle and did not add any flavor at all to the salad. Overall this salad is a huge let-down. Try a different salad other than this one.

Lobster Bisque - Decent enough soup, decent enough portion. I finished the soup, mainly because I wasn't thrilled with the salad. They have saltine crackers AND the cute little clam crackers available by the drink station for your soups. I though this soup was all right for the fact its Lobster Bisque at a quick dining spot. Others have complained of it being overly-sweet or not having enough lobster... but c'mon, it's not like you're sitting in a fine-dining establishment on the Strip. For what it is, it's good. I'd order it again.

Price-point - About the same as Panera Bread, but you are getting a bit more bang for your buck here in my opinion. A two-item combo and a fountain soda cost me a little over 10 bucks. 

I think I'll try again, solely based off the fact they have a really extensive menu and so many pairing options I am sure I am bound to find something that I really like.
bengning looks good and but the food was avarage. I spent the night in the restroom so no more zupas for me.
Tried the Grilled Cheese, UMMMM O YA!!! With the Mushroom Soup And Pistachio Pudding/Mousse, The People there are so Nice and Upbeat, Only Sucky Thing was It was super busy in the parking lot & I  had to park almost across the street. I love the place so that was no Problem, it was just a 110 degrees outside, Just wish they had more parking for customers =)
First time stopping in here and it was a delight!  I was immediately greeted by the super friendly staff.  From placing my order to paying for my meal, they were all professional, courteous and smiling!  Great customer service!

Now ~ they have many many items to choose from.   Ultimately decided on the Turkey Cranberry Gourmet Sandwich and the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup.   This is part of the pick 2 for $7.99.   Nice!  I was used to the Panera pick 2 when it only comes with 1/2 sandwich but here it is the whole sandwich!  Fantastic! 

The Turkey Cranberry is served on a ciabatta bread roll with sprouts, cucumber, cheese, mixed greens and house made honey mustard.  This was a fabulous combination of ingredients that my taste buds sure did enjoy! The great thing about their ciabatta bread is it was soft and not flaky.  Sometimes that type of bread can be really tough to chew but they have theirs figured out.  

Now for the soup.  Some people might cringe at the fact of eating cauliflower. The Wisconsin Cauliflower soup was really great! It has a flavor and texture of potato cheese soup! I see more and more recipes using cauliflower instead of potatoes.  Cuts calories and healthier (I think or that's what I'm telling myself).  My opinion is the soup was great and give it a try!

BONUS BONUS BONUS~~~ Their sandwiches come with a chocolate covered strawberry! The strawberry was fresh and the chocolate had a great non-bitter flavor! 

I am thrilled about Cafe Zupas! A great place!
Thai Peanut Chicken Sandwich is great. Very fresh flavors and well balanced. Very reasonably priced. Restaurant is very clean and well kept. I recommend this spot for great sandwiches, soups and salads.
salad: 4.5 stars
sandwiches: 4 stars
soups: 3 stars

Their best feature is their salads.  the mangoberry was DELICIOUS.  all of the fresh fruit.. what more could you need on a summer day? especially under the las vegas sun.. a nice little add-on to this place is the chocolate covered strawberry you get with each order. yumm

Sandwiches worth noting: asian bbq and crab/avocado

soups: tried the gumbo and the bisque. both were decent but not the strong suit at this spot.
We heard about this place from a fellow yelp fan. From the time we walked in the door and were greeted with a friendly smile and offered to have recommendations made to us we were impressed! Also my wife loved that there are signs telling you step by step how to order. For $7.99 you get a great value I had the Italian club it was Great! And a bowl of New England Clam chowder which was awesome! All this for $7.99!!! Oh! Wait! I forgot to say you also get a piece of yummy bread to wipe the soup bowl clean and a chocolate covered strawberry for desert! My wife had the Wisconsin cauliflower cheddar soup and the Asian chicken sandwich I truly believed she was going to lick the bowl clean she enjoyed the soup that much lol . We walked out of there truly happy and full! We can't wait to go back and will tell all of our friends and family about this place!
I are here twice and I love it! First time I took out and I only waited about 15 minutes for my food. We got the combo of soup + sandwich. First time I got the crab avocado melt which was awesome and the clam chowder. We also got the Creme brûlée desert and it was good as well; kind of sweet. The second time I ate in and got their chicken pesto which was amazing! They also give you free chocolate covered strawberries :) oh and there is free wifi!
This was a solid, but not spectacular lunch.  We arrived shortly after opening at 11 on a weekday.  There were a couple of people already ahead of us in line.  It's a bit overwhelming, lots of soup, salads, and sandwiches to choose from.  You can sample the soups, which was cool.  My favorites were the gumbo and clam chowder, I'll order one of those next time we eat here.  For lunch, I had the bacon turkey and honey mustard sandwich with the BBQ chicken salad.  The sandwich was pretty average, I could have easily made it at home.  White bread with a bit of turkey and decent honey mustard smashed with a Panini press.  I was not impressed and won't order this again, don't know why I talked myself out of the pulled pork.

The salad was a good portion for the price, the chicken had no flavor, but the BBQ sauce was good.  I could have used more, also more onions.  No heat on this salad, I'll try to see if they have jalapenos or something next time.  Salads come with bread, which was no good, and a chocolate covered strawberry, which was fantastic.  It was a very good quality strawberry, juicy and deep red  color.  

The wife had the Wisconsin cauliflower soup with the red pepper Caesar salad.  I liked the salad, but it needed a little more dressing.  It was dry, but too much dressing would have drowned it.  The soup was very surprising, I am not a cauliflower person so I was not expecting to like it.  But, it's basically a cheese soup.  Yet another example that soups and stews are great places to hide veggies.  It was thick and hearty, a definite repeat.

Service was great, everyone was friendly, and even with all the options, the line moves along very quickly.  I think this location has found a place that will be here for several years.
Food is incredible. I loved their Nuts About Berries salad. I have a sweet tooth and it definitely hit the spot. Their veggie sandwich was delicious and their bread was soft and perfect. It was my first time but I will surely be going back.
Awesome food. So much better than normal fast food. Everything is so fresh and finally another restaurant that had mello yellow. Would definitely recommend and will be my new homegrown soup, salad and  sandwiches.
Wow my new favorite place. I have now been 3 in a week. First time was just a quick bite then back to The Wood Store (also a favorite)  second time my husband came home sick so I stopped by for a sandwich for me and soup for him. (Garden chowder/ and chicken pesto sand). And then my husband loved the soup so much we he wanted it again so back I went with him for lunch. Wow the creme brûlée was awesome.   So worth it it is my new favorite spot. All the staff were friendly and very helpful. I do have to say the soup and salad is better when you stay and eat you get a bit more.
It is always hard finding a healthy place to eat that is quick and delicious. Cafe Zupas fills that quota.

Their price is very reasonable and cheaper than other places like panera or corner bakery.  They have a good price on a combo deal for $7.99

I usually pick a sandwich and half soup.  My favorite soup there is Roasted Red Pepper and Lobster soup and my favorite sandwich is the turkey bacon avocado.

The place is setup like a cafeteria style where you order in line and your food will be given to you at the cash register once it is done and you go find a table to sit down on.

When the place is busy a worker will help you find a table and they also clean up your mess for you when you are done eating.

Try stopping by and giving this place a chance
Seems I've stumbled upon another salad, soup & sandwich location with wifi. These places will always have a special meaning to me. Ok on with the review,  ( that's 2 thumbs up for the none iphone users). The vibe of this place gives me a relaxed & above average cafe style eatery. They gave a great selection of salads, soups & sandwiches all conveniently laid out in description which helps. There's a $7.99 special which you pick 2 out the 3( soup, salad or sandwich) which isn't bad. 

I had the $7.99 special, a turkey & avocado sandwich, a chicken caesar salad  and greedy me had to have the Lobster & red pepper soup. For some reason I can never pass up on lobster soups, this one was delicious, and yes I plan on returning to have this soup again. They also had gumbo on the soup menu which made the "soup choosing" selection hard but lobster wins every time. Something about this place I like, maybe the cleanliness, the brightness or could be the free wifi sign on the door. Whatever it is I plan on returning.. That's for certain. 

PS: and you get chocolate strawberries with your meal.. #sweet
Quick review: Have eaten there twice, first experience was stellar, second experience was flawed and they forgot to add chicken on my chicken salad (to go order). 

In depth review: great concept. Fast and somewhat healthy options and very reasonably priced. This is the first restaurant to go into that location that is actually busy so they must be doing something right. Some fine and tasty salads, soups and sandwich options. They give you a chocolate covered strawberry and thats' a neat lil touch. 

Complaints - 
1) Forgot my chicken on my chicken salad when it was crunch time on a busy Friday night. Doh! 
2) Lack of healthy soup options. All the soup options that I have sampled are damn tasty but they are loaded with sodium and in a heavy cream sauce. Would like to see some chicken broth  stock options w/ less sodium. 
3) Parking is difficult know that the property owners have jammed 4 busy restaurants in that corner. 

Overall - I think this place will do just fine. Great concept with fresh, fast, reasonably priced and somewhat healthy food. Reminds me of that other Utah based chain across the street, Cafe Rio. Utah chains are solid.
We ate there on Friday around noon. Our first experience is mixed. Our choices included the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup and the lobster bisque. In addition I had the Thai mango chicken salad. Both soups had great flavors; however, they were served lukewarm, at best. I do wish they would share their nutritional values for their food items.
Ok this place needs some tweaking but its alright by me. First off if you do not know this place look online or grab a menu before you get in line. They are practically pushy to keep that line moving and under pressure you'll quite possibly forget something or order something nasty to try out...
 I think the way to is the soup and salad combo. For 7.99 you are full or you can share if you had breakfast or want dinner later... depending on your plans.
 We got lobster bisque and tomato risotto, a few turkey sandwiches etc. Both were good, not excellent. I noticed most of the soups are creamy, milky and heavy. There needs to be a tortellini broth or something healthier as a choice too. The sandwiches have cheap deli meat. Everyone liked their food but no one loved it enough to rave about it. A step above Jimmy Johns but I'd still rather go to Panera.
 The cons are the atmosphere is awful , and the parking is tough in that corner. It is very loud like a school lunchroom.  :( And they have these signs all over the place stating "please don't hold your table" ... as if! Give me a break if you are paying 25.00 for lunch I say sit your tushie down and relax. You are already getting your own food and drinks...
 So for me this is an _ If I am in the area and want soup and it's a slow hour I might go in and get some soup to go kind of place. But that's about it. No one wanted to go back in that line or that noise again. Not worth travelling for unless its really your bag.
I was so excited to try this place! I dragged my sisters and boyfriend here for lunch... Highly disappointed :( I love soup and was eager to try all the soups they had... I ordered the mushroom bisque after having samples of the lobster and cauliflower. Needless to say, I prefer Campbell's mushroom soup from the can. I got the pick 2 combo, turkey bacon avocado. Again, first bite I was disappointed. For some reason, the sandwich was sweet? I asked for regular yellow mustard, and when I opened my sandwich the bread looked like it was drizzled with honey. I literally took a few bites and called it quits. My boyfriend and sisters, also not impressed. Only thing my boyfriend liked was the sauce they used on his Italian club. I did enjoy the complimentary chocolate covered strawberry though. Definitely made the lunch better. Sadly, I will not be returning. I'll stick to canned soup and homemade sandwiches or Panera Bread.
Loved this place! Tried it out recently for the first time. The staff were all friendly and nice. It was pretty easy to order and had a casual ambience. 

This is comparable to Panera Bread. They have more choices and some could consider their soups, salads and sandwiches as a bit more high-end (items like lobster bisque and crab sandwiches!) They include French bread and chocolate covered strawberries with each order which is a mega +.
The roasted red pepper and lobster was amazing!! As long as you don't mind a bit of spice. Plus you get a little bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry. It doesn't get much better.
4.9 Stars

Location Overview:
This location is in a great strip mall on Eastern. It definitely has a the new business feeling to it. As soon as you walk in you can tell that everything is brand new and clean. Most definitely give them 5.0 Star for the over all view of this location. However, the concept is a little confusing. You pick either a soup and sandwich, soup and salad, or a sandwich and salad. When you are in line you kind of have to jump ahead of people depending on what meal you choose or you have to go to the end of the line again. 

Customer Service:
Customer service at this location is decent. After looking at the menu, you get in line and the first person asks if they can make you a salad or a sandwich. Once you have chosen your salad and/or sandwich you choose your soup if that is your other entree. They give you testers for the soup (great choices for meat eaters, vegetarians, and vegans). Once you have gotten your entree you get a big piece of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry (which is DELICIOUS) and an extra charger for your drink if you choose to get one. 

**********As my first time here I was excited to try this place because my parents have gone to this location several times and have experienced great service. I am not sure if the young man was confused but my boyfriend and I ordered the same thing and we actually wind up missing a sandwich. So we waited about 5 minutes and no one said anything. After we told a manager at the cash register about the other sandwich that we were missing she took care of it right away. 

Quantity/Quality:
The Honey Bacon Club sandwich is a good choice. It has a sweet taste from honey mustard. The bacon is crispy The turkey and ham slices are tender. I got the New England Clam Chowder. I added bacon bites to my soup and it most definitely is a great choice of soup. The quality of the food is definitely fresh and great. I would have to say that the quality of the food here is just as good as a 5 Star High End restaurant. The quantity of the food is more than enough. you get two entrees a big piece of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry as well as your drink. My father is around 185lbs and he gets full on this. 

Side Notes:
Great for a lunch/dinner date. Kids menu has a good quantity of food. Expect to leave full and satisfied.
We came here on opening day and it was packed. We came back a few months later and things were much more mellow. The food here is OK. The turkey on the TBA panini has the texture of packaged butterball turkey lunchmeat, not something that is "fresh and homemade" like they say. The salads here are above average but nothing special. The soups are what make this place desirable. The lobster bisque, even though I swear on opening day had large chunks of actual lobster, is sweet and tasty. The clam chowder is also very good. I love that they give you chocolate covered strawberries with every meal and their soda bar makes it worth a comeback visit. The prices here are also pretty good for what you get.
Stop reading Yelp reviews and just go to Zupa's. If you don't like it, well, you're wrong and you're a stupid face and I just don't like you.
The food is full of calories and completely empty. You'll down 1500 calories in a couple minutes and leave hungry. Plus, no nutritional guide on their website? ? For real? Even Burger King and Mcdonalds have nutritional guides! And by comparison, you should probably eat there. You'll be downing the same amount of calories from BK/McD's that you'll take in at Zupas; you might as well leave satisfied. (Not that I recommend eating BK or McD's on a regular basis.) I think this place tries to appear healthy, and they're definitely trying to present a product that is superior to fast food chains. A little more bourgeois for the types that refuse to eat at traditional fast food joints. However, the devil is in the details. I would say this place is dangerous for anyone trying to lose weight. And It appears that those who are looking for "healthier" fast food options, are Zupas secret demographic. (And young people, of course. Quite obviously! There's a smart phone charging station, Duh!) You'll leave this place filling light, completely unaware that you just consumed about the same amount of calories found in a Double Whopper. And then an hour later, you'll be eating again. No worries, Zupas asks "please don't hold your table" not that they really give you a choice. Large reverse vacuum pipes blow subzero air directly above most tables. Therefore, they'll definitely be a free table waiting for you to come back and consume more! 

If you're not a calorie counter, the food is decent enough, I guess. If you're hungry when you leave, however, I wouldn't say it's a very good value.
The team here is absolutely amazing. The customer service is unlike anywhere else and the prices are more than fair. In addition, the food tastes great- I truly have no complaints. Thank you so much :)
I tried to substitute tomatoes for onions and they charged me 59 cent!  They are nickel and dining me... must be struggling
Love Cafe Zupas! My sister got me hooked, their salads are so yummy! I always recommend we go there for our lunches with our office.
This was my first time here. We were greeted at the door and were told how their ordering works which I thought was really nice. I ordered a ultimate grilled cheese sandwich and a bowl of Wisconsin cauliflower soup. The sandwich was cold and lacked flavor. The soup could have been a bit warmer but was still delicious. As for the free strawberry, it didn't have much chocolate and had a mushy spot in it. I give 3 stars for the service, the cleanliness of the restaurant and the soup. I was also disappointed in the parking lot having so many spots that were 30 minutes or less. I may give it a second chance. I'm not sure
Great place for a quick lunch. Customer service is outstanding! I order the salad & sandwich combo ($8). The food is fresh & prepared quickly.
I have ordered Zupas on two separate occasions for our office luncheon.  They are always extremely friendly and helpful on the phone when ordering and the delivery girls are super friendly as well.  The food is inexpensive and good.  The Lobster Bisque is my favorite!
Well.....We were going to anther place in the area that we frequent!  I decided I wanted to check out the menu at Zupas!  The menu is a little overwhelming, along with the workers trying to talk to you ( shussssh please)  So anyway I got the Italian sandwich, as he made that he told me I can go and taste some of the soups!  OMG!  I thought I was a clam chowder gail!   NOPE  I'm an Italian German Sausage girl.  You also get a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal!    Only problem I had, the sandwich had too much bread on it.  So once I got home, I shaved a little off the top.....And I shaved a little off the bottom, and I was good to go!
I quickly became a regular here as soon as I discovered cafe Zupas. Every time I feel like to eat healthy and cheap, Zupas is my to go place. For $7.99, you will get to chose to have 2 of fallowing. (whole sandwich, half salad, half soup) You will also get one complimentary strawberry dipped in chocolate and one piece of bread with your meal. I usually order half soup and half salad if I want to eat light. And the complimentary bread is carb of my meal. Everything here is very fresh. My fav soups are roasted bell pepper, cauliflower and lobster bisque. Fav salads are Vermont maple blueberry and honey chipotle chicken. My fav sandwich is Asian BBQ pork. All sandwich and salad are made to order, and they only use fresh ingredients. Zupas also does catering for party!
Decided on the soup and sandwich combo for my meal. I ordered the BBQ Asian Sandwich and was told to order my soup down the line. I made my way around a woman ordering a salad and there were 2 other people waiting on soup. It seems that you just move around the same people in line because the system is either broken or the staff is just as confused as some patrons. The food was just ok, I prefer other delis over this place. I like the fact they let you sample soup before picking you selection and the staff is friendly, just not organized. They give you bread with your order and a partially dipped chocolate covered strawberry. Nice offer but not worth another visit.
I really loved the creamy cauliflower soup and the salads are great and fresh! Customer service was great as we'll! I'll definitely go back. The vegetarian options are plentiful!
For their niche I think they totally nailed it! Great clean tasting food, clean, bright atmosphere and friendly service! We decided to come here after our workout and left feeling awesome. They close early so be mindful, also they are closed on Sundays :/. Five stars from me!
Staff is always very friendly, food is reasonably priced. I've tried quite a few things on the menu. I haven't been a fan of everything, but the quality is consistent. I'm in love with the Nuts About Berries salad though. If I could get two of those in my combo, I would. (I can't. I've asked haha. Combos have to be soup/salad, sandwich/salad, soup/sandwich.) I also love that they give you a complimentary chocolate covered strawberry and piece of bread every time! But beware, the parking sucks.
Everything I've tried at Cafe Zupas has been great, but the Ultimate Grilled Cheese is a stand out. The pesto sauce they use on a few of their sandwiches is the best. As for soups: Cauliflower, White Bean, Mushroom, and Lobster Bisque are all amazing! Their product is always fresh. It's nice to have a go-to healthy option in the neighborhood, only downfall is it's closed on Sunday. The chocolate covered strawberry that they give to everyone is the perfect dessert.
This place would get 0 stars if the pulled pork sandwich wasnt spot on. salads were very mediocre. not sure why this place gets the reviews it gets but it is fast and has some unique features such as the charging station. food was blah. got the tomato soup mac n cheese couple diff salads and a carmel cookie. You can get better soup from the can and better salad at sweet tomatos. not for me
This place is really good.  It has a great selection of sandwiches, soups and salads.  You can get a combo for $7.99 and a kids combo for $3.99.  All combos come with a cocolate covered strawberry!  Yum!  They also have a good drink station where you can create your own drinks!  This place is nicely decorated and the staff is helpful and friendly!
Great place for fresh and healthy food.  Everyone in the line is very helpful and everything moves along quickly.  For a sandwich/salad/soup shop it is a bit on the pricier side but still worth it.
Love this place!!! The salads are made fresh in front of you, the soups are delicious, as are the sandwiches. I love the Italian syrups you can customize with soda water or tea. It's delicious!!!
Cafe Zupas.....I want to like you, but I think we are done.  My lunch today was far from stellar.  Here is a basic breakdown-

1. This place now has a "B" from the SNHD.  I almost turned around and left based on that.  How hard is it to keep it clean and store your food properly?

2. The ordering process is a lesson in inefficiency.  Too many hands in the cookie jar.  They had eight employees behind the line and I bet they can do better with four.  First you have to tell the salad person what you want.  Then you have to tell a sandwich person what you want, and then you have to tell the soup person what you want.  After all this, you now have to repeat the order to someone organizing it.  Finally, you have to repeat your order AGAIN to the person checking you out.  Seriously?  Who thought of this?  Why on earth can't you just order everything from the first person and then pay without having to repeat it all?  It's called a POS system, use it!

3. I have been here about a dozen times.  After the second visit, I quit ordering sandwiches altogether.  They are as hard as rocks, bland, and comprised of cold cuts I can buy at any grocery store.

4. The salads are large, even for a half size, and a good deal.  Nothing off the charts, but good.  I mean, it is a salad.

5. The soups are good as well, except on a few occasions.  My tomato soup today had an aftertaste of seafood.  This may be where the "B" from the food inspection comes into play.  They are likely not storing their soups properly, or mixing utensils.  Be very careful of this place if you have a seafood allergy.  There is no way they can verify that occasionally things get mixed up.  Especially when you have so many people prepping orders.

6. This place is very good for kids.

That's about it.  For me, there are just too many other places in Vegas to get soup, salads, and sandwiches.  Next time I am in this shopping area I will be trying Smash Burger or the wood fired pizza place.  I'm putting Cafe Zupas on the back burner for the foreseeable future.
I was seriously overwhelmed when I walked into this place. For some reason, I thought it was a sit down restaurant. Nope. It's like Panera meets Chipotle for soups, salads, and sandwiches.

A friend and I both got the combo thingy, full sandwich and 1/2 soup or salad. There were tons of options, so it's easy to find something everyone likes. I ended up with the HBC (honey bacon club) sandwich and summer chicken salad. The HBC was smaller than I thought but actually filling. It was a panini and came out super fast, warm, and was melty & cheesy. The salad was also yummy, refreshing, and a larger portion than I thought. It was hard finishing both items, but I got them down without feeling like I hated my life. 

I did notice there were tons of people behind the counter. Like, TONS. There was a person to hand my food to the other person to hand the food to the cashier. I have no idea if it's because the place is so new and everyone is in training, but I thought it was a bit overwhelming. There was a also a "touch screen & recharge" station in the restaurant for you to charge your electronic devices and such. Not sure if that fit in with the whole image of the restaurant, but I can see how it's functional for busy business people who want a quick lunch.

All in all, it was overwhelming but I'd go back. There were tons of choices, tons of people working, but tons of seating and the tables turned around quickly. Notably thought, there are only 2 bathroom stalls in the women's restroom. But $10 for a decent sized and tasty lunch isn't bad. I would definitely go back.
This place is outstanding!  I usually don't write reviews for chain restaurants and franchises, but this place was so good that I think people in Las Vegas should know about it.  At first, I thought this place would be like a Panera.  It serves the same types of food as Panera, but the quality is significantly superior.  

I've been here twice, and each time I got the Pick 2 option for $7.99.  This includes a full-size sandwich and a salad or soup.  I ordered the Vegetarian sandwich both times, and I had the vegetable soup on one occasion and the MangoBerry salad on the other.  All of these items were excellent.  the MangoBerry salad was the best salad I've had in a long time.  It's actually a very healthy salad, but I felt like I was eating candy.  The soup was also really good.  They also have a very extensive soda selection, and additional flavors of syrup that you can squirt into your soda to give it unique tastes.  The complementary chocolate covered strawberry is also a very nice touch.  

There's a very modern, clean feel to this restaurant.  They have a "recharge station" where you can plug in your laptop or cell phone.  It seems like the type of place where they wouldn't mind if you want to come and work on your laptop for a while.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because their employees are a little overly-friendly.  From the second you walk in to the place, there's a person holding the door open for you, and all too eager to tell you about what's on the menu and how to order.  Whoever owns this place would do well to tell the employees to back off just a little and give customers a chance to look up at their menu on their own and take it all in.

This is definitely a great place with nice atmosphere and good food at great prices.  I'll come here again.
Randomly stumbled into this place while driving along eastern looking for something to eat.  So i read the as "zapatos" at first which made me think it was a really odd name for a restaurant since "shoes" isn't something you'd associate with food... anyway moving on.   So the name got my attention at first, jumped on yelp and solid reviews.  F it... let's give it a shot.. wow... menu appears a tad overwhelming at first even though it's not overly complicated.  The combos are definitely worth your money, with 1/2 soup/salad with a sandwich for $7.99 or so.    Had the HBC and the asian peanut salad thing (forget what it's called, too lazy to look at their menu).. both were stellar and worth repeating.  They let you sample all the soup you want and so far I haven't been disappointed.  The lobster bisque and the tortilla soup were both excellent.  The girlfriend liked the few diff salads she's tried and the veg sandwich.  

The place is super quick with your food and travels pretty damn well for the to-go orders.  They always give a chocolate covered strawberry with your order which... eh.. isn't always the freshest... it's "free" with your order so not going to knock anything down for that.  Anyway... in short... good food... it's fast... def place worth repeating.
This review is only for dessert. I tried the salted caramel brulee and was not too thrilled. For 3.29 I basically got a small cup of custard with some caramel sauce on top. I didn't expect anything fancy but I did expect better quality and taste. The service lacked there are just children working there even the manager looked like a child. There was about 6 of them just standing around talking when we came in and didn't even greet us. And the signs on the tables about not saving your seat? Who comes up with this stuff? It makes me feel not welcome and its very uninviting.
Came back to Cafe Zupas and got a pretty good bowl of clam chowder. I've tried a lot of soups here and they are all delicious. I would say my favorites are the mushroom and lobster bisque. They also have a really good variety of salads which are also delicious. 

I really like this place but the reasons for my 3 star rating is because of the sandwiches and the conveyer belt style ordering system. It is a very mechanical system. This would work if there was better communication among the staff. Almost every time the last person I talk to is asking me what I ordered and has to scramble back down the line to find out. Also If you only do 3 things (soups, salad, sandwiches) then you should be able to pay more attention to detail. The sandwiches are sub par and not put together very well. I would recommend if you come here to stick to the soup and salad.
The food is very good.  When ever we travel to Vegas it is a must stop.  The BBC chicken salad is great.   Very reasonable prices.  Helpful staff. Lots of caffeine free choices of beverages.
The food is so fresh and so good! The enchilada soup and the cauliflower soup are very tasty. You can't go wrong with a restaurant that gives you a chocolate covered strawberry!
Nice little spot to grab a healthy lunch. I love the BBQ Chicken Salad and their Mushroom Soup is amazing!!!
No clue how this place gets more then 2 stars. 

Soups I have ordered nasty......................... pulled pork sandwich nasty!! 

Tried this place twice but both times disappointing

One more thing you have to order your food about 3 times before you pay ANNOYING!!
I really like this place. There are lots of options to choose from. They have a great try two combo which you can choose soup, salad or sandwich. Try the roasted red pepper lobster soup by far my fave. I will be returning in the near future!
This place is great if you are in a hurry to grab lunch like I was today. The staff is super friendly and they were quick to move people threw the line.

My small complaint is that I ordered a half chopped chicken salad and they didn't put the egg or bacon on it. :(. I also ordered the honey bacon club. That was made right and was super delicious!

It was combo and reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. I got the sandwich, a half salad (which is pretty big) and then they add in bread and a chocolate covered strawberry all for under $9!!!

I will be going back and would recommend it to others
Delicious food!  I love how fresh everything looks and tastes.  Service is quick, staff is friendly.  I like the fact I can taste the soup before buying and especially love the chocolate covered strawberry with the meal!  I will definitely come back!
On the positive side: Employees were friendly & the decor was contemporary & tasteful. 

Zupe has the vibe of a bustling cafeteria, which is fine if that's what you're in the mood for. They have soup, sandwiches and salads. I wanted something fresh and healthy so I ordered a chicken salad with berries & grapes and stuff. It sounded good but the reality of it was pretty pitiful. It had 3 strips of chicken on it, like 1 strawberry and a few grapes. Something tasted freezer burnt. It was so bland & sad. There's no pride in the preparation. Its made in an assembly line. Someone puts on 1-2 ingredients, then passes it to the next person who adds a couple ingredients. I'm sure its to expedite the process but what ends up happening is food is just thrown together. And as we all know... We eat with our eyes first. 

After a few bites, I had no interest in continuing with the salad. So I opted for the BBQ Pork Sandwich. It was fine. Edible but not great. 

Personally I'm not likely to go back. I'll get my soup/ salad fix at Sweet Tomatoes.
Five-stars for five reasons:

1. Service is amazing. Someone is always at the front door to greet you, lead you in, and ask if you need any of their recommendations. When it's your first time here, it really helps eliminate confusion and makes you feel less rushed to pick all of the great choices they have on their menu. You go down a line of people, each at their food stations and ready to prepare your meal! They've got quite a system lined up, and it totally works. You'll see what I mean. With that said...

2. Salads, sandwiches, and soups galore! I get the Try 2 Combo for $7.99 any time I go. It's gives you so much freedom of choice and is a dirt cheap deal for what you are getting. You can get soup and salad, or salad and a sandwich... You get it. The big plus? IT IS ALL HEALTHY. You also receive a slice of French bread and a chocolate-covered strawberry with the meal to top it all off.

***My recommendation is the Mango Berry Salad and the Pesto Chicken Panini. I am obsessed with both.

3. There is tons of seating. Booths line the windows and there are tables spaced out on the open floor. There is even a "charge" bar for your phones and laptops with little mini touch screens in front of you to play with. They have free wifi, although I haven't gone there for business- always for pleasure in the yummy food! Then again, I find it great  that customers are provided that option.

4. This is definitely a place for socialization for me, and is also family-oriented. I mentioned booths lining the windows because at each corner there are these huge booths that could probably seat 6-8 people at least! I like that fact for some odd reason. Maybe it's because any time I've been here, I am either catching up with friends, planning events to do later in the week, or sitting down with my other half and discussing how my day was. That's the kind of eating environment Zupas gives me- one where I can really sit down and ENJOY my meal.

5. I have never been disappointed, and sometimes that is hard to come by. I leave happy and full and.. plain old satisfied. ALSO, hard to come by. I am so glad its locations is so close to home for me. It has some competition for sure, considering the high volume of other restaurants located along Eastern Ave. But once you try it, you may think a little differently in that sense, and become a regular like me! 

P.S. Don't panic when you find there are no trash cans to discard your waste or areas to place your bowls, plates and utensils! I think they do this on purpose. It's their way of saying.. "Don't worry about it, I've got it and I'll take care of it. Have a nice day!" :)
I am not a fan of the food at all. The salad was drenched in dressing. Not healthy and not delicious. There was no attention to how the salad was made. It was just thrown together. Go to soup plantation or sweet tomato if that's what you want. You will spend a lot less and have a better salad. For what you get, the food wasn't cheap. 

Also they will ask If you want something but they won't tell you it's an extra fee. I caught them doing that to everyone in my room and when I pointed out the fees before we paid no one caught on. So beware!

Overall I would not go back. I was unimpressed by the salad because the flavors were off and nothing seemed fresh. Most of the food seems prepackaged or filled with preservatives. 

I can't presume that the food here is unhealthy but in no way would I consider it a place where I would go if I were being health conscious. It really seems full of preservatives and not very fresh.  Salad places should be full of raw food options that are fresh and unique in flavor. 

My opinion... Go to presto instead. Make the drive to rainbow and tropicana! P.S. I'm not affiliated with Presto I was just super impressed by the food! 

Sadly very disappointed in this place.
Really enjoyed this place!! This was my first time going and I will go again. This is not a sit down restaurant like some people think. You have to wait in line for your food and seat yourself. This didn't bother me at all, for me it works because I have small children. It's noisy so if my kids scream, like they always do.. no one will mind.

We ordered the crab and avocado  sandwich and it was so good! Lots of crab and avocado, while I'm not crazy about warm avocado it was fine. Mango berry salad was the thing I was most excited about trying and it was just okay. I thought I ordered a large but I guess they gave me a half and forgot to put any almonds on it. Hardly no dressing but from what I could taste the dressing was good. Next time I'm skipping this. The best thing we had was the Lobster Bisque. It was a huge portion for $6! It had actual lobster pieces in it and other vegetables and a great flavor. 

I would come back to try other things. It's very cheap and for the quality of the food it's great!
I had been meaning to try out Cafe Zupas but never had the chance to but last night, I was lucky enough to come here with my family for dinner. 

They have a menu filled with sandwiches, salads, and soups. The best part about them? $7.99 combos. You get your choice of two items -- full sandwich, half salad, half soup. So we all went for a combo. 

I personally got the Honey Bacon Club panini, which had turkey, ham, smoked bacon, tomatoes, muenster cheese, and house-made honey mustard spread. Now, I've never been a huge salad person but they had so many different types of fruity salads. I just had to go for half of their Summer Chicken salad, which had chicken, fresh strawberries, cashews, dried cranberries, & grapes on a bed of mixed greens with house-made fresh strawberry vinaigrette dressing. Along with your full orders, you get bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. 

Their sandwich? Not really all that memorable. It was quite thin. Don't get me wrong ... it was good but it wasn't great. I could've honestly just passed it up because their salad just out shined it by a few thousand miles.

I love strawberries so at the first bite of this summer chicken salad, I was in heaven. Why? Their strawberry vinaigrette dressing is to DIE FOR. It's amazing ..and the cashews add a nice touch of flavor into it as well. My goodness. I don't think I've had such an amazing salad elsewhere before. 

I think I just found my favorite place. This place would be PERFECT for summer. I'm just craving their salads right now and will be coming back soon! VERY SOON! I can't wait to try all of their fruity salads!!
OMG YES. So delicious.  Great service.  I am actually going here today for lunch.  I wish they were opened on Sundays, but I get it...every biz deserves a day off.  I ordered the lobster bisque, grilled bbq chicken salad....everytime....well today I will try something different, since I am no longer eating meat...my favorite is the soda bar :)
It's okay. It's quick and easy while I'm on my lunch from school. The salad dressings are really bland and they charge little hidden fees for toppings in the soup even though the soup is advertised that way then they don't ask if you want the toppings and just put them on so you kinda have no choice. They also never ask me what size I want my items and give me the large which sucks because I can't eat all that.
The only complaint I have about this place is that it is closed on Sundays. Quick, easy, fresh, and tasty. Love the ambiance, friendly staff, and just a great concept. Give it a shot, you won't be sorry.
I don't care for the deli meats but the fresh desserts, soups and salads are delish. I don't like the loud ambiance so I get it Togo. Nice healthy lunch spot.
Delightful , fresh & healthy food! I had the Thai chicken mango salad with a small bowl of tomato basil soup. The salad had super fresh lettuce and the fruit was ripe and delicious. It had a little spicy heat as well (not much) but nice. The soup was good tasting but I wished the temperature was hotter. It was just warm. 

Hubby had the Vermont maple blueberry salad and it was even better than mine!

The menu is big! Can't wait to try everything. The servers are above and beyond nice. (Almost freakishly over nice) 

Closed Sundays! FYI
This place wasn't anything special. In my opinion there are better places to get better quality soups and salads.

I ordered the BBQ chicken salad which wasn't terrible but they mix the dressing in, and there was so much of it, the salad was almost completely white. I also got the tortilla soup in which I took only 2 bites because it was WAY too salty. The sodium level in it exceeded the canned stuff! My husband is a health nut and hated everything about this place. 

Most likely won't be back. With all the options of eateries in Henderson, I know I can find better.
Incredible selection of soup, salad and sandwiches. My second visit here and its been pleasant so far. When I arrived, there was someone greeting all the customers at the door asking if they needed help choosing from the menu. So with that being said, this restaurant was welcoming. I ordered the tasty honey bacon club which was delicious.  Every meal comes with a complimentary chocolate covered strawberry, but because I have a sweet tooth I decided to order more. A dollar per strawberry is a bit overpriced but it was indeed amazing.
It's the little things that make good places great, and Cafe Zupas does that well. The food is good, especially for the value. Went there for dinner and got the soup/sandwich combo. The small soup, bread and 1/2 of the sandwich filled me up, so I took the other 1/2 for tomorrow's lunch :)

The chicken tortilla soup was slightly salty, but the flavor was still pretty good. On the other hand, the crab avocado sandwich could have used a little more salt, but again, still pretty good.

The complimentary chocolate covered strawberries are a fantastic touch! Nice end to the meal. They also have a cool drink bar where you can create your own specialty beverages. There are a few suggestions listed on the cup.

All in all, they do a great job of distinguishing themselves from Panera (or other similar concepts). Cheerful staff, bright, clean interior. Definitely coming back again soon!
Love the wild mushroom soup here. One complaint I have is it is not HOT enough. To me it should be hot no matter what because of health regulation. 
free chocolate dipped strawberries.
I was pleasantly surprised the first time I went to cafe Zupas. The sandwiches that I was interested in were very good and the clam chowder was nice and thick. I would have definitely given it 4 stars. 

Not all good things last though. I recently went for the 3rd time and was very disappointed. First off they had decided to discontinue the sale of some of their very good sandwiches including the Thai peanut sandwich and Asian Pork sandwich. I particularly liked these sandwiches because they tasted great and they were unique. I had another sandwich which was just ok. In addition, the clam chowder was now very watery. I probably will not be back.

I do have to point out though that the customer service is always very good and they have other food choices but after their decisions about what they are excluding it just left a bad taste in my mouth (figuratively).
Walked in and was greeted at the door by q young lady who offered to make recommendations (which was good considering it was my first time here). She recommended for me to try the 2 choice combo. I ordered what she said what the most popular sandwich (pulled pork BBQ) and it was great, along side the nuts about berries salad an that was great as well. 
Service was great and everyone was giddy and smiley. One thing they should work on is the organization of the line in which you order because the further you go down the line, the staff losses order of who ordered what food. They give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your order and that's a great complimentary dessert. Environment is awesome and they play fun music. Very clean and they have a "rechargeable bar" for electronic devices. Overall GREAT JOB CAFE ZUPAS!! WILL BE BACK!
If you are looking for a sandwich there are better options even in the same complex. The salad was good and the chocolate strawberry at the end was a nice touch, but it couldn't overcome the prepackaged wet lunch meat sandwich. Had heard a ton of good things about it, but one visit was enough for me.
Invariably good here!! Fresh food, prepared as you watch, fast service . I am still in love with the lobster bisque ! Mango berry salad is amazing ! Fast, fresh , good prices!
Food is great for the style it is. But Nothing spectacular. Our kids love it, especially the tomato basil soup.  Only complaint is that you have to repeat your orders about 3 times to 3 different people before you pay. Very annoying. They should do something about that so you only order one time.
You will definitely have a solid 4 Stars if you train your employees NOT to go over board with the "precise portion controls" at the salad station.   Get smaller serving spoons and GIVE "HEAPING PORTIONS".   If you are so worried about a few tomato pieces or cucumbers cutting into your profits, you are worrying about the wrong thing!!  It's all about perception folks.  Food was great, but felt cheated.  Loosen up and let the consumer feel like they are getting a great value.
This is my second time here and the food is decent and great for quick service. Unfortunately, something about the food this time made my girlfriend and I have an upset stomach. I think it was the soups. Eek!
I love this cafe! It's got a little bit of everything good food good service good quality all around! I can't wait for their location to open up by sunset I hope it's just as good as the original!!!  I want their strawberry summer salad is bad right now! Fresh greens, strawberries, bright tasty vinegarette and just a little seed for crunch! Num num!
Great food! Many options to choose from for salads, sandwiches and soup. Even more if you mix 2 soups - the Wisconsin and Mushroom together are great! :-)
I go here just for the Wisconsin cheddar soup. Yum....purrrrrrr.   It's smooth and tasty and warms the belly.  Sandwiches are okay.  Nothing great (I'm not a fan of pressed meats). Salads are fresh.
Both sandwiches blew. Honestly. I want my $19 back. 
The honey bacon turkey, or whatever the hell I ordered, had "fake turkey"... really? It's not like I went to a place known for pasta and ordered a sandwich. It's a SANDWICH SHOP, and they skimp on the quality of their deli meats. *smdh*
The sandwich itself was way too greasy and the honey mustard was neon yellow in color. Terrifying. 
Hubs ordered the pork sandwich and it was dry (no bbq sauce?), there wasn't any sort of seasoning on the cabbage, the whole thing was just overwhelmed by the choice of thick ciabatta bread. 
Soup was okay, but not very hot. 
I did think the stale piece of bread and 2 rotted "chocolate covered" strawberries were an excellent touch. *side eye*
Great Place to Eat.  Loved the Sandwiches, the Soup and also the Salad.
I love this place! It's always quick service with a very friendly smile! The food is good. My favorite is the crab melt and lobster bisque!
My favorite Zupas by far!!
First time here I was impressed! The staff was everywhere to be found-- one person opened the door and greeted you right away, one person was there to help with suggestions or questions about the food, people going down the "assembly line" when ordering and a few more at the register! 

They have a good list of soups, salads and sandwiches to choose from -- and if you want you can do a combo, you choose two for $7.99! 

I'm not a salad fan at all .. but I LOVE CAFE ZUPAS salads! I can seriously eat it all day! The few salads I've had are the : Nuts about Berries and the MangoBerry! 
Yes! I love the sweeter salads! The nuts, berries/fruits and dressing mix so well with each other, it's the perfect pair with a more savory sandwich or soup! In my case I like their Clam Chowder! Creamy with just the right amount of clams, chunks of potatoes and topped with bacon!

I've had a couple bites of their sandwiches and they're ok. Good but nothing that stands out!

Their dishes come with bread and a chocolate covered strawberry! 
They have a whole display of desserts (cakes, brownies, cookies and creme brûlées) I have yet to try out!

Very affordable, healthy, and great for lunch dates!
Although I dislike spending more than $10 for lunch, I had to give it to Cafe Zupas- this was WELL worth the $11 price tag!! Apparently, I just missed the lunchtime rush, because when I arrived, it was nearly empty, but there was a pretty long line when I walked out of the door. 

The restaurant is extremely clean and bright, which is always a plus. They have a wide variety of soups, salads and sandwiches. The soups are pre-made, but you can get a variety of add-ons, such as bacon bits, croutons, etc. The sandwiches are made to order, and they fix the salads right in front of you.

I decided to get the "pick 2 combo" with the lobster bisque and the crab and avocado melt sandwich. With a drink,  I was at an $11 lunch. I was mentally grumbling under my breath until I saw the size of the bowl of soup, the hunk of bread for dipping, the beautiful sandwich, and the chocolate covered strawberry for dessert! WOW!

When I took my first sip of the soup... I thought I'd gone to heaven! I seriously could have taken a bath in that lobster bisque! Rich, creamy, full of flavor and lobster. Just that alone would have been worth close to $10. The sandwich was just as good, full of crab, tomato, avocado and bacon strips. I especially appreciated that the bread, while warm and toasty, was not hard and crunchy (I have a fundamental opposition to crunchy, hard bread). I had to exercise some restraint and ask for a box so I could have the other half for dinner. 

The employees of the restaurant were all very nice and friendly and they will bus your table for you. I don't get out to Hender-tucky very often, but Zupas will be on my return list for lunch!
Two words "Lobster Bisque". Oh its heavenly good. The salads as fresh as it gets. This is one of my new favorites. Too bad there isn't one close to work for me. I would probably be there two or three times a week easily.
The food is good at a reasonable price and you are normally at your table eating within a few minutes of walking in. Greater variety and much better food  for a similar price that you would pay for greasy burger and fries at any of the take out joints.
This place was awesome! The pick two option is great for around $8.50. Come with salad sandwich or soup. I got salad and a turkey artichoke pesto panini which was AMAZING. 

Definitley would come back. Bigger portions than panera bread. Super fast service and everyone was very friendly.
This place is wonderful...can't wait to bring my mom here. 
It has great healthy choices and wonderful desserts if your not being so good
This place rocks.  I love it here.  If you like soup this is for you. 

I love the wild mushroom soup it's the best I have ever had.  

How I order the combo with Italian and wild mushroom soup (but I ask for a large bowl). 

All the good is great the chocolate covered strawberry is a nice touch. 

Only one complaint I have been to two locations now and it seems like the ordering part is still working out the kinks.
I really enjoy this place and have frequented it since they first opened here in Henderson. Service is always nice, but I'm not a huge fan of the line system. You usually have to repeat your order 2-3 times before you're done paying, which is not a big deal but can get a little bothersome when you've ordered several things or when it's very busy (mix-ups and misses can happen easily).

The main reason my review is less than five stars is because they don't offer nutrition information. I've asked at the restaurant and have also tried to find it on their online website. Given the amount of locations this restaurant has, I feel that I should be able to easily find this information, but unfortunately cannot.

Although prices have gone up slightly since this location first opened, I think the food here is still a good value for what you pay, especially if you order the combo. My favorite picks are the honey bacon club and enchilada soup (+ tortilla strips). They also have a bunch of flavored syrups for your drink, which is a nice plus if you like that sort of thing. Also, I love that a chocolate strawberry is added to every order! Great place for a simple and satisfying lunch.
Yum, yum, yum!! I love this place!! Their prices are great, the food is amazing and their staff is the friendliest in town!
We were greeted at the door and he gave us suggestions on the menu and his favorites. The employees were really happy and cheery and I loved the free sample on soup so I didn't have to hope I got a good one. The deal they have for 8.95 was wonderful. I got the mango berry salad=awesome! And the red pepper lobster soup. Everything tasted great and was really cheap. Go there!
The people that own this place are some of the nicest people I've met in this town. The food was incredible too; especially the spring rolls.
This place is brand new with a nice comfortable atmosphere and I was told they are still working on the menu and it will be shortened because it's way too long. 

My first choice was discontinued from the menu so I went with what they call Com Ga Nuong. It was described as marinated grilled chicken with Ginger, Lemongrass, Shallots, and Garlic. It sounds really good. I've had this similar dish at a few other Vietnamese Places so I was expecting a different presentation. But the number one thing that bothered me about the dish was the lack of the flavors mentioned in the description. This dish at Pho Viet only was garnished with 2 pieces of cucumber and two tomato slices and it did come with a large portion of rice and a very mild fish sauce with very finely shredded carrots in the fish sauce. 

I also did sample the beef and meatball Pho. To me it was less flavorful than others I've tried but not awful and just OK.

Both meals were hot and fresh served in a timely manner. 

If you are in the area you should put them on your rotation and see what you think.

The owners are very welcoming to criticism as I did mention the lack of flavor to them in the chicken dish. 

2.5 rounded up for welcoming criticism.
My first 5 star review!

This place has the best pho I've ever had. Not best in AZ, best ever!  along with Really big vietnamese portions. totally legit if you ask me 

the staff is fast and efficient which is  what i look for in a restaurant  we ordered spring rolls and everyone got pho. however the vietnamese iced coffee was something newer that was introduces to me here it too was delicious. this was our first time  at (Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant) because it's a newer family establishment that just opened last week but i have a feeling the owners and staff-will be seeing me as a regular just for pho. did i also mention its authentic and cheap in price! which calls for perfect lunch with friends and family  on any given day.

the best part of my experience is the owners checked to see how everything was which never really happens in most family restaurants that ive been to...

keep up the great service !!!!!
Great service. The egg rolls were good except they only gave us one piece of lettuce for two egg rolls. I got the pho tai which would've been much better if the soup wasn't so salty. I also ordered a strawberry Boba but the Boba wasn't thoroughly cooked which is disappointing. I'm hoping they will improve because this place is close to my house and I'd love to become a regular.
Let me start of by saying that my "last meal" if i was ever on death row would be Pho. I love the stuff. Now that i said that, I had the best bowl of Pho i have ever had in the united states here. Period. I had the bowl with everything in it, I believe it is the first option under the Pho menu there. Everything about the bowl was perfect. The broth, noodles, the exact perfect ratio of the flank, tripe etc. The staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming which is something i havent experienced a lot in places like this. I had at least 5 or 6 people walk up to me making sure i was taken care of. Absolutely everyone working there were all smiles. Now if that werent enough the prices are incredible. My bowl was HEARTY. I can put down some Pho, and the portion had me completely stuffed. And it was like 8 bucks. Incredible bang for your buck. 

I would recommend this place to anybody and everybody. Absolutely go out of your way to come here. I not only intend to be back, but i can see myself very easily being a regular here. Incredible food, incredible price, incredible staff. And they serve beer. 

10/10
The Thai Tea is amazing as well as the Tara Bobba..this place has only been open since 5/16/13 and I feel like it has been open for longer Peter & Maggie are very friendly and go out of their way to make your experience a good one.
If this is the same Pho place that was here quite a while ago, and is now again open, and owned by the same mom & pop, it is fantastic!  I really need to go there again.  It's far from me, but worth every bit.  I shall expand my review after revisiting.
Holy Smokes this place is GOOD! No, it is freaking AWESOME! I am a HUGE pho fan, and eat it practically once a week. I noticed this place was opening and came across the yelp reviews. So I decided it was worth a try. For one, the place is aesthetically pleasing. It doesn't look like a shop that was transported from Vietnam, like the usual place with small tables, cheap/poor decorations, and looks run down. This place is clean yet traditional.
I ordered the shrimp spring rolls, which I've had in different states all over the U.S. These were the best. My BF who isn't die hard about the rolls ate one and said they were amazing. And he travels to Guam, Hawaii, and lots of other places.
I got the Pho, and it was the best I've ever had. Fresh, the broth was delicious and really carried the flavors of the star anise. It was SO good, I just went yesterday and want to go back today!
I also got a Taro Boba, which i've been obsessed with since I lived in Hawaii. Nobody here, in my neighborhood, has been able to make an amazing boba. Again, my BF drank half of mine and he doesn't even like boba! SOOOO GOOD!
*The only thing I could see them improving is maybe adding a TV in their little bar area. And that's just a personal preference. Their food is AMAZING. The staff and owners are really nice. I couldn't understand one of the waiters but he was still very nice.
Pho Viet is by far the best Pho restaurant I have ever been to. I ordered the #12 Pho with everything.  I also ordered the Fried Rice with chicken and beef.  I wanted to order a little of everything on the menu because each plate was so amazing I could only imagine how everything else must taste.  

The food was absolutely delicious and the staff was extremely friendly. Especially the owners and their son Peter. I'm not one to usually write reviews but I just had to tell everyone how amazing this place is. It was as if I was dining on the food of the gods... that's how good it was.   I live an hour from Pho Viet and I will gladly make this drive more often to dine in this heavenly place.
Excellent new restaurant. Only had Pho a couple of times, this was by far the best.
- Great portions, decadent flavoring, affordable prices, euphoric/speedy customer service and a modern/pleasant atmosphere.
I will definitely be returning in the near future.
Best Vietnamese Restaurant north of Camelback in Arizona.  It's better than Pho Avina, Angelina's, Viet Kitchen and Pholicious.  The have a wide variety of items to choose from that you would only find in Southern California.  It may seem pricey, but it's comparable to other Vietnamese Restaurants in the area and they do give you a good amount of food.  Everything tastes fresh, looks good, and smoothies are creamy (avocado=yum)!  Orders were taken quickly and accurately.  It's a new place and I do enjoy the cleanliness, decors and their authentic Vietnamese music.
This is the best pho I've had in the valley. Being a vegetarian, I called ahead to make sure they would be able to accommodate my needs. They made me a completely vegetarian pho - which was absolutely out of this world, soul-warming, face-glowing, asian soul phood (see what i did there?) phonomenal. The vegetarian spring rolls were very fresh, high quality, and my avocado smoothie had actual chunks of avocado in it. Aside from the food the service was excellent, they were very eager to please, and the space itself is extremely clean, nicely decorated, and not what you would expect from the outside. 

My boyfriend, who had never tried pho, is now a convert and we will absolutely be back. Probably later this week.
This is a very welcome addition to the Asian dining scene in the Valley. The food is excellent, as is the service and the atmosphere. The portions are generous, so I thought I would be bringing some part of the meal to take home. But because the food was so good, I ended up finishing everything. 

I love that this restaurant has dishes with the great flavors and great prices I've come to expect from my favorite Vietnamese restaurants, but the nice location and the  casual, modern relaxed atmosphere sets this apart from the others.
was apprehensive about this place seeing as how ive gone to the same place for pho for almost ten years. All of my fears where wiped away as soon as i walked in the door. The establishment is very very clean unlike alot of other strip mall pho spots ive been to. The staff is more than helpfull and extremely friendly but to top it off the Pho is out of this world AWESOME!!! I cant recomend this place enough!
I have been eating "pho" noodle soups now since 1985. Mainly all over Garden Grove Orange County California where the Pho phenomenon seems to have started. 
The way to judge a good bowl of Pho is by the broth.  Most Pho has good broth. But rarely do they have great memorable broths. Most people add some shiracha hot sauce and hoisen into the broth. Here it is not really  needed. This is the one of the best broths I have ever tried. Why would you want to mask these incredible flavors?  The chef will come out and greet you, he is eager to tell you about the merits of "his" broth. 
Pho  Viet has great broth as the base, with noodles fresh and properly cooked. The basil and vegetables are  another way to judge  Pho. When you are served pho soup, you will be presented with a plate of fresh basil, sprouts, greens, and maybe some other vegetable in which you will immediately break apart and add to the soup to intensify the flavors of the Pho. Here, the basil is so fresh! 
Many of the Pho soup variations have meats that most Americans are not comfortable eating such as tendons, tripe, etc , etc, you can order it without all of this such as just beef or chicken. Pho soup is not really about the meats anyway. It is all about the tasty broth and  rice noodles. 
The basil here is so fresh and fragrant it is as if it was picked minutes ago. The sprouts are fresh and crisp. MMMMM, great Pho!
The other day my friend had the chicken with lemongrass and ginger. The taste was great. You will also get a nice bowl of that heavenly soup broth with your meal. We both ordered the fresh spring rolls which had even more of that great fresh basil. 
As for service, this seems to be a family owned restaurant. I believe it may be ran by a brother and sister team.  They will treat you like family. Need I say more? For all those peoples who are not familiar with Vietnamese restaurants and have always wanted to try, come here. You will be yet anther "pho" convert. It has been opened for a few weeks now, I hope the chef keeps the "fresh" vision for years and years to come! 

P.s. If you feel unconfortable with chopsticks, just ask. They will bring you silverware.
A new top of the Pho list for me.

30 Flavors of Boba for starters sold me right out the gates.  I had the Lychee Boba and it was bomb.

Also ordered the crispy egg roll which was much bigger than normal which is a plus hopefully they keep them that size it's well worth the value.  Full of flavor and very crispy.

Last but not least the Pho.... 
The broth was clear like it should be also very nice flavor before even adding all my sauces and herbs.  

Overall this place is awesome and it's close to work so I see myself here at least bi-weekly.  They have only been open 3 weeks so far so I am sure it's going to get busier soon as it is the best around this area.
As soon as I figure out exactly what #56 on the extensive menu was beyond "chicken, rice, and crispy pickled vegetables" I'll tell you - but I can tell you now the name doesn't do it justice.  The food was delicious and in decent but not overwhelming quantity.   Service was attentive, solicitous, and friendly, and the dining area well-spaced, clean and appealing with a few well-placed nods to the orient, but not overdone, down to the low-key Viet pop music in the background.  And the price for this lovely plate of food in this very pleasant, friendly, family-run eatery: an amazing $7.99.   

  I have to mention the red rice that came with the meal. Expecting only the ordinary white sticky rice, this was a surprise, and a most pleasant one.  It was moist, reddish-orange in color, and full of satisfying flavor of it's own sufficient that we asked the staff what was in it.  We never got a definitive answer but whatever it is/was - it was not the traditional pile of tasteless stuck together white rice one might expect, and especially at so modest a price for so good a meal.  

As stated above, the dining room is clean and attractive and the tables well-spaced, un-crowded.  Service could not have been friendlier or more attentive, though the attention lavished on us may have partly been a factor of our being the only customers at the odd dining time of 4:30 on a Sunday afternoon.  

I don't know Vietnamese food very well at all, but I know what I like and Pho Viet did a wonderful job of providing it this afternoon.  I will be back to try more of the very affordable menu and enjoy the good service as well.
I first found out about this new vietnamese restaurant on the yelp app for "hot new businesses" and I wanted to try the place out after seeing the facebook pictures and reading other early yelp reviews. 

When I first walked in, immediately recognize that this wasn't your typical "pho shop" and enjoyed the modern decor for a change of view, the waiters greeted us with smiles and the owners were very nice! Everyone was helpful in every single way possible A+ for customer service; that alone will encourage me to want to repeat business. 

I had the springrolls and bo luc lac and both were very delicious - I only wish that they have a more like peanut buttery sauce for the springrolls but their sauce for it was good too! my mom had bun bo hue and she enjoyed that very much as well as talking to everyone there LOL


Though I haven't tried the pho yet, I'm itching to go back and try when I'm in the area for sure :)
This place is awesome! This one blows Pho Avina out of the water. The service is great, the place is clean, and the food is wonderful. They have a great selection of Boba smoothies for a hot day.  The Pho broth had nice flavor and they don't skimp on noodles or meat. I am from the Sedona area and try to make a point to stop for Pho when I am in Phoenix since it isn't something I can find locally. I will definitely be back.
The Pho here is very good and they give you a great amount of it for the price they charge. We tried the egg rolls as well and they're very good. 

The thing that I was bothered with was the Cripsy butter garlic chicken wings that we ordered. On there website they have a picture of this dish and it shows 6 wings on there and they charge $5.99 for them, which seems a bit much for me already. $1 per wing?! So we went and ordered them anyway and asked the waiter how many per order and he told us 5 in one order. But when they came out, there was only 4 in the plate and I had to ask them why. So he went back in the kitchen and asked the cook, and he came back and said that the cook gave us only 4 because one of the wings were a bit bigger (but to me they were just all regular size wings you get at the bar) So we ended up getting only 4 wings for $6+tax. Ridiculous!
The first thing I think of when someone tells me there's a Vietnamese restaurant I think hmmm, is the place going to be clean? since a lot of the Vietnamese restaurants around town are dives.  
To my surprise, this restaurant not only newly opened, is open, spacious, CLEAN and well decorated in a modern theme.  
The menu is extensive with the basic pho choice of rice noodles or egg noodles.  I decided to try their shrimp paste, pork chop, Vietnamese meat loaf over rice plate and a drink consisting of condensed milk, raw egg, and club soda.  
I was a bit queasy to try the drink but wanted something different~ as it turned out, the drink is tasty~ a bit like liquid custard.  I think it would taste even better with a bit of salt sprinkled in to enhance the flavor.  I have to laugh though since none of the other wait staff, including the owner has tried this drink even though it's on the menu!
The rice plate was good.  Everything tasty.  Only bit of turn off was the pork chop came out really greasy.  Had a layer of oil on both sides that I had to sop off with a couple of napkins.
The wait staff were friendly, so friendly in fact that they waved and hollered out good bye to me without giving me the check.  Lol.  Good thing I'm a honest customer and told them I had not paid yet!  
Overall, a very enjoyable experience.  Good location~ I hope they do well!!!
Great new Pho place, have been here twice now, service was good food was delicious had the chicken Pho and chow fun both were very fresh and tasty with large portion size. We will be back to try more..
Went there this weekend for the first time. The thought of soup on a warm, 120 degree day did not sound like a great idea, so we opted for rolls and a noodle dish. I am brand new to Vietnamese food, so the menu was pretty intimidating to a newbie. However, Maggie and Peter did a GREAT job explaining things to us while keeping our waters filled! Very friendly, VERY CLEAN, food was yummy. Please give this new restaurant a try and be sure to introduce yourself to Maggie and Peter..Super nice folks. I wish them luck!! Welcome to AZ.
Just went for dinner. Food was ok. Spring rolls were alright, could of used more flavors.  The pho was okay. I felt that the pho broth was too fatty. This flavor to me ruined the taste of the pho, especially towards the bottom of the bowl.  Also bathrooms on each side of the restaurant were a bit confusing.
Once again, Yelp helped us pick a winner.  Hubby was craving Pho, and FYI he is the big Pho expert in our house.  I just go along.  We were tired of Viet Kitchen, so I was excited to see a brand new Pho place not too far away.

Man oh man, so clean, modern, friendly,  5 stars just for being a pleasant environment.  But the proof was in the Pho and hubby was very very happy.  Boba was great.  Service excellent.   Menu is really extensive, so I was happy to have so many other choices.  lemongrass shrimp rice plate was nicely spicy, a little skimpy on actual shrimp, but the veggies tasted better anyway.  

Congrats to owners for opening and hope all goes very well.  

p.s. 43rd Ave and Bell is starting to be THE place to go for great food  (Here, Yen Sushi, and Mi Comida, BOOM, done!)
I can't say enough about this place. Staff is friendly, the place is beautiful and the food is mighty tasty. I am never steered wrong when I want to try a new item and even though this place has only been open for a short time, I feel like they are family. They get to know you and what you order as well as remember what you have ordered (and liked) in the past.  They are VERY attentive and want to ensure that you have a great experience. Do you have a question? Ask away! I keep coming back because it's like a home away from home...without the curfew.
Where do I start????

      I had a Daddy Daughter lunch date with my 9 month old and I was craving some good Vietnamese. It's a little hard to find its in a plaza tucked in on the end. 
      I was greeted immediately by a nice man and he found a nice table where I could park my stroller on the end. 

      This place is spotless! I was thrilled that usually means the kitchen is clean too. So I ordered the lunch special a regular sized bowl beef and meatball noodle soup with an egg roll and a Pepsi for 10.00 bucks. I was feeling like a fatty so ordered the butter garlic crispy chicken wings as an appetizer. 

       I finished it all!!! it was hot , fresh and Flavor bomb central. The staff was so attentive and friendly.....I was recently introduced to Vietnamese coffee with sweetened condensed milk so I ordered some and it was a great way to finish the meal. 

Definitely a great lunch spot and date spot too. I'm afraid that this place is going to be found by all lovers of Vietnamese and no longer be a Hidden Gem.....go you will be glad you did!
Sad that I have to write my disappointed update. 
1) I always order the same thing #13 which is $7.49. Today I went in for the first time in maybe 2 weeks. I noticed that they got larger bowls. Their last bowls barely fit the soup. Upon checkout, I was charged $8.49 per bowl (I went with my BF). The man who checked me out said we charge you $1.00 more because the bowl is bigger. I never asked for a bigger bowl, I was just given it. How can you charge more to people than what the menu states? Not good.

2) I say ok fine, and pay. My total was $23.17 for 2 bowls & a boba. I handed the man $25.45 and he gave me back $1. 63?!?!?! I said UM this is not my correct change. It should be $2 plus change. The man said oh sorry my mistake and gave me 4 quarters, and a one dollar bill. THEN as I'm putting my change in my purse, the man took the $1 bill off the counter & put it in a tip jar behind the counter or something. I thought he was crazy. I had already left a $5 tip on the table.

I looked at my boyfriend and said mmmm, nope. Maggie & her brother are really nice, but won't be coming back for awhile after this poor experience. =( So super disappointed by this. I felt kinda cheated...
So........................

I've been told that the best way to judge a Vietnamese restaurant, especially its pho, is by the broth. Specifically the pho bo, tai, nam, chin ,gan ( beef broth )....etc, etc. This place is OFF THE CHAIN!!!!!! I've had several places that do pho very well, but hands down this is my favorite place. I found out about it after a month or so of it opening and I'm really glad i did. Great cozy atmosphere, everyone is SUPER nice,  especially Maggie ).
:-) 

This is a MUST GO for anyone in the area, and if you aren't in the area....... get in your preferred method of transportation and GET THERE, like ASAP! 

Happy dining at Pho Viet
I really, really liked this place.  It was big, clean and in a good location in regards to where I work.  The people were really friendly and greeted you right away.  I ordered the Chicken Pho and it was amazing!  The broth had a great flavor and really hit the spot.  They give you a lot of fixings (bean sprouts, jalapenos, etc).  I also tried the egg rolls and they were pretty good.

I am a fan and will return to try some of their other items!
Found this in my rear view mirror as I was leaving the parking lot. 
Turned around and went in to pick up a to go order of Pho.
The place is very new and very clean.
The staff was very friendly.
Pho was excellent.
Plastic wrapped spring rolls rolls were off putting and did not taste fresh.

Edit 4/29/14
So after two visits since my first review, the springs rolls have been fresh and great tasting. Upping to 5 stars.
So Glad they were open late !! Yum
HOLY PHO-CKEN SHIZZ PARTY PEOPLE!  I love this place!  Not only was the food OUTSTANDING but the people running the joint were awesome.  My daughter loves Pho Ga so I took her and my wife here last night for dinner.  We had originally planned on going to Nam Sao (our go to joint) but found it closed for remodeling.  Fate had intervened.

Just to get the pho out of the way, my daughter and wife both loved their Pho Ga.

I on the other hand absolutely LOVED the Com Dac Biet combo plate.  Every bite was amazing.  The grilled pork and chicken had that familiar Vietnamese smokey grilled taste.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  The broken rice perfect and the side of clear soup I got was out of this world.  My favorite thing on the plate, the shrimp paste and the meatloaf.  This is the perfect meal.

You cant go wrong here.  I will be back, again and again...
First visit: staff very loud  in communicating with each other. Food was good but dry had to use soup to try to bring some moisture to rice , chicken and egg rolls. May give it another try
I live right near this place and I watched as it got ready to open. I love Vietnamese food so I was pretty anxious to try it. I was not disappointed. The staff was very friendly. The food was fresh and delicious. The place was kept very clean. 

There are a couple of other Vietnamese restaurants in the immediate area but they are nowhere near as good as this one.
The pho was good! It was my first time having pho and it had a strong clove flavor(a spice) i don't particularly like clove so it was hard for me to love the pho.  I don't know know if it taste like that everywhere but i will ask next time i decide to have it somewhere else.  If it wasn't for that particular taste i would have loved it .
Good atmosphere and clean. If you are looking for authentic pho this is not the place.  Veg was not as fresh as it should be, soup had very little flavor for the broth and combo bowl was very small (disappointing).
Diverse menu, happy staff, colorful ambience. Will return again! Pho tai is excellent with great broth flavor.
We tried this out tonight, and are completely impressed by every part of the experience. I got the noodle soup with the beef and it was phenomenal. The beef is cut extremely lean, no fat whatsoever on the meat, and the broth was rich and delicious. My wife got a chicken, noodle and vegetable plate (don't remember exactly what it was called) and the portion was so large that it could have fed both of us.

The service was great, the turn around for the food was quick, and I can't wait to go back.
Stopped in here after searching Yelp on my way home.  My hunger was getting the best of me.

I had the dinner special - a bowl of soup, spring roll and tea.

the rice paper wrapped spring roll was rather nice and refreshing.  I liked it so much I bought two more to take home for lunch the next day.

The soup (noodle with beef) was OK.  I added on extra noodles (though i did not think it looked like extra noodles).  It was just an ok bowl of soup. 

Service was attentive and friendly.

I think I will be back to see if it is better (per the yelpers) the second time.
This is the closest Vietnamese place near my workplace, so it works for me when I'm craving pho. I usually order the spring rolls and rare beef pho, they use cucumber slices in the spring rolls (which I don't particularly care for) but everything else still tastes pretty good. I like the service and I'll definitely continue ordering here.
Cleanest and greatest viet places I have ate at... Love it definitely will be coming back
Rad place, great food, service was awesome and made us laugh....if ur wanting and dam good bowl of Pho its a most!!!
This place is simply amazing. This shrimp fried rice is addicting and the soup is phenomenal. Me and my husband have decided to make it our new Vietnamese restaurant. Why not check out next door to for a great massage. We did both!
A cure for the first time. The people are very pleasant, helpful, and very courteous. The food was absolutely delicious. We are definitely coming back.
3.5 stars. 

My new favorite pho place in Arizona!

My parents house is only 20 minutes away from Little Saigon in Cali so I've always had my pick of good Pho. This place is pretty darn good, beats my usual pho spot, Pho Thanh in Phoenix. The broth is very flavorful and they have a good assortment of Vietnamese dishes. Prices are standard for this area. 

Normally I get the rare beef with flank or brisket, but I got it with just flank this time. Flank was more fat than meat so not sure if I'll get this here again. Maybe they just didn't have much meat today. Last time I got the rare beef with brisket, that was tasty . Regular size bowl is plenty of food, I usually can't finish it all. Got the Banh Xeo  today and though it was very flavorful and packed with shrimp, sprouts and onions, it was undercooked in some areas :( We've ordered the spring rolls before to go and they were good. 

My favorite thing here though is their Lychee smoothie, its soooo good. They must put ice cream in it or something, its amazingly creamy and flavorful. I know they have many flavors but I always have to order this when I'm here!

Big, clean restaurant, fast service, nice decor. Will definitely be back!
This place has good food and friendly service.  Dont let the outside fool with you. definitely a place I would go back to you. there is a variety on the menu that I still need to taste
I was initially looking forward to visiting this Vietnamese restaurant because of the high ratings on Yelp. The interior gave a modern feel as the red, black, and light wood décor was spaciously arranged with slow natural lighting coming through the windows.

The Com Ga Nuong ($7.50) came with pieces of chicken grilled to perfection. It was marinated with ginger, lemongrass, shallot, garlic, and served with pickled veggies and steamed rice. The chicken was moist and juicy, but the flavors on the marinade and pickled veggies were faint. The dish had promise, but the flavors were kept too safe and failed to stand out. The dish also came with a bowl of over-salted soup which I could not finish. 

The server kept asking me if I wanted to order something else. Feeling pressured, I ordered the Taro Boba ($3.99) since he said it would be made with real taro. The quality of the boba was decent at best, but the drink was made with powder instead of fresh taro.

I then turned to the female server to inquire about the drink. She said they don't have fresh taro in the restaurant and that the drink was made with powder. Moments later, the sever came back to reassure the drink was made with real ingredient. I was visibly upset by then, so the server went outside for a few minutes before returning to my table to say, "We grind up real taro into powder so it can be mixed into the drink." Since I make boba drinks at home, I can guarantee you that such practice is not only unusual, but this guy must be delusional or in the midst of a cover up.

The owner of the restaurant noticed that I was extremely dissatisfied about being lied to, but did not address the issue to intervene. The second server was at fault too since she did not comp the drink or bring it to the ownership's attention. I told her, "I wouldn't have ordered this drink if I know it's not made with real taro."

I have been eating taro since childhood so I can distinguish those that are artificially made. To insist that they were telling the truth, after the second server had already admitted to the error, earned them a zero star for 1) up selling their customers, 2) dishonesty, 3) lack of intervention and apology to fraud, 4) indifferent ownership.

I would never come back to support this business and encourage the public to do the same.
Really good food. I ordered soup and an a dinner entrée. The soup could have been dinner.
The Pho is good and the service is great.  They are always friendly, welcoming, and quick, even when busy.  I get much more meat in my pho at this place than I have anywhere else.  The inside is clean and modern.
I've been to plenty of pho restaurants in the valley and this is by far the best one! the service is fast and friendly (especially Maggie) and the food is out of this world. I highly recommend this place
Great place to get your pho fix.  The prices are decent and they also sell the Vietnamese pancake.  If you're craving Chinese wonton soup try the me noodles.
I read about this place when it appeared in a ROTD (Review Of The Day)  So this is my first visit. I didn't know what to expect however I was excited to try this establishment because I love soup especially this time of year. There is nothing like a bowl of pho on a cold day. In addition it isn't that far from where I live.

I must say I'm quite impressed with this place. As you might know from reading my reviews I rarely give a restaurant a 5 rating. To get a 5 the food & service must be over the top. It must have that " Wow factor" and Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant has that wow factor. First off when my wife & I walked in we were  immediately greeted by the owner Nghi and our waiter Hong with a resounding "Happy New Year". The place wasn't busy so we were seated right away.

While my wife went to get my glasses that I left at our house I ordered our drinks (Root beer for Carol and hot tea for me). The first thing that impressed me with the tea it was made with real tea leaves instead of the tea being in bags. I then ordered us an appetizer of Cha Gio Eggrolls (Crispy rolls filled with pork, shrimp, crab meat served with vegetables).

I asked our waiter Hong what he recommended since this was our first visit here. He suggested the Pho Tai. 

When Carol got back and tasted the Cha Gio Egg roll she raved about how tasty the egg roll was. I told her Hong suggested we get the Pho Tai (PHO noodle soup with sliced rare tender beef). We both ordered the Pho Tai. Carol  and I usually see eye to eye on most things taste-wise (food, music, etc.,) so I wasn't surprised she loved the food here especially the Pho. All I can say is the Pho here is awesome. The Pho broth was tasty and fresh and while at first glance the portions didn't look that big, the Pho was extremely filling. The beef in the Pho was tender In terms of taste, the Pho was delicious!  Plenty of noodles, fresh basil, bean sprouts and jalapenos and lime on the side. This even before you add Sriracha Sauce or Hoisin Sauce to the broth. The broth was just the right amount with a like amount of meat. The soup was actually good (not watered down) I was so full by the time I finished eating. If you want to leave a restaurant with a full belly and a smile on your face this is the place to be. I can definitely see myself becoming a regular here. They have a huge variety of Pho in addition to an extensive menu of Vietnamese dishes so the Pho is just one of the things that makes you want to come back.

To finish off my meal I got a Lychee smoothly.  It was outstanding. Plus they give you a large straw so you can slurp down every delicious drop.
 
FOOD: Everything was cooked to perfection I thought my mouth was having a PHO party. The Pho was so flavorful the broth warmed my belly with delight. It was soooooooooooooooooooooo good. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior. SERVICE: I KID YOU NOT, there are Vietnamese restaurants out there providing excellent customer service.  And Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant is one of them. CONCLUSION: Hungry? Do you like Vietnamese food? Of course you do, who doesn't like pho, right? This place is nice & clean and plenty of parking. The service was excellent and the food came out pretty fast. The staff also seemed very nice. The décor was awesome and the prices were good too. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%

 ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
Went to this place once! They just open and I had a bad service. The server did not remember 2 order of mine and when he brought my bowl of Pho he messed it up. He did ask me if I ever had Vietnamese food before ( i was insulted when he said that). Well I am ASIAN and i had plenty of Vietnamese food. Especially when I use to live around Westminster and garden grove. The Pho was okay I would recommend to reduce the amount of cinnamon put in the broth.
My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this establishment while looking for a cure to our PHO desire. We recently moved to the opposite side of town so didn't have a particular place...until now. Friendly, laid back atmosphere, good food, fair prices has made this our new Viet place. The hot green tea I ordered was great and freshly made, as a vegetarian I recommend the vegetarian spring rolls (#3)
I do not know much about Vietnamese food, I have been to Vietnamese restaurants only 3 times.

But my friend at work treated me to lunch for my birthday and I was craving a soup, so I looked for pho and found this place.

It was easy to find and with plenty of parking.

Everyone in there was super friendly and nice. Great service and very accommodating.

I think I had #16 (PHO soup w/sliced rare tender beef, flank, tendon, tripe) and it was outstanding. My friend had pho with chicken, shrimp and extra veggies.

I cannot speak about drinks because we had only water, but I am looking forward to go back and try the milk coffee.  : )
I told you I wanted to become a regular here so here I am again with my wife. Immediately upon entering Nghi (the owner) thanked me for my review and welcomed us back. Other than the gal behind the counter who was there during our last visit  everyone there was all different. None of which introduced themselves. I must say I was a slightly disappointed about this. That being said I must admit ALL of them were extremely attentive and helpful. Especially (I'll call her the gal behind the counter since I don't know her name).

We started off with an appetizer of Cha Gio Egg rolls. We both totally enjoyed them. In fact this is the second time we ordered them.

Anyway after (the gal behind the counter) made several suggestions we finally ordered the Cha Gio eggrolls again. For our entrees my wife Carol got root beer then ordered Bun Thit  Nuong (Grilled pork , egg roll, lettuce, mint, bean sprouts. She moderately liked it. But thought it was just OK. She enjoyed the Pho much better. 

I ordered hot tea and for entrée I ordered the Com Thit Nuong, Bi, Cha, Tau Hu Ky (Grilled Pork, Vietnamese meatloaf, shrimp paste over steamed rice. Like my wife Carol I thought it was OK but liked the Pho much better. 

After my meal I got a Mocha smoothie with Boba. I didn't like the Boba all that well so next time I'll just skip it.

FOOD: Everything was fine but not my favorite dishes . I liked the Pho much better. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior. SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%

 ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
This is a great, family run business with yummy pho! You should definitely try them out! Spring rolls and phone dac biet are d'lish!!
First time here and we really enjoyed our Pho and boba! My honey is pretty critical about Pho and he enjoyed it, said it was better than his Mom's! Now that is saying something! I ordered the Chicken Pho and taro boba, both were perfect! We also ordered the summer and spring rolls that were delicious as well! We will definitely be back!
the food is terrific!  maggie waited on us and she is just adorable and friendly.  we've tried a few other pho places around town and this is the best, our new placw for pho
Great service and great food. Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for great food and people!
I have a few favorite go to pho spots, but i decided to try this because it was the closest to me. That being said i'm glad i did. I loved that you could really taste the clove in the pho, some places have started to get bland with their flavoring but this was on point. The egg rolls were as good as the ones from my favorite spot too. Our waitress was really cool and my son asked if we could start coming to this one so enough said. The only reason i gave it 4 stars was because i'm use to the cheaper prices at my spot and bigger bowls but don't let that stop you from coming the FOOD IS GREAT and worth it! we'll be back!
The pho was delicious, spring rolls, and egg rolls. The waitress was friendly had a nice atmosphere.
Food is probably a 3.5 but I'm rounding up to support my people's small businesses.  I ordered a rice dish and it had pretty authentic flavors but the thit nuong (grilled pork) was too dry.  I love Vietnamese egg meatloaf (cha) and the little piece I had was good but not warmed up enough. The bi (shredded pork skin) was very good and reminded  me of home. I had a sample of the pho broth and thought it had too much anise flavor without the depth of the meat bones.  Not sure if I'd eat pho if I came back but there are other dishes that looked good like banh xeo and papaya salad with liver and beef jerky, which i haven't been able to find anywhere else in AZ! Prices are also a little more than I'd except from a Viet restaurant.
This place has very delicious, aromatic, authentic pho. Regretfully, the prices and the portions of the soups offered do not honestly reflet the generosity you may find at an heirloom Vietnamese restaurant. The staff is wonderful and the atmosphere is clean and modern. (IE: There isn't an old lady sitting in the corner reading a Vietnamese newspaper swatting flies) A potential 5/5 restaurant once they offer some sort of compromise on the pricing and/or portions of the pho they serve. Need a more affordable place with munificent portions? Look no further than Da Vang or Pho Thanh...
My wife & I have eaten here several times  since our first visit. Each time I have tried something different. My wife Carol gets her favorite PHO Soup. But I must say it is the PHO and the spectacular service that keeps us coming back again and again.   

Each time we bring new people who haven't tried Pho Viet Restaurant yet and they all liked it a lot. 

FOOD: PHO is delicious. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior. SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies! RETURN FACTOR: 100%

******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
I have no idea what I ordered but it was meat broth and veggies. 

The meat was supposed to be meatballs but was more of a sausage. The veggies were all good and te broth was awesome after adding it all together. 

The staff was really cool, checking on me and refilling waters etc. 

I liked it but and still scared....

PS great for a head cold!
I have been here 5 times in the past 3 weeks. The food is spectacular and the service is wonderful. Peter recommends a dish and every time is better than the last. The coffee is so good that I dream about it. I recommend this to everyone!!! :-)
My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our first experience at Pho Viet today. For starters, our waitress was so friendly she made us immediately feel comfortable. We were both able to get the 10 dollar combo special, which comes with a bowl of Pho, a  spring roll or egg roll, and a drink. The spring rolls were so fresh, the best I've had anywhere. I ordered number 31, Pho Ga, which is Pho soup with tender chicken. The broth was so tasty, seasoned perfectly. My husband got number 30 Pho Tom, PHO soup with premium shrimp. It had so many pieces of actual shrimp, we were both so surprised! 
We will definitely be going back soon!
Really considerate and friendly servers/family and a vast menu that never leaves me bored or wanting more. Plus, you can get a bowl of their Pho, a Spring Roll/or Egg roll, and a drink for $10 which is more than enough for one person. This restaurant reminds me of home in Orange County and I will definitely be back again.
Let me start by saying, I love this place!! We found it by accident when they were having their grand opening. It's one of my favorite places to stop for lunch on Friday after a busy week!

We always start with Goi Cuon, steamed shrimp, pork and vegetable spring rolls. They are wrapped in rice paper and served with peanut sauce. I could eat these all day!

There are many choices on the menu. The pho is very good and flavorful! One of our favorites is #59, Com Dac Biet. It has shrimp, pork, chicken, shrimp paste, Vietnamese meatloaf and a few other things. The food is fresh. Portion sizes are good. 

The service is excellent. Everyone remembers us from previous visits, and they always make us feel welcome.

Look and feel inside is clean and modern. 

Highly recommend! And while you're there, don't forget to try a tiger beer!
Quality quality & quality !!! We love it, always fresh, always clean, service is always fast & friendly! Everything we've tried here is sure above 4 starts! I also really sensitive comes to seasonings, not having any problem at all ! We are happy happy & happy !
I'm really happy we stopped here for lunch. Food was pretty good. Had to have some boba drink. I recommend that definitely.
Came here tonight for the first time, I loved that it was so clean, the staff very friendly, the food delicious!!!! Definitely will be back!!! So glad I live up the street and won't have to travel so far for my addiction of spring rolls and peanut sauce!! The shrimp pho was delicious! Portions were good, prices I felt were good, my husband and son both enjoyed it and they aren't really fans of this type of food and they both loved it!
My buddy and I came this place after attempting to go to another Vietnamese restaurant, Nam Sao and found out it was closed due to fire. 

When we walked in the first thing I noticed was how clean it was. Some places I have been look dingy and have an off smell. Not this place. 

I ordered a rice vermicelli bowl with grilled pork, pork skin and egg rolls. We ordered spring rolls to share and my buddy got a bowl of pho. My friend was so impressed he told me to taste the broth. It was amazing! Layers of flavors and you could taste the herbs and spices. I decided then and there it would be the next thing I would order there. And while I was craving the bun, I was regretting not getting the pho. 

However, my dish was great. The pork was grilled perfectly. Some places seem to have a real problem overcooking pork when it's thin and grilled. The egg rolls were very flavorful as well. 

My friend has already recommended this place to some friends and I'm dying to go back.
Friendly spot with a TV and great food! Prices aren't bad and the seating is nice and comfortable. The menu is hard to understand because it's not
Love this place for pho!! best service and best food!
Saw this on yelp while looking for boba smoothies,great choice.had spring rolls,grilled pork sandwhich and smoothies.everything was very good,can't wait to try more things on the menu.
I just had lunch at Pho Viet and I always order my favorite dish which is Co'm Chien or fried rice with jumbo prawns and chicken. You can get whatever meat you want in your friend rice and that's the best part about Pho Viet!

Also check out their new t-shirt design. The grey shirt made me laugh. It is the trend that every Pho restaurant in the world or this country must design their funny Pho shirt now. Pho Ga! I love it!!!

There are new items such as Vietnamese sandwiches on the menu besides Pho and Bobba that you can try but I always go back to my favorite fried rice to the first day that I tasted it when I first worked at Pho Viet during their Grand Opening. Great Vietnamese food, great memories, great family and friends at the restaurant. Say hello to all of the family at Pho Viet when you see them! It doesn't matter who you are. They are the friendliest and the best to make you feel right at home.
The Pho and spring rolls are my favorite. I stumbled on this place as it's close to my home, and really like it. Nice open atmosphere, friendly service.
I need to travel to AZ more often just to eat Vietnamese food.  Was on my way to the airport and it was early so I saw this place and decided to drop by. I got the Bun Bo Hue and the sausage spring rolls.  I'm so happy that there are still some vietnamese places that would use deep bowls not the wide shallow bowls!!!!  My Bun Bo Hue had the pork hock and the sausage spring rolls were refreshing. I went to the airport very happy ;)
15 STARS!!!!!!

Birthday dinner, AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Best Vietnamese food and customer service in Arizona.  The Spousal Unit tried a Com Dac plate tonight and loved it.  I foresee many, many more lovely evenings at Pho Viet.

Did I mention I love the peoplez running this joint?  Hell yeahzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!!
Since PHO's menu is so extensive I can always try some thing differed  to eat and that is always mouth watering bowl of PHO that is guaranteed  to  satisfy . Especially when suggested by the son of the owner. Every suggestion by him has be short of amazing. YES were hooked on this place,  yes were regulars, there, yes we know every one there. and yes this is out favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town.

Peter the owners son ha even made suggestions to try different n00dles to replace the ones that cone with them and all I can say is each time he does the soup gets better ad better! 

FOOD: PHO is delicious. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern. Exceptionally clean.  Bathrooms are very clean,.SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing  excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies! RETURN FACTOR: 100%
              
        *********** What does my OVERALL rating mean? **************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
Just got take out.....Awesome! !!! If you have not tried Vietnamese food, try this place. The inside is very clean and the service is great. They accidentally gave me 2 large soups but said not to worry they did not charge for it. Highly recommended
Excellent Spring Rolls and Excellent Pho.  I had the Pho with little bits of everything.  They had Soda Chanh as well.  Got some Viet Iced Coffee to go and enjoyed every last drop.  
Spring rolls were very delicious, their peanut sauce needed a little hoisen added as it wasn't as good as most places, not saying it was bad, but I have had better.  

The pho broth was very good, they didn't have jalapenos to add to my soup, but it was not a problem.  The meat was tender, maybe a little lacking, I would have preferred more meat, maybe next time I will ask for extra meat.

Bonus note, they take AMEX!
SUMMER IN AZ IS COMING. YOU'LL REGRET NOT TRYING THE BOBA HERE.
 I have enjoyed a great bowl of pho here a few times. The many times I do come in is because I am addicted to the boba smoothies. But lets start with the Pho.

Food:
I am the type of person who probably loves the broth more than everything else and being a native Californian we have many gear pho House. The broth here was excellent. It just mixed and sat well in my belly. Chicken and beef plates were grilled and marinated just right. Egg rolls were the 2nd best I've ever eaten. (I've had MANY egg rolls in these 26 years of life)

Boba:
This is separate from food due to it being a gift to mankind. I've tried 6 different flavors, all great but all time favorites: 1) mango 2)coconut
Boba, as you first sip, she captures you with her smooth, ice cold texture, then the boba create a game changer from drink to food, as the perfect combo is there.. Then comes the silky smooth milk taste of mango to pull you back in.... 

Customer service and decor: awesome!
The smell is the first thing to hit you when you walk in.. Its just so dang fresh. I am always greeted and feel like I'm at a friends House when I go there.
Went in with my BFF last week for our first visit .  We each ordered beef pho.  She had the number 13 Pho tai (?) and I had 12 I forget the name but was the beef pho with tripe tendon beef and meatball.  My friend is more the 'connoisseur' of pho.   Really tunes in to the broth flavors wherever we go.  Says if its more fishy or weak.  She said this was in her top 2 faves.   I basically just say if i like something or not and i did love it. she said it was a tie with Angelina's.  Pho Viet's  broth was so flavorful and even though it was 117 degrees outside, we just wanted to drink it!

 We also ordered their #8 appetizer crispy butter garlic wings.  The order came out to us quite Non-crispy and were actually raw in the middle.  The busboy took them from us right away apologizing and as we were waiting I believe it was the manager that came out to again apologize and ask if we wanted anything else while we waited for new wings.  (Very handsome BTW).  We didn't , and when our server brought the new wings they were incredibly delicious.  Nice and crispy , not sure what the spices/seasoning was but it was potentially addictive .  Taking a long shot guess but Asian 5-spice?  We will for sure be back for the wings and  venture around the menu!
So I'm always on the look out for good Pho.  It's one of my staples when it comes to food.  
I visited this place as it's near my work.  I walked in and was instantly greeted by a staff member that seated me at one of the tables which had a number on it.  I assume it's for waiting purposes.
I asked for a tea, and was surprised when I got a green tea.  it was very tasty though, so no complaints there. After about ten minutes, my pho showed up, and it was decent.  The broth was a little bit less flavorful than I'm used to, however it was still tasty.  They offered a full list of usual Pho ingredients and the pricing was inexpensive.  
I can say with certainty that I will be back!
Went back again today. I got the pho with rare beef, tendon, tripe and beef balls.  It was so good.  My soup was suppose to also have brisket and flank but I told them to hold it.  With me holding the two other proteins, I thought I would get more other proteins but I didn't.  oh well, it was still good maybe I should ask next time.  I also got the shredded pork with pork skin spring rolls, the skin was tough to eat so I will stick with my pork sausage spring rolls.
I love the options they had here, they don't skimp you on noodles or meat. I got one of the special pho's and it was amazing. I kept pulling out different meats all the time. I am really glad there is a pho place like this around me and I don't have to travel down to tempe/mesa anymore. 

Sandwich is good, the bread to toppings ratio could be better (less bread would be good).  Didn't try and spring rolls when i was there, next time i will.

Also they have hilarious shirts.
Ordered the Pho Gha. Broth could have used a little more complexity in flavor but the table ready condiment selection added some zazz. I would return.
They have awesome Pho Thai here at very reasonable prices. The thin slices of beef aren't fatty either! The staff is very friendly every time I come here as well. If you are in the mood for Pho Thai, I'd definitely recommend this place. One of the best I've found in the valley so far.
Massive menu. Great pho and a lot of other options- including great little apps. The lunch crowd files in and almost fills the place up. We will certainly be back with our brood!
My boyfriends parents treated us to dinner here Saturday night. This was my first time  eating at a Vietnamese restaurant. While I looked over the menu I gawked at how many options there were! There are over 100 different combos to choose from. I ordered the # 74, Grilled shrimp, grilled chicken, shredded pork & pork skin, and Vietnamese meatloaf over steamed rice. My food was very tasty. Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy what they ordered as well which ranged from Pho soups, to something with lemongrass, and these cute little coffees. They also had a few different sauces on the tables to choose from like hot, duck, sircha, etc. which were very good. I also discovered what boba slushies were! I had no idea these tasted so good. I am hooked. The servers were very nice and the atmosphere was very peaceful. I do plan on visiting again in the near future.
I love Vietnamese food. Today, I come with my bf who didnt like Vietnamese food, but he is crazy on it now!! (Thanks!!!!) 
Really love the Pho, and rice dishes. I'm gonna visit again soon. :D
My first impression of the place is, it's visually clean and spacious with great interior decor. The service was quite nice but lacking here and there. For example, I ordered a Soda Xi Muoi (Plum Soda) but there was no taste of the soda at all. When I asked one of the server if she might have given me a Chanh Xi Muoi (Plum Lemonade) instead because I couldn't taste any soda in my drink, she immediately said it was definitely the correct order. Now, I honestly could care less if they had given the wrong order or if the soda was left out too long and lost all of its bubble. What bothered me is that after voicing out my concern, there wasn't any offers to remake the drink or any attempts to double check if it was the correct drink. 
As for the taste of the food, i'd give it 2.5 stars. 
Bun bo hue: lacked flavor and smell
Nem nuong: okay though more meat wouldve been better
Chicken pho: a bit bland, though i must say, the noodle's texture was great. 
I absolutely would not recommend the smoothies. I understand that most viet restaurants do use powder in their smoothies but for a strawberry smoothie to taste like toothpaste.. I honestly cannot defend it no matter how hard i try.
Been there 5 or 6 times. Food is very good, place is always clean, and staff is friendly. Just a nice little family owned restaurant. I highly recommend.
I had high expectations for this place because it has high ratings. My hu tieu dac biet was just okay. I came here with 3 other people and everyone else thought the food sub par as well.  

They give a lot of noodles which is a plus, but the soup was tasted heavily of msg and they skimp on the meats and veggies.

There were not a lot of people there (probably cause it was 2pm). We got seated quickly and service was good. Overall it was an okay experience, but I think I prefer the Vietnamese restaurant inside Lee Lee Asian supermarket!
Pho Viet has quickly become one of my favorite spots to eat at. I love their pho the most, but their bahn mi is great too. Their mocha and taro boba are the best options in my opinion. Their service is also excellent. They have some of the most friendly servers in the business.
Café Zupas claims to be a healthy, inexpensive alternative to regular fast food.  First, I am not sure how healthy their food is because they fail to post nutrition any nutritional information.  Second, read the menu for descriptions and don't add extras.  On a recent visit after seeing a movie at Harkins Norterra, my wife and I decided to try the place that recently opened in place of Johnny Rockets.  
I ordered Chicken  Tortilla Soup and Chicken Chop Salad, My wife ordered a pesto chicken Panini.  As we went through the line, I asked for some peas.  The peas were immersed in water and the preparer added no more than a tablespoon but also managed to dilute the miniscule blue cheese added at the beginning of the line. Then, I noticed there were no tortilla strips on the Chicken Tortilla Soup, so I asked for some.  Now, I was at register and I was charged $4.99 for the Panini, $7.99 for the soup and salad, $.59 for the peas and $.59 for the missing tortilla strips in the soup.  My wife and I sat down and tried to eat our food.  The amount of chicken, tomato bits, bacon bits and egg slices were so minimal that I felt cheated immediately.  In addition, it was watered down by the clumsy person who added the peas.  Worse than the salad, the chicken tortilla soup tasted like salt and had NOTHING in it but broth and tasteless chicken.  We tried twice to get the manager to complain, but they kept walking.  Finally, one of the floor bussers, came over and asked what was wrong.  He noticed something was wrong and went to get her.  The manager came over and asked what was wrong.  I told her the salad was watery and tasteless and had very little in it other than cheap iceberg lettuce. I also told her I could feel my blood pressure rising from the excess salt in the soup and the audacity to call it chicken tortilla soup when you charged extra for the tortilla strips.  She offered to replace it with anything else on the menu so I asked for the nutritional information.  She told me that was not made available by the company so I told her never mind, just get me a refund.  She said that was not their policy.  
This restaurant is so bad, I warn you to stay away.  For the same amount of money spent here, you can get unlimited soups and salads at Olive Garden which is so much better.  Even Sweet Tomatoes is a much better value with greater variety.  Don't waste your time or money here.
Got the Honey Bacon Club and tomato basil soup. Not worth the nearly $9 for the pick 2. If you're in the Norterra area, save your self and go to Paradise instead. We won't be going back.
Those previous "reviews" must be from Paradise employees. They are nervous now!
We've visited this cafe three times now having different sammy & soup each time.
The food is good and the variety of options is great. My only concern is the prices. They are on par with Paradise down the walk - both a little high.
The difference in volume of soup btwn large and small - if there is one - is not worth the additional charge. Stick with the small.
Great place to eat before catcjing a movie next door.
The soups here are absolutely delicious! They make them from scratch in the back and they are better than homemade! The lobster bisque is my favorite so far but the mushroom is also delicious! The grilled paninis are really good too. I also tried a few of the salads. The lettuce is very fresh and the dressing are flavorful. They need a 'try 3' combo since its so hard to choose between two! This is my new favorite place. This is a great place to grab a quick bite before a movie.
The food was ok. I got the BCH Panini and the Chicken Enchilada Chili. The soup was really salty and the panini was something I could make at home. The employees were friendly but unorganized. I thought it was a little on the expensive end. It cost 3 adults and a child about $45 for soup and salad combos. Probably won't be back. In my opinion, Paradise bakery, Wildflower, and Sweet Tomatoes are a better value.
Not impressed one bit! After seeing the menu online I was very excited to try a new restaurant close to home. It was nothing special, AT ALL! The BBQ chicken salad I ordered had a very slim amount of the ingredients mixed in and it maybe, maybe, had 2 ounces of chicken breast. My daughter had the chicken strips and fruit from the kids menu. She's a toddler and eats ketchup with most items. They didn't have ketchup. The lobster bisque soup was okay. A small salad was not enough food and was not offered a size portion when I ordered it. The bread that comes with the meal is just a section of a cold hard loaf and the butter is over ice so there's no way you're spreading that on your hard loaf. The chocolate covered strawberries were a disappointment as well. Only less than half of the strawberry was dipped. Sad to say it but this place doesn't stand a chance with the other restaurants in the shopping center
One of my favorite lunch places. Try their tomato soup, it is so good and different than the typical tomato soup. Also you get free chocolate covered strawberry with every meal, can't beat that
First time here. The line was almost out the door when we got here but it moved pretty quickly. The menu has a good variety and it pretty reasonably priced. It was nice to see how many salad topping options there were. You get Italian soda mix ins with your fountain drinks and that was fun to play around with. There were some really delicious looking desserts but we didn't get any (this time, but next time...). You get a chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal too. The food was pretty good, fresh and light. 
They have rolling booted seats/car seat holders and long tables for families. We sat in a booth and had our car seat in one of the holders and felt really in the way from the people squeezing to get by.
Really liked this place. Cool atmosphere, loved my meal and the price was good. Had the Asian BBQ pork sandwich and the chicken tortilla chili which were both very good. I'm from out of town but would come here again, and would certainly eat here if they opened one near my home town.
Tried Zupas for the first time and am very happy we did. Food is fresh and has the "home made" taste they boast. Great flavor in the soups (sampled several) and the sandwich was light but filling. All meals come with a free chocolate covered strawberry! What's not to love there? Also, had the Salted Caramel Creme Brûlée which was great for only $2.99.
After a horrible time trying to get a table at Pita Jungle came here and from the start was impressed.  They opened the door and welcomed us. Everyone was extremely pleasant and got awesome food and sat down right away.
What a wonderful staff they have here. Great customer service. Very friendly and energetic. I'm so glad they open this place near me. :))

I always get the vegetarian sandwich. It's perfect and it's delightful. The nuts about berries salad, is phenomenal. Strawberries berries and a hint of cinnamon with nuts. Im obsessed :))
This is a typical soup, salad, sandwich joint.  Perfect for lunch or a quick takeout dinner.  The ingredients are all fresh but also lack some flavor.  I have been here several times and nothing I've ordered really blew me away.  The best thing I've had was the salted caramel brûlée.  I ordered it to go and the cashier dropped it, flipped it back over and sent me home with it.  The caramel was everywhere but on top of the brûlée.  Even still...it was so good.  You also get a complimentary chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal, bonus!  They also have complimentary syrups at the soda station to add to your drinks, which I love.  The rating I'm giving is more for all the extras here and not as much for the food.
People say that variety is the spice for life. I couldn't agree more so that's why I ventured out to Cafe Zupas from my normal rotation.

I decided to get a large make your own salad along with a soda for $9.29 (inclusive of tax). They give you plenty of mixed greens and about four ingredients on the salad. I could probably fit all the ingredients that they gave me on a hot dog. If you stick out your hand and look at your ring finger and pinky that would have been about the volume of chicken in the salad. I may have gotten somewhere between a 1/3 to 1/2 of a hard boiled egg as well. They chop up the cucumber and tomatoes very fine. Maybe a couple of teaspoons of each ingredient.

It's safe to say that I won't be fooled again.  At least I enjoyed this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1QtO2KYwVE   (start at 1:14).
I came here on a Thursday at noon w my 4 year old. It was pretty busy mostly with what seemed to be business employees from close by offices. First impression, a friendly girl greeted me at the door to tell me the house favorites. A nice gesture but could be skipped in my opinion since I can read the menu myself and none of the house favs appealed to me at all. An over abundance of (friendly) staff behind the counter took my order and I received my lunch immediately. They offer samples of all of their 10+ soups which was nice. The salmon chowder tasted good but when I dug into my bowl I was disappointed to find it VERY thin w zero bits of salmon or anything other than 2 or 3 bits if corn to be found. In fact, I easily could have drank the entire bowl w a straw. Bummer for a chowder that they compare to the ones found in Washington State!

My Thai chicken salad was alright but nothing to write home about. It had very few small pieces of chicken in it, all iceburg lettuce. I did liked the fresh mango, peppers and small kick of spice it had going on. 

Signs on every table tell you To Not Save Your Table (?) and I couldn't help but feel rushed to vacate mine with several staff hovering over us scoping out our plates. If you are looking for a fast, simple meal on your lunch hour this place will do. If you want to sit and enjoy your lunch, not so much. 

Bottom line: above average customer service, average at best food.
YUM YUM YUM! 

I happen to have a sweet spot for salads that have fruit in them and Cafe Zupas offers me the motherload of choices to quench my fruit tooth. 

Their lobsterbisque is so much better than I was expecting it to be. I was happily surprised.
Omg seriously I paid 15$ for French onion soup and panini so expensive,And there French onion soup was so oily and gross I had to ask for money back,the staff is so rude the guy on register think he owned it...I would not recommend anyone to eat there they will get sick from that French onion...
Food was ok. Atmosphere was terrible. Exactly 10 minutes after leaving I had to stop at a QT gas station due to an upset stomach and let's just say I'm not going back.
Really like this place. Everyone is super friendly and I haven't had a bad dish yet. Their clam chowder is really excellent. Have had a variety of soups and sandwiches and have never had a bad thing to eat. They are also quick so if you're in a rush on lunch this is a good spot.
Went yesterday for dinner, Irish stew signs posted all over. As I approached the counter I was told they were out. I was disappointed but stayed for a soup and sandwich. Both were ok at best, but I did not get my chocolate covered strawberry. Not a good experience.
And now its bad here too. Ordered a chicken ceasar salad with no red peppers.  The girl threw peppers on it and we told her we said no red peppers. So what does she do, pick them off right in front of us. So disgusting! Wow. Not coming back.
Good not great...Paradise Bakery is slightly better if you are looking for soups,  salads and sandwiches.
I really enjoy this place. Their food is tasty and they have awesome customer service. 

My 2 year old accidentally dropped her plate on the floor when she was less than half done. I went back to the counter to order another meal for her and as I was about to pay I was having a conversation with the gentleman behind the counter and mentioned why I was buying another meal. He handed my money back to me and said I certainly didn't need to buy another meal, accidents happen and they were happy to take care of it. They didn't have to do that since it was in no way their fault! 

They don't have the BEST food, but I have enjoyed everything I've gotten so far. The chocolate covered strawberries are a nice treat!
absolutely amazing food, service and prices! we will definitely go here again! YUM!
Good food and great service. Free chocolate covered starve berries with your meal!?! Yes please!  Many of their soups are chowders or bisque type. The chocolate hazelnut creme brûlée is delicious. Generally busy around noon.
I love the ambiance of the restaurant and the high volume of staff to keep things moving.  It was busy, but the service remained fast and friendly regardless of the high volume of people there.

What I didn't love was the salad and the lack of discussion about what I was ordering.  They prepared me a small salad, I wanted a large but couldn't tell what they were doing.  Once I realized it was a small it was too late.  Also, the added items (chicken, egg, tomato, etc) was WAY too small of a serving for a lunch.  I was less than two bites of chicken - maybe 1-2ounces total..  and about 1/4 of a hard-boiled egg.  I'm not a big eater - but I was pretty hungry when I left the restaurant.  Also - WAY too much dressing - it was drowning in dressing.

They were so focused on keeping the line moving (and I understand they need to get people through at lunchtime), but they didn't take enough time to let me make decisions about my order.  Large salad, not small.  Extra chicken please.  LESS dressing, etc.  

It could  be great if they improved the service at the counter and actually gave people a moment to order what they want... and if they consider actually adding a decent serving of ingredients to the salads.
So So good, you get good bang for your buck,... skip the paradise bakery and head here love it!! They also have Italian soda which is also so so so good.
This place is horrible if you need to eat gluten free.  They told me at least 5 times that theirs is an 'open kitchen' and there is risk of contamination (they are set up like paradise bakery in that they make the salad in front of you using crocks of the various items).  But they could not tell me if there was gluten in any of their dressings.  They have no gluten free menu.  Anyone who eats gluten free knows they are taking a risk eating at this type of place and does not need to be told.  The staff even told me it is not their fault if I get sick. 

I got the summer salad with the dressing on the side - the salad was good and I did not get sick from gluten.  The small salad is not really enough food for a meal.  The kids meals are $4 and include an option of two items from the following - baked chicken tenders, grilled cheese sandwich, fruit cup, and soup.  They come with a drink (from the soda fountain) and a choice of bread or chocolate covered strawberry.  The kids seemed to like their meals.

I will not be going here again until they have a gluten free menu.
Not a fan of this place.  It is loud, hard to walk down the isles (tables are really really close together), food is mediocre AT BEST and I feel like I am ordering at a school cafeteria.  Paradise Bakery has a similar set up to their restaurant, but the food is worth it.  It is usually busy, so some people must like it (it is affordable) -- but the food is very bland and lacks zest in my opinion.  No complaints about the staff though.  :)  

My friends like this place, but I just can not stand going here due to the food; I've tried it about 4 separate times. There are so, so, so many other more flavorful restaurants to go to in walking distance.
Good food- weren't very accommodating to my mother who can't eat certain vegetables. They seemed to be frustrated when they had to start the salad over- work on your employees attitude.
An alternative to Paradise Bakery. Had the Asian BBQ sandwich & tomato soup, both tasty and I would return. I prefer Paradise however.
Turkey avocado sandwich and Caesar salad are really good!!! But the breads all get hard quick
Nestled in an easy to miss corner of the almost dead of weekdays Kitchener Market, it's easy to miss. It's one of those places you hear about from a friend of a friend, one those tiny hole in wall bars with the best food, or mysterious restaurants with only a single table for two that you hear talked about every now and then but no one knows where it is. That's the kind of place Breadbaron is: a real hidden gem.

Breadbaron is a sandwich counter at the Kitchener Market. Quiet, unassuming, you wouldn't give it a second glance if you passed it by, but if you did stop, if by some random chance you did decide to grab a sandwich boy are you in for a treat.

Made by classically trains chefs, Breadbaron has fantastic sandwiches. Their bad days result in merely good sandwiches and their good days? Well, their goods days are something to be experienced.

The one thing you really need to understand is that Breadbaron makes their sandwiches from scratch. I don't mean they buy their ingredients from from some bulk supplier and slaps them together, I mean if they made any more of it they'd be filling chicken troughs with feed and forging cast iron.

They source all their ingredients locally, vegetables and meats from local farms and their own gardens, cheeses from low volume regional craftsmen, and more, but this isn't something like picking up a pack of meat from the store. No, they cure their own bacon, smoke their own brisket, they turn huge slabs of meat into those things we'd recognize in a store. When you get a sandwich from Breadbaron you aren't getting something anyone could throw together, you're getting something really unique.

That's the kind of place Breadbaron is.

Forget decor, forget atmosphere, if you're looking for a really good sandwich, and trust me you are, then checkout Breadbaron.
You haven't had a sandwich until you try one of the bread baron sandwiches!  I went with a friend and we shared the Pulled Brisket Reuban and the Tom Yum Chicken Salad.  So delicious and full of flavours.  The soup also great and it was only an additional $2 with a sandwich purchase!  They change up their sandwiches every so often.  Plus they do offer delivery with a min of 6 sandwiches.  The owners are super friendly and helpful.  Check out the pics that I've posted.  I will definitely be returning to this place!
Great soups and sandwiches made with local ingredients. Whether vegetarian or a bacon aficionado, they will have something for you. Seriously, they make their own bacon, which is amazing and tastes unlike anything else you've tried. Prices are reasonable too, given the quality of the ingredients. They also have a old-school Nintendo so you can play hits from back in the day while your lunch is made!

While their menu is limited, it's in the market so there are other options right there. If you want a sandwich and your friend wants papusas, then you'll both be happy at the market.
Really good sandwiches here! I decided to grab something quick after shopping at the Kitchener market and the Breadbaron Sandwich counter caught my eye. Their menu is small, but they execute their items well! 

I tried out the B.B (brown butter) squash sandwich today. So good! I can't wait to go back and try the other sandwiches out.
It's open!  I went on opening day and the restaurant did a superb job of handling a big crowd.  Staff was friendly and helpful, the bread was delicious, and the broccoli cheddar soup is still the undisputed champ.  Although the inside is pretty spacious, and the outside lunch tables are great, parking in the complex is limited, so if you're planning a lunch run, you should consider other modes of transportation unless you're prepared to make a long wait for a parking spot.
Its opeeennnnnnnnn. yayyyyyyyyyyy. I no longer need to go to New Jersey for it. Hehe.

Andres had noooo idea what he was doing at the register. Missed up my order 3 times after I told him to repeat my order. Smh. Anyways. They JUST open. So its whatever,  i understand you're learning still.

The pasta was wayyy to oily. :/
My spinach power salad was decent, but my Mediterranean sandwich was delicious. :) the pesto sauce was perfect. I was happy.

Tropical hibiscus is a mustttttttt for your meal fyi. :))

I shall come back.
I really really wanted this to be awesome. I work next door and have been teased by the "Coming Soon" sign for what feels like an eternity! Well, the day had finally come, March 5, the GRAND OPENING of my new breakfast and lunch hot spot. 

Grand opening I was so happy they were finally open. My coworkers and I walked on over for some breakfast. I ordered a Four Cheese souffle and a medium Americano. They were pretty quick, happy to see you, greeted with a smile. Score! I'm happy now. Got our food and walked back over to our office. Coffee was great, I'm eating my souffle....there's a hunk of something in it that I bite down on. Upon further inspection of said souffle, there are artichokes in it. Ok, no biggie, I just didn't realize there were artichokes in the four cheese one....and upon inspecting the site, there's not. They had incorrectly given me the Spinach and Artichoke one. Not an awful mistake, except it's 70 calories more and I ordered the Four Cheese because it was lower in calories.

Lunch, let's just head on over and we can regain our excitement of Panera being next door. I decide on the Power Mediterranean Roasted Turkey Salad. Looks super tasty, super healthy and again I am happy! We get our lunch and head on back over to our office. I open up my lunch...what a cute box. A little disappointed because from outside the little boxed window it doesn't look very big. Not very big at all for a $9 salad. Oh well, I open it up and stop in my tracks. There's some turkey, cool; olives, check; no lemon juice, but 2 olive oils; and spinach, like less than 20 leaves. I move aside the spinach looking for more and I just get the bottom of the cardboard box....where's the rest of it. There's no "salad" in my salad. Now I'm totally bummed. I call over, more-so to let them know the kitchen might have a hiccup and the Manager tells me they want to make it right, to come on over and they'll fix it. At this point, there's a line out of the door and we just agree to take care of it the next day. 

Panera isn't all it's cracked up to be so far. BUT....they have promised to make it right!! And now here we are. Walked on over this morning, spoke with the Manager who once again apologized. No biggie, bumps in the road, it happens. I order up a coffee and the Power Breakfast Egg Bowl with Steak. The girl at the register isn't sure how to ring it in, the manager helps her...I hold my breath.....ok, we're all set. She comped my breakfast and coffee, the order got put in, we're golden right? Grab my bag, we walk on back. Sit down at my desk, mmmm steak and eggs and avacado and.....at this point is where you hear the screeching halt of tires. I get that things in real life don't look like stuff in the professional photographs, but they didn't even try. For some reason my breakfast was on salad (maybe that's making up for the lack of it from the lunch) the "Two all-natural eggs, freshly cracked every morning" were actually just two ice cold egg white patties. Gross. And their "seared steak", well that was a cold chewy mess as well. I couldn't even stomach it. Take a look at the picture:  http://i62.tinypic.com/2hcnsk2.jpg

After all that, they've struck out 3 times and lost me as a customer.
I usually stay away from chain restaurants, but decided to give it a shot since it's right aroudn teh corner from my house. I went in for lunch on Saturday and it was PACKED! they have a menu full of sandwiches, salads, pastas and baked goods. i opted for a half sandwich and small pasta, which set me back around $12. The pasta was good, it was this cheese tortellini with pesto. The turkey and cheddar panini had was just okay, super dry and overcooked. The building is nice, but it's the exact reason I don't do chain restaurants. the food just has to be OKAY because of the volume they do.  I'll most likely go back as there are tons of better options in the area for lunch, but if chains are your thing this place is a decent representation.
The Smokehouse Turkey Panini was good, but my Tortellini Alfredo was far too salty.  The French onion soup was too sweet. Ten dollars for a small serving of pasta and half a sandwich seems rather expensive. I don't see what all the fuss is about.
overpriced, small portions, slow service (even when it WASN'T one of those crazy, line-out-the-door days)...you are in central phoenix, please go to any of the myriad local shops instead. at the very least you will get more for your money. sometimes more for LESS money.
I have waited a long time for Panera to make it out to Phoenix and I'm less then impressed so far. Parking is awful during the lunch rush. I came in, ordered, paid $13 for a half sandwich, soup and large drink. Pastries are $.99 extra. Pepsi products only with a few tea options. My food took almost 20 minutes to get, thank goodness I get an hour for lunch! Seating spaces are awkward unless you get a booth. I would rather get the cookie instead of the roll with my meal, which I didn't even eat. My turkey avocado BLT on sourdough was good, as well as my fuji apple chicken salad. Food runners were constantly confused of where orders were going and was asked several times if random orders were mine. I know they just opened but they certainly have a lot of kinks to work out before I come back.
I was honestly a little disappointed in this location. I have been to Panera many times in the past when residing in Oregon and this location just did not live up to the standard. I understand that they are new and are working out some of the kinks, however, there is still a long way to go. 
The line was long, but don't let that stop you- they actually got to me VERY quickly. I asked the cashier for a recommendation between 2 options and she said she never tried either. Ok... no worries... I went with the Turkey Avocado BLT, tomato soup, and an iced chai. The soup was barely warm, the sandwich was gross (the meat appeared to be cooked but the texture once I bit in did not seem cooked) I took ONE bite. The chai tea is very delicious! However, I didn't pay ~$18 for good chai and lukewarm soup. I didn't bother discussing this with the manager because she was busy dealing with other issues from other customers.
I was really looking forward to a new restaurant in my neighborhood. I have been to Panera 2 times now and both times the experience has not been very good. The first thing you see when you walk in the door is a little waist level window on the partition wall looking into the dining room. There is a table in front of the window that a manager has setup as their desk with all the normal things you would see on someone's desk like a coffee cup, papers, pens, a napkin, a printer and a laptop. Its like welcome to my office.

Once you get in line, and there has always been a line, you get a confused person manning the register. Both times the person was friendly but slow and poorly trained. The most frustrating thing is there are like 5 registers, and only 1 is usually being manned but there are people at most of the other registers doing something, but it not waiting on customers - they look confused like they are reading something.

I will say the food was pretty good, so a glimmer of hope exists.

It can only get better. My recommendation is start with the manager that setup his office in the dining room - I suspect that is where the problem originates.
Disappointed.  Coffee over one hour old according to the board, and then there was only half a cup.  Oatmeal was cold an very little fruit.  More employees than customers, but service was still poor. Com paired to other locations this one has lots of work to meet expectation.
I'm from Texas so I was able to eat Panera Bread on a regular basis. I'm happy that there's finally a location in Phoenix, especially so close to where I love. Food is good (my favorite sandwich is the Mediterranean veggie). Pastas are good and I love getting a chocolate chip cookie.

Service here is a bit slow. Hopefully things will pick up once the store is a little less new.
This was my spot in Seattle.  I loved being able to get a soup or pastry and enjoying the fireplace on cold damp days.  

The ambience here is equally as welcoming.  Clean and cozy eating area.

I would agree with the rest of the reviews, the staff seems to be poorly trained and confused on the menu.  Even I have a hard time understanding the "pick 2" options.  When I went it was empty, I got my food quickly.  It seems that they are trying to figure things out still with the food delivery as the runners get confused easily.

I got the chipotle cheddar sandwich which was good.  My main complaint was that for $13 it seems overpriced for a tiny sandwich and salad.  

I'll come back for coffee and pastries but not the food.  Slightly better, but overpriced paradise cafe.
4-5-14 - Three times I visited the Phoenix Panera  on Central and Thomas.  They have a mouthwatering picture of their breakfast sandwich: egg, bacon and cheese.  The first time I was 2 minutes late to order the sandwich, of course I waited in line for 15 minutes before having the opportunity to order.  The second time I waited for more than 10 minutes just to order their green tea, which turned out to be horrible.  The third time my husband and I made a morning trip so that I could order the breakfast sandwich.  What a waste of time and money.  The real sandwich does not look at all like the picture and we were extremely disappointed in the quality.  Also, the staff was under-trained because she did not know how to ring up my husband's order.  Don't waste your time or money.
It's never fun having to write reviews like this one but I felt I needed to share a few things.  Hopefully management makes a few changes because I really want this place to do well!

Before I list my feedback I do want to call out that this place just opened, and it's their first location in Phoenix so they may just need to work out some of these kinks.

- Ordering/pick up process is terrible.  just terrible.   The layout of the restaurant is confusing, unorganized and downright uncomfortable.  It's hard to explain but once you order your food you have to wait in this tight, long hallway next to the kitchen where servers run into you to grab food and bring it to some of the tables. At one point the line was so long to wait for food some of the people I was next to had to step outside because it was hot and making them claustrophobic.   Honestly I didn't blame them.  I snapped a quick photo after they had just stepped away which doesn't quite show how tight it was but it will give you an idea of the space I'm talking about.

- Quality of my food was less than epic.  I ordered a pick 2 (soup and half sammy).   The most disappointing part was my "French onion" soup.  Normally FO soup comes topped with cheesey goodness and some crunchy bread.   I literally got watery brown broth with onion strips.  Nothing else.       Either they forgot how to make it or ran out of ingredients?  I was in a huge hurry after having to wait so long for my food that I didn't have time to hunt someone down to correct it.   

- Napa chicken salad sandwich was dry :(   Not even sure how a chicken salad sandwich could be dry but this one was.  Bummer.

- Chocolate chip cookie was good!  I have lots of faith in their bakery section.   Will definitely try more next time.

- Server who took my order was very pleasant!

Oh, Panera.  I want to love you so badly.  I'll be back sometime to give you another shot, and I hope to update this review for the better :)
I was looking forward to eating here.  I thought it would be similar to Wildflower, which I love, but I was disappointed.  I ordered the Chicken Cobb Salad and two kids mac n cheese, all to go.  The kids meals were $4.99.  The serving of mac n cheese was quite small, probably good for a 4 year old.  ( my kids are 9 and 12) Wildflower portions of pasta and sauce are at least double in size to what we got here, and I think the meal is cheaper as well.  My salad came in a box that I couldn't quite figure out how to open.  Not saying that was bad or good, just different.  The flavor of the salad was ok.  Not something I would order again.  The cheese was supposedly gorgonzola.  There was very little of it, and it was not very strong.  I could barely tell that it was in the salad.  The dressing was odd, not a typical cobb salad dressing.  Also, I believe Cobb Salad typically has chopped egg in it and there was no egg.  Maybe they don't use it.  The turkey Cobb at Wildflower is waaaayyyyyy better.  Sorry, Panera, you left me unimpressed.  Oh yeah, we tried a brownie too.  Meh.
So, several months ago I try to order the Power bowls and the staff wasn't trained and could not even work the register and then tired to say i was thinking of another restaurant,  today I gave then a second chance,  I wanted one of the Flatbread sandwiches and they were out of flatbread. It's definitely not worth the drive.
Perfect pastry and cookies. Breakfast sandwiches I've tried have been excellent, though they seem pricy. I understand that they're new, and there are always growing pains... But the horrible layout is never going to change. I typically order iced coffee, and the self-service coffee station is right near the registers. However, though I'm issued my cup at the register; I have to push through the narrow, congested hallway/waiting area past the kitchen to get to the cold drink area at the back to get ice for my iced coffee--it's not even visible from the front, so I had to ask the first time; then push back up front to dispense and doctor my coffee with cream and sugar; then... Where are the lids?? Only one size up front: small as it seems to fit their hot coffee lid slots ... Oh, back with the ice and soda. It's so non-intuitive that on my second trip I also forgot to grab a lid, and on my third trip I remembered the lid but forgot my straw.  You just don't expect to have to manage a lid and a straw in one hand while dispensing ice and your drink using the other, while hiking the hallway, using your third hand for the paper bags of breakfast--all that for very mediocre iced coffee. 

Staff was... New. I'll wait for a while before commenting as it's hard when everyone is new and you can't learn by example. 

Overall, frustrating. I leave feeling rushed and irritated, which adds to the sense that the meal wasn't worth the price I paid. I'm waiting for a few months before trying again.
This place is no good, the staff seems friendly but their food sucks! I ordered half a  salad and a cup of soup. For "soup" they gave me just chicken broth and for a "half salad" they gave me half of a half. Everything was bland, basically I'm not impressed.
I ate at Panera Bread frequently when I lived in the North Dakota/Minnesota area.  It was easily my favorite of the chain restaurants.  The one here in Phoenix just opened a few blocks away from work.  I gave it a few weeks just to be sure that I didn't run into the messy opening crowd.  I finally went in this morning for brunch.  I ordered the asiago steak sandwich, which is one of my favorites.  This iteration was pretty bad by comparison.  The bread was very dry and chewy.  It scraped up the roof of my mouth.  I realize that this kind of asiago sourdough has a chewy texture, but this was beyond unacceptable.

I still give it two stars because the lady at the register was pretty awesome.  Plus, they have some really delicious bagels and pastries.  I'm not sure what it's called, but there is a cinnamon crunch style bagel that is one of most delicious I have ever tried.

I'll try them again, but I'm probably going to wait a few more weeks.
Way over priced for the amount of food you're getting. $12 for a half sandwich and a small cup of pre-made soup (stated by the manager) and they served us cool bread. 
My vegetarian wife found a small piece of chicken in her vegetable barley soup. The manager disclosed that the pre-made soup that was shipped to their store may have already been contaminated with meat before they served the soup in the store. 
So you would think that they would make fresh soup for the price you're paying. He did say that he would file an incident report and dispose of the rest of the box batch. 
We were compensated for our food, but still disappointing. Used to love Panera, but now, not so much (at least in this location).
I was very happy to see that a Panera opened in Phoenix. Panera was my favorite restaurant back in Michigan where I'm from, so I was glad to try it out. 

The food is good and while I agree the price is a little high, it is comparable from what I remember. The problem is the service. It seems like the staff has no idea what they're doing and they get easily confused. While I was waiting for my takeout, they had to ask what I had. It took nearly 10 minutes to get my Chicken Caesar Salad, and the restaurant was slow. I suppose they were growing the lettuce from my salad from the garden because it took so long. 

The staff is not rude - they're very friendly - just a lot of disorganization.
Wow, this place is a disaster! I think they messed up every single part of our visit from the ordering process to getting our food. It seemed like everyone else had issues too, I don't think I saw one table that didn't have to pull the manager over for an issue. The layout of the restaurant is so convoluted it just manages to make a bad situation worse.
Well, I was excited to try this but not surprised at ALL by these reviews.  I've never been to another Panera, but heard it was good.

The line is always out the door at lunch time.  I didn't have to wait too long to get my order taken, but I had to wait about half an hour (that's my whole lunch break you guys) to get my salad.  I got a chicken cobb with avocado, it really should not have taken 30 minutes.  I wanted to leave and get my money back, but I was already out of time to go somewhere else and just had to wait it out.   Apparently I'm not the only one that was not going to wait -- there were two separate orders they kept calling out that had been abandoned. 

Anyway, I finally got my salad and had to run back.  Sadly my salad was not worth the wait.  None of the ingredients tasted fresh at all, the chicken was pre-cooked and dry, I got only 1/2 a small avocado and two very small cups of dressing.  The whole thing was just slapped together, looked awful, and was 99% lettuce.  Ended up throwing half of it away because it was just LETTUCE.

So food wasn't good, service wasn't good, and everyone in their "kitchen" was flying around like crazy people while at the same time not producing very many orders.  Saw two orders returned while I was standing in the little hallway.  I feel for the guys in the kitchen because they were busy and you've got people staring at you the whole time waiting for their food, but seriously they need to get it together.
I miss Paradise Bakery!  Price increase, no cookie in the kids meal.  Waited a long time for our food, the design of the restaurant doesn't flow and the servers seem confused.  We will keep going to Paradise Bakery until they've all transitioned over to Panera Bread.  The restaurant was crowded, not sure why??
Stopped in for a quick lunch on my way to an appointment.
Salad and sandwich combo and an iced tea.

Everything I had was fresh and tasty. The place is clean with plenty of seating.
I didn't find the prices to be notably different than Paradise.

I also got cookies on the way out to bring to the appointment, and they were a hit.

This place isn't reinventing the wheel. I wouldn't think to come here when I wanted a great meal.

But - for a quick service lunch? Beats the crap out of fast food on so many levels, and I'm sure I will be back.
Horrible staff that can't get simple orders right. Second time now that my husband and I came home to our sandwiches being completely wrong. Stuff on our sandwiches we specifically asked to not have. I've been to plenty of Paneras in other states and they have their sh*t together, why not this one? For what I'm paying, I expect at least a correct order. Food is good....if you ever get what you ask for.
Why all the hatin' on Panera?!?! Being from the east coast, Panera bread is nearly as common as a Dunkin or Honey Dew Donuts. Welcome to the Desert Panera! As I understand it, Panera bought out Arizona's Paradise Bakery years ago. The menus and recipes are the same now.

What is handy dandy about this brand new store is that pretty much every single seat has an outlet. For fellow laptop folks like me, we love places that give us power AND Wifi (usually it's one or the other). 

I'm sure they were working out some training issues in the beginning, but the staff is super nice and tries really hard.
This is only the 3rd time I have been to any Panera. Every time I have been, I have liked it , a lot! 
This place is another good one. It is very clean. The staff was nice.
The food is really good. 
We got salads,they were very fresh, filling and very tasty!
They have a website you can go to and sign up for deals and coupons and such. Although I have not done that yet, I will one day. Or my girlfriend will. She is better at following up on things than I am.

I liked the Ice Tea here. I like the fact it has no sugar already added.
Their chicken states it is Non antibiotic, you have to love that.
I think it is a good place to go when you are out and about and need a healthy and tasty meal.
Yes, it is a little high, But, not too bad for the good food you get.
I first went to Panera during the opening and it was super chaotic... They were still getting into a groove and employees were still learning everything 
My visit then wasn't very memorable 
I think I got one of the pasta dishes which I didn't enjoy... It reminded me of hospital food... Small portion as well...

Today I went and got the Fuji chicken apple salad... I liked it, great size and flavor... Better than their sides and sandwiches... As I was waiting for my order I could hear the girl yelling out her confusion on how to make the salad and some other orders... I know that this is common (not the yelling, but the new employee) but it was kinda nerve-wrecking hearing her and wondering if she was going to get my order right or not... I am usually not one to complain about things like this but I think just because I heard her own uncertainty, it made me a little more nervous... I made sure to check my take out order before I left...

The layout is nice and the dining areas are set up well but I don't get the pick up area, why put that right in the middle of the restaurant... I'm sure that gets packed and hectic when it's busy (I haven't seen it busy)

One of the main things that keeps my visits spread out is the price... Pretty steep, for the food you get at least... 

I think I'll stick to salads and cookies at this joint...
OMG!! I read some of the reviews on here but that didn't stop me from experiencing this place for myself.  I'm from Portland,  Or and we have Panera there but I have never went in but have always wanted to. I tried it for the first time today and trust me they did not disappoint!!! I had a broccoli cheddar bread bowl and a Fiji apple chicken salad half sized with a frozen lemonade!!! Can we say yumsters?! I will be going back soon.
Stopped in between 5 and 5:30 PM, and it wasn't crowded, so we went right through.The service was prompt and friendly.We got the lemon chicken orzo soup and a loaf of sourdough bread for takeout, and it was delicious! Especially the soup. So were the chocolate chip cookies.
When I went to the recently opened Panera on Friday evening, I knew we were in trouble when my young friend ordered the chicken noodle soup in a bread bowl. "We're out of bread bowls," snapped the staff member taking orders. My friend, who had been yearning for soup in a bread bowl ever since she heard about it, finally settled on a classic salad with chicken and I ordered a Thai chicken flat bread sandwich. We made our way down a narrow passage way into the table area. The decor is blah with bad lighting and none of the empty tables had been wiped off. While waiting for our food, I went to the restroom, which clearly had not been recently cleaned and a huge cylinder of toilet paper was set on top of the empty dispenser. Our food arrived and the person in charge of the kitchen must have been friends with the decorator -- blah. Granted the prices are cheaper than Paradise and the excellent Wildflower but for a lot less money we stopped at Frys on the way home and bought a La Brea Olive Oil and Rosemary round loaf and a can of Progresso chicken noodle soup. Now that was a tasty mean!
I had a great experience here and I'm a little confused as to the large number of negative reviews. The staff was polite and pretty speedy. They didn't make any mistakes on my order and there were lots of spots to sit. I used to love going to panera in Florida and this one is so far up to that standard. 

I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup pick 2, the grilled cheese was excellent, the tomato soup was acceptable. It was a bit more tomatoey than basil flavored. I also had an iced chi which was incredible! 

I did spend some time observing the staff and they do look like they are not too experienced but the manager came out and helped when there was a little rush at 2pm. 

I have no real complaints, I will be back.
Finally got around to trying Panera. Ordered some take out and has a just okay experience. 

Staff goes out of their way to be polite. I was definitely impressed by their positive and helpful attitudes.

I ordered their take 2 with a Greek salad and tortellini Alfredo. When I ate it back at my office, I thought the packaging was quite cute. The salad was just okay... Needed a lot more dressing and some of the lettuce was starting to brown. Tortellini was good, cheesy and tasty but it could have used a little bit more sauce as it was a bit dry. The roll it came with was quite good. Fluffy and buttery... Didn't even need butter.

I thought it was kind of pricey for what it was... A small portion of pasta and an underdressed salad for almost $10. You can go to an Italian restaurant and get a lunch entree with larger portions for a cheaper price. 

But I will give Panera another try... Since their bread is so tasty I'll order a sandwich.
CZ souper fans rejoice! Cafe Zupas second location here in Henderson is now open! Woo hoo! Soups made in house! Salad dressings made in house. Bread BAKED guess where?  In house! That is what I've come to appreciate about this place.

There are dizzying array of options if you order the 2 Combo. Pick any two items from the following; whole sandwich, 1/2 size portion of soup or salad. At least 7 each of soups, salads and sandwiches to choose from.  It includes a chunk of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry.  A little over $8 for a nice size meal, not too shabby.
 
Soups ....  Lobster Bisque, Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster, Tomato Basil and Wild Mushroom Bisque are my go to for soups. The consistency of them are perfect. Not too thick or watered down. Seasoned just right. Doesn't have a salty taste. You know why? It's made IN HOUSE. Down to the fresh basil added in the Tomato Basil soup!  I can taste the difference between this and the previously frozen stuff with the added preservatives that they dish out at the other chain restaurant.   I also tried Chicken Enchilada Chili soup the other day. That one was really creamy.

Salads ..... my go to was the Vermont Maple Blueberry, but sadly it's been dropped. So now I get either order the Nuts About Berries, which is made pretty similar. And another new favorite Pina Colada!  Macadamia Nuts and toasted  shredded coconut , pineapple, mandarin oranges and a Pina Colada dressing. The dressing is light and on the sweeter side, and guess what? It's made IN HOUSE.

Sandwiches ... I'll gloss over this one since I'm not a big bread fan and the one time I ordered it I thought there was too much bread and not enough meat. (See my orig review from CZ's Eastern location). I pretty much don't eat bread at all. I usually give my piece of bread I get with my meal, away. So if you are dining with me, it'll be your lucky day!

Desserts - I usually pass up since I consider the fresh fruit chocolate covered strawberry my sweet treat.  But I did try the berry creme brulee the other day. It was good. And they have cookie bars that everyone raves about. Million Dollar bars??  They go for a couple dollars not one million...just so you know. 

So been here three times already. First time was for the private preview party they held and then again for lunch and dinner once they opened. All visits the CZ crew has been uber cheerful. Pretty uber staffed too. They are well prepared for crowds for sure. This location feels smaller compared to the other Henderson location, but seating wise, I like the wide booths. The condiment/drink/utensil area is hidden behind the wall divider from main dining area.  You can add flavored syrups to your fountain drinks or iced tea.
 
I'm uber happy! I don't have drive those extra minutes now if I'm feeling I just want a salad and a chocolate covered strawberry.
 
So there you go. Now you know what I think about Cafe Zupas.
I really enjoyed my first experience at Cafe Zupas! The food was fresh and offered a lot of healthy options. They also have a wifi hotspot inside and a recharge station where you can sit, eat lunch and charge ur laptop/devices. Also, I liked the syrups they offer next to the soda machine so u can flavor ur drinks. They give chocolate covered strawberries with every order! Overall, I'm happy with this place and it is ABOUT TIME that we started getting better (by better i mean healthier) food options on this side of Henderson! Nothing but pizzerias and tons of fast food!! This place will do well especially in the hot summer months when a HOT meal just doesn't seem so appetizing! I got the turkey cranberry sandwich. I will be posting pictures of my order along with my fiancé's. I really like the turkey cranberry sandwich the honey mustard on the bottom was sweet and not to mustard-y Like some honey mustard's tend to be & I really liked the cranberry sauce on top with the sprouts. Also, I got the chicken chopped salad with blue cheese dressing. My only complaint was that I wish I had gotten the same type of lettuce that my fiancé got on his salad instead of the iceberg lettuce they put with mine. There isn't much nutritional value in iceberg lettuce were as he got the deep romaine greens that I would've wanted. Although, I'm sure that if I had known that it came with that type of lettuce I could've asked for the kind that he got. I will make sure to do that next time. All in all this was a great experience and I highly recommend this place if you're looking for something that is not deep-fried or saturated in fat. Also, great tasting fresh ingredients!! The ambience of the place wasn't bad either!!! I asked, and they do do call in orders where you can come pick up your food if you like. Good to know. Come check this place out!!
Wow! First time ever to a Café Zupas - this place is dynamite. So many choices and a staff that keeps the line moving quickly while being extremely friendly. The Cuban Grilled Pork was awesome, and I think the Wild Mushroom Bisque may be in my top five all time for soups. Will definitely be back!
Their honey cilantro carnitas sandwich & mango berry salad..OH. MY. GOD. Plus their pick 2 combo comes with a chocolate covered strawberry!
I am a big fan of CZ. I don't like this particular location though. I know that they just opened but I am not impressed. I am from Utah and the one up there is on point. The service here is not very good. They skimp on the ingredients and its not very fresh. I am hoping to come back in a few weeks and give this location another shot. At the current time I can only justify a 2 star rating.
First time at any CZ and we loved it! We got the "Try 2" so we could try different things. I got the BBQ Chicken salad and Chicken Enchilada Chili soup. They will offer you extra shredded cheese on top but don't pay it. Not necessary. It is already super cheesy goodness! I have to say the chicken enchilada chili soup is WONDERFUL!!!! If I got that alone it would be easy 5 stars. The salad was good tasting, super fresh and all BUT there was too much BBQ dressing so near the end it got to be really sweet. Also I had to send it back just as I sat down as I ordered it with no onions, I heard the girl repeat it to the girl making the salad but onions still were on it. I'm allergic to onions so can't eat that like it was. My friend got the "Try 2" option also. He got the Yucatan chicken tortilla soup. This is very onion-y, brothy but he said it was ok. Although he didn't finish it so I know it wasn't great. He also got the Nuts About Berries salad. He loved it and I loved it as well. I had to try it. He would definitely get that again. Overall, very friendly staff, we will definitely go back.
Hey, every other lunch spot in the neighborhood. You'd better watch out! Café Zupas has arrived.

I was a huge fan of the first Vegas location on Eastern Ave. Now that they've opened much closer to home, I'm ready to forsake that original spot altogether. Café Zupas delivers soups, salads, and sandwiches with fresh ingredients and in-house dressings with great service. They always have someone at the door, they always clear tables without taking tips, and they follow a carefully crafted script of questions that gets customers through the line efficiently while also upselling on things like desserts and drinks. The foods are not what you would call authentic, but they are delicious Americanized renditions.

I always get the try 2 combo ($8.29), where you get to choose 2 of 3 items from whole sandwiches, half soups, and half salads. Regardless of the weather (read: summer heat), I almost always get a half soup with a sandwich. The soups that I've tried are all really good. The lobster bisque and the roasted red pepper and lobster may not have real lobster, but they're both delicious. This week, I've really grown to love the wild mushroom bisque and the tomato basil. This location seems to serve their bread almost cold, so dip it fully in the soup to warm it up.

As for sandwiches, I definitely steer toward the ciabatta bread sandwiches rather than the panini sandwiches. The honey cilantro carnitas sandwich, which is a relatively new item, is very impressive because of its glaze, the pork, and the avocado. BBQ pulled pork sandwich and Italian club sandwich are also long-time favorites, and turkey cranberry is a nice reminder of my favorite holiday. Cuban grilled pork is alright if you're into that sort of thing.

Finally, even though they're not my preferred choice, the salads are pretty good options as well. Mangoberry salad, Thai mango chicken, and superfood delight are all salads that I've sampled here from friends or family.

Oops, almost forgot about dessert! Aside from the standard chocolate-covered strawberries, which are always great, they have many options for people with a sweet tooth. The creme brulee options are all nice, but my new favorite is a slice of chocolate heaven called the Sinful 7. It's rich, it's sweet, and it's chocolatey. I definitely need to share that with somebody next time because it's such a huge portion after a meal.

One thing I do miss from the Eastern Avenue location is that one or two of the regular employees definitely recognized me on my return visits, even as early as the second or the third time. Doesn't seem to be the case just yet on Sunset, but I'm so happy with the food and the location that we'll have plenty of time to warm up to each other. Make this a stop if you're on this side of town.
If you're going to have a chain, make it a chain like Zupas! With fresh ingredients, a super happy staff, and a TON of options, you really can't go wrong! Not to mention the freebies and half price days they randomly offer. 
I loved this place when I first tried it about a year ago, but now they're close to work, home and its a healthier option for the entire family. 
The 16 year old boy can get pulled pork, and the 12 year old (who went vegetarian overnight) can eat plenty without meat. Not to mention 8 different soups. I was sold at that. I love soup, and even when its 110 in Vegas, I still will eat soup. They also change up the flavors with the seasons, or popularity. (So don't get hooked on one item) 
My favorite part, they appreciate their people. They close on Sundays so everyone can have a family day. 
With good food, decent prices, a great people- Cafe Zupas is a win win in my book!
I loved this place!! There was no wait at all even though it was there first day of business they did a great job at getting people seated and tables cleaned pro I well definitely be retuning and recommending this place to friends and family.
I was like a giddy freakin' schoolgirl when I learned that we were getting a Cafe Zupas closer than the Eastern location! I finally got to enjoy a meal there today and it was terrific.  

I love the choose 2 option (choose any 2 from 1/2 salad, 1/2 soup, whole sandwich).  I especially love the chicken pesto sandwich. My favorite salad is Nuts About Berries - the lettuce is so crisp and fresh and the berries are ripe and flavorful. I switch out the poppyseed dressing with red raspberry vinaigrette and it's total sweet perfection. You get a baguette with your salad and you can top off your meal with an included sweet treat - a chocolate covered strawberry. They have some more desserts available for purchase but I haven't tried them yet. 

The service here is way above and beyond. These people are so friendly and helpful. There's always someone waiting to greet you and offer suggestions or answer questions at the front door. They are extremely flexible if you want to make changes to the menu options. The food is ready so quickly after ordering. And all of this fantastic service is just because... they don't accept tips. The restaurant is bright and spacious with plenty of tables and large booths, and a charging station. 

My only wish for this place is a whole wheat bread option for sandwiches and baguettes. This is one of my favorite food spots in the area and can't wait to try all of the options on the menu! Still completely giddy over you, CZ! Welcome to the neighborhood.
Overrated!  Sandwiches are small; bread tastes mass produced without flavor, and the texture is too airy.  Salads are small too.  Atmosphere is that of a frozen yogurt place (bubbly and plasticy) with food aspirations of Panera.
You want some soup, salad, or a sandwich?  Come on in to the Zupe Scoops (that's often how I refer to Cafe Zupas.....to myself).  I'm pretty sure that 98% of people who go get the try 2. You have to choose a 2 out of the 3 choices (those choices being soup, salad, or sandwich). Their deserts are also scrumptious.  My personal favorite is the million dollar bar (giant chocolate chips, coconut flakes, graham crackers, chopped nuts, and all the love that a grandmother can give).  If you're feeling extra fancy you can order chocolate fondue (it's made from Lindt chocolate).  It's so delicious you'll want to lick the bowl clean (I've almost done this on every occasion, unfortunately I have a wife who says society frowns upon it). Catering is a service they provide as well.  I've never had it so you'll have to ask someone else.  In conclusion,it's  derlicious (yes that "r" is meant to be there).  I can always find something to fill my hunger at the local Cafe Zupas.
A second location has finally come to Henderson. That's great news! Perhaps now we will not have to worry about the packed house and monstrous lines. NOT!

Came here two weeks ago with a friend and the place was packed. Lines almost outside the door. And the sitting area was almost full. There are signs here just as they are at the Eastern location that state you will never have to hold a table, seats are always available.

Well, after we ordered our food and headed to take a seat. Guess what? No seats available. Shocker. Grant it, this has never happened at the Eastern location but I always wondered if it did occasionally happen. And yes, it does. Luckily a group of four ladies were kind enough to give us there table as they had already finished eating and were just sitting down having a chat afterwards.

The food was spot on from the Eastern location. This has to be the best gourmet sandwich shop in town now. Totally has me hooked and here more so than Panera Bread. Just be forewarned that seating here is darn near impossible and the layout is a little weird. There's a wall that houses the fountain drink area and a small squeeze through spot to a sitting area there that if you're not careful, you'll run into someone trying to make your way over to grab your soda before you sit. I wonder how many accidents have happened because of this?
Excellent. This place is what Panera Bread wants to be. Lots of variety. Very fresh.
Tried Zupas today for the first time and I am hooked! Our neighbor said the place was great and we were looking for a nice salad for lunch. 

We arrived just after 11:00 am and there was no line. Wow, what a selection of  sandwiches and salads (they also had soups but it was too hot for me to eat soup).

I chose the pick two which was a whole sandwich and 1/2 salad for around $8. I had the  California turkey sandwich on ciabatta and the mango berry salad. I noticed some wonderful desserts going down the line and had to try the "million dollar bar".

The salad was fantastic. Lots of fresh strawberries, blueberries and mango on mixed greens with walnuts  and a mango dressing. Mmmmmm, delicious and perfect in the hot weather. The sandwich was also for very good. The bread was super fresh and soft. 

Now for that dessert. OMG. It was an oatmeal brownie loaded with coconut and chocolate chips. So moist and flavorful I could have had two. I should mention that everything is house made and you can definitely tell. All of the staff were very friendly and quickly cleared out table when we were finished. 

They also have a free selection of Italian soda syrups at the drink bar. It was fun to try a couple different combinations as well as fresh lemon and lime wedges on ice. 

I have found a new lunch spot and will be back soon. So many different items to try, I can't wait.
This was my first time going to this restaurant very clean and nice!! I had turkey avocado bacon sandwichI will be back soon
Hands up for this place!!! My husband & I come here all the time. The customer service is great! Staff is wonderful, never had a bad experience since they have opened. Even on opening day we were treated really nice & with the upmost respect! I recommend the Mango Berry Salad. I could never get tired of it!! Ofcourse we will continue to come here!! Enjoy everyone:)
First time here today, ordered the turkey bacon avocado panini and the red pepper Asiago Caesar salad combo. Loved the salad, wasn't a fan of the sandwich, primarily because of the turkey. It reminded me of that smoked cheap deli turkey you get in the small package at Walmart (buddig) or something is the name? I will definitely be back for a full size salad and to try their soups. Also, the salad came with a piece of French bread and every meal gets you a chocolate dipped strawberry apparently. They have an Italian soda station that is included with your beverage purchase. 3 different kinds if cake like brownines/bars and their chocolate hazelnut creme brûlée looks tasty too. It was clean, service was quick and props to the lady clearing tables! She did a fantastic job turning them over and handling customers' trays at the garbage can after!
Good food and customer service
Efficient service and good quality fresh food. Prices are reasonable and they clear your table for you. I tried 3 soups and they were all great, even better than Panera. Would like to see the calorie count on them as there must be a lot of butter in them. Overall, great quick stop for lunch.
Love this place! It is kind of busy all time but it is worth it! Great service!
Very friendly staff, great selection, very reasonable prices. The ambience is very hip, modern and clean. I love the pick 2. There isn't any up charge for specific sandwiches, soups, or salad which is the best part. I will definitely return when I'm in the area. Definitely left a good first impression on me. Nice job Cafe Zupas!
If your in the mood for great soup and sandwiches and desserts that are as good as any I have ever had, then your in luck. Cafe Zupas won't let you down. Give them a try. They are super friendly despite being opening week.
Super nice service, delicious food, fresh ingredients.  Doesn't get any better than that.  The sandwiches are a bit on the small side but it gets the job done and fills you up pretty good, especially if you get their combo - two of a full size sandwich, half soup or half salad.
Great concept, great service, great soups and salads but was not impressed with the sandwich my wife got.  Everything is pre-done to make things roll quickly.  It is a Chipotle style restaurant that you order as you go down the line and pay at the end.  The variety was awesome but the sandwich was a little soggy by the time we got to eat it.  The place is large and super casual but very bright and lots of fun for the kids too.  Will come back for sure to try more soups and salads.
The set up was cool here! Very bright and energetic. The employees are nice. 

I ordered a chicken chop salad and the chicken enchilada soup combo. It was tasty. Fresh. 

I also tried my friends lobster soup. It was too fishy for me.